---
description: Internet Unicorn Kathy Campbell and Developer Advocate Jay Miller love
  what they do. They also love productivity and how personal it can feel. Welcome
  to the new show where they share that love and realness with you!
pub_date: July 9th, 2021
title: '0: Episode 0 - It’s the Show!'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/0
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we condue our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit. I'm Kathy Campbell. And I'm Jay Miller. And we are here. And it's a show. It's a show. I'm excited. I'm happy that we have a show now. Yes, it's official. We are here and we are so excited to bring this podcast to you. But Jay, what is this podcast? So you see, when two people love productivity, they come together. Oh, no. Oh, sorry. Wrong story. Yeah, no. This is Conduit, a show about connecting things. And honestly, this is this is your idea. You tell them. Oh, hold on now. That is a lie, sir. I distinctly remember that you made a tweet to which I replied. And then it just kind of exploded from there. So this is your fault. I'm pretty sure our future is going to have a lot of it all started with a single tweet. Yes. That'll be our first shirt. All started with the tweet. Because good things don't start with a salad or something. We'll workshop it. Try again. Yeah. Yeah. Which is something, by the way, that I really appreciated with this whole creation process is having somebody to talk things through with. And something I've learned over the several weeks now that we have been preparing this show is how great you are at translating the random sounds that come out of my mouth into great words. You mean dad puns. Yes, that too. But I think they're kind of fun. And I think that the show is going to bring some of that fun into productivity, but also some of the realities of life and how being productive is a goal. But it also means so many different things to so many different people. And there's a reason that there are so many productivity systems and books and podcasts and all of that in the world, including on this fantastic network, Relay FM Switch On. I think that it is super important to highlight that we're not trying to be the only productivity podcast you ever have to listen to or anything like that. No one here is claiming to be a professional. We're simply just two people that have had a fascination with the productivity space for a long time, but also get that productivity is hard. And not everybody's productivity journey is the same. In fact, most people, you can't just read a book. You have to apply the messy bits in between to really get a system that works for you. And I think that that's what this show is really going to explore is how do we how do we un-mess the messy bits? Yeah, how do we take all of these different funnels of information and place them into our life in a way that works the best for how we work, for how our brains function, for how our life exists? Jay, your life is very different than mine, but we have enough similarities that we can make these connections with each other and have ideas and process things out, knowing that what is right for you is not necessarily right for me. I am super excited to kind of explore to see what that means, what's going to happen and what will kind of exist. So one of the big things that you just mentioned there was that our systems aren't alike and that we have to be able to figure out what works for us. But I've been podcasting product productively adjacent to all of the productivity pros out there. And one thing that I've just learned interviewing hundreds of people about productivity things is that even though we can't just carte blanche copy everything that someone is doing and expect it to work perfectly for us, we can still learn from one another. And a big part of this show is going to be learning from one another and challenging each other and learning from the audience. That's you, the people listening right now, and getting amazing ideas from y'all and riffing on them and hopefully coming up with ways to improve my system throughout time. And as time continues, the system will change. It has to change. And now we have a journey and a way to document and catalog it, but to share it also with our friends. And again, friends, that being you, the people listening right now. Yes, we're so excited that you get to join us on this journey. I've never had a productivity podcast, and I have wanted to do one for many, many years now. I am so excited that this show is what has come from those years of thinking about it. I love what I do and I love how I do it. And more importantly, I love being able to help others. And I think what we can create here is going to be pretty special and pretty magical. And I'm really excited. So at the beginning of every show, we're going to go over our connections. Kathy, what's a connection? Each episode at the end of the show, we're going to talk about a connection that we are going to make with ourselves, with our systems, with our business, with our productivity, and bring an awareness to it, to the situation, whatever is going to happen so that we have a little bit of a challenge for ourselves. So we'll start off each episode talking about what happened on the episode before, just a little bit. And then after that, we are going to cover topics. And do we have topics for you? Oh, goodness. Amazing topics like dealing with jealousy of other people's situations. I don't have that problem. You got that problem. And then what to do when your productivity goes up in flames. A problem I definitely have. I can't stop working. So we'll cover different topics every single week. And we're going to do it from the perspective of this is a way that everyone can improve in some little way, shape and form, which ultimately leads into, you guessed it, a new connection. That's why the show is called Conduit. It's all about the connections. We're so excited to really be able to bring you into this conversation as well. We know how personal productivity is. And because of that, we want to know how you're doing. We want to hear your connections. We want to hear if something that we randomly managed to say affected you and helped change your productivity for the better or for the worse, let's be honest. When things don't work and that's okay. And it's important to be able to know what doesn't work as well as what does work. And so we are creating the option to have the hashtag my conduit on Twitter at conduit FM, or feel free to bring it up in the relay discord where we can pull that information in and be able to connect with your connections. Absolutely. We're here to learn from everyone. That includes you. So please, please share with us. But does that mean we have to do connections now to get ready for episode one? I mean, I feel like that probably is a smart thing to do. We need a lot of practice. And I think I have an idea for my connection. Oh, I want to hear this. You ready? Yeah. I would like to publish this episode. Oh, man, that was going to be my. That's okay. That's okay. That's okay. Because my connection is I'm going to share with everyone on Twitter and probably LinkedIn. Are people still on LinkedIn? Is that a thing still shared anyway? Totally a thing. Not where I am. But I have seen. Yes, it's totally a thing. We're going to spam all the Internet socials to let you know that this is coming. And I've got a twofer because I'm also going to follow at Conduit FM on Twitter and make sure that all of my friends are doing the same. Oh, smart. That's maybe that's a connection that are the people listening can also do. Oh, I like that. We're going to challenge our connections for our connect these. Connect tours. And we'll workshop that. All right. So Jay, I guess there's only one other question to ask. Did we do it? Oh, we con did it.