Hello, beautiful humans. This is my first time using StreamYard, which is very exciting as this is called TeachGentech, learning the tech I am starting this stream because as I've been working on finding more dev roles and going into that type of role, I realized I was like, cool, I have the personality. Yay. I don't know any of the technology whatsoever
I am starting this stream because as I've been working on finding more dev roles and going into that type of role, I realized I was like, cool, I have the personality. Yay. I don't know any of the technology whatsoever So I have been meeting so many kind people that have been open to teaching me about the tech and this happened at a previous role that I was in as learning services where I would take me with all these individuals of the company to teach me about APIs, to teach me about the product and to learn the tech
So I have been meeting so many kind people that have been open to teaching me about the tech and this happened at a previous role that I was in as learning services where I would take me with all these individuals of the company to teach me about APIs, to teach me about the product and to learn the tech And I was like, yo, what if it be so cool if everyone got to learn with me
And I was like, yo, what if it be so cool if everyone got to learn with me And a big portion of that is a lot of times I can understand when a super tech or web developer, a programmer or something like that can describe these topics to me and then I got to describe to someone else and I'm like, I don't, I don't want to 100% fully understand this to be able to recap it
And a big portion of that is a lot of times I can understand when a super tech or web developer, a programmer or something like that can describe these topics to me and then I got to describe to someone else and I'm like, I don't, I don't want to 100% fully understand this to be able to recap it I also know that many, many of us that are in the newbie world are getting stuck and just need somebody to talk to you to get through this to really understand it. For example, I started doing 100 Days of Code
I also know that many, many of us that are in the newbie world are getting stuck and just need somebody to talk to you to get through this to really understand it. For example, I started doing 100 Days of Code I absolutely love the idea behind it and I'm four days in and I'm getting so stuck on classes and job was scripted. Like, that is such a simple thing
I absolutely love the idea behind it and I'm four days in and I'm getting so stuck on classes and job was scripted. Like, that is such a simple thing Why am I getting stuck on something so simple
Why am I getting stuck on something so simple Yet when I've asked one of the beautiful humans that are in this world, they're just like, oh, hey, this is how you break it down or this is how, you know, in other aspects, like how what a documents do for an API and one piece of that was there was a person over at Stoplight when I worked there that were like, yeah, Stoplight does the API design first with the form first and it creates the documents for you instead of having to hire someone that after the API was created, being able to go do all the documentation and I was like, I was with Stoplight almost eight months before I understood that and I was like, yo, I want to break this stuff down and have people along for the journey
Yet when I've asked one of the beautiful humans that are in this world, they're just like, oh, hey, this is how you break it down or this is how, you know, in other aspects, like how what a documents do for an API and one piece of that was there was a person over at Stoplight when I worked there that were like, yeah, Stoplight does the API design first with the form first and it creates the documents for you instead of having to hire someone that after the API was created, being able to go do all the documentation and I was like, I was with Stoplight almost eight months before I understood that and I was like, yo, I want to break this stuff down and have people along for the journey Tomorrow is the actual first peer programming and what peer programming is for those who don't know it is it's where you, there's two people programming together. One is teaching the other. So I will be making the mistakes live. Well, somebody is teaching me how to do this
Tomorrow is the actual first peer programming and what peer programming is for those who don't know it is it's where you, there's two people programming together. One is teaching the other. So I will be making the mistakes live. Well, somebody is teaching me how to do this So we will learn together and as always, please, please comment and let us know what questions you have because and then no question is to dumb
So we will learn together and as always, please, please comment and let us know what questions you have because and then no question is to dumb I like to use the term all bus check myself, meaning that there's a term that colloquialism that some might have heard of of throwing someone else under the bus, you know, showing up that it was their fault and I'm like, I'll just bus check myself because what that does is I'll ask the silly questions, the dumb questions, the questions that just feel like, you know, aren't clicking because I want to learn, I want to understand all of this and I can only imagine how there has to be more people than me that are getting stuck on this entire world, especially with APIs because that was the trick you wanted to say the least
I like to use the term all bus check myself, meaning that there's a term that colloquialism that some might have heard of of throwing someone else under the bus, you know, showing up that it was their fault and I'm like, I'll just bus check myself because what that does is I'll ask the silly questions, the dumb questions, the questions that just feel like, you know, aren't clicking because I want to learn, I want to understand all of this and I can only imagine how there has to be more people than me that are getting stuck on this entire world, especially with APIs because that was the trick you wanted to say the least I am excited to see you tomorrow. The first one is going to be at 2 p.m. Pacific and that is at 5 p.m. Eastern and I look forward to seeing you all tomorrow. Bye!
I am excited to see you tomorrow. The first one is going to be at 2 p.m. Pacific and that is at 5 p.m. Eastern and I look forward to seeing you all tomorrow. Bye!