excited. Hello, hello beautiful humans. I'm totally new to this live thing so we are, I'm checking out and making sure it's actually showing up on like the Twitters and LinkedIn and that kind of thing. Oh, it is how exciting and creepy of looking at yourself on Twitter Yes, definitely mute your windows. Yes, yes, and thank you Yara for joining us today. Please introduce yourself and what you'll be teaching me today. Yeah, happy to be here. My name is Yara Swikula. I'm a developer advocate, a company called MAPDIN
Yes, definitely mute your windows. Yes, yes, and thank you Yara for joining us today. Please introduce yourself and what you'll be teaching me today. Yeah, happy to be here. My name is Yara Swikula. I'm a developer advocate, a company called MAPDIN I've been a developer professionally, I would say, for four years or so, but I've always had that as a hobby. Today, I figured we'll take a look at code sandbox. That's an online coding environment where it's really easy to get started
I've been a developer professionally, I would say, for four years or so, but I've always had that as a hobby. Today, I figured we'll take a look at code sandbox. That's an online coding environment where it's really easy to get started You get to do visual stuff with JavaScript to HTML, CSS there and you see their feedback immediately. So I feel like that's a really great way for beginners to start coding when they get to see the results of what they do. Yes, thank you
You get to do visual stuff with JavaScript to HTML, CSS there and you see their feedback immediately. So I feel like that's a really great way for beginners to start coding when they get to see the results of what they do. Yes, thank you And as a bit of background, because this is, this is how I've met so many of our upcoming guests is I love public speaking, going to events, talking to everyone and one role that I really wanted to go into is developer relations, also known as DevRoll or developer advocate or developer evangelist
And as a bit of background, because this is, this is how I've met so many of our upcoming guests is I love public speaking, going to events, talking to everyone and one role that I really wanted to go into is developer relations, also known as DevRoll or developer advocate or developer evangelist There are a lot of names for the role and it's different at every company what it does and you are one of the kind people that talked to me about it
There are a lot of names for the role and it's different at every company what it does and you are one of the kind people that talked to me about it First, I'm curious, could you explain to everyone what you do with your role? Yeah, so in my role and this really depends on companies, but my role is a lot of technical customer support, helping our customers use our SDK
First, I'm curious, could you explain to everyone what you do with your role? Yeah, so in my role and this really depends on companies, but my role is a lot of technical customer support, helping our customers use our SDK So we have a product that software developers used to put indoor maps on websites or applications on mobile and my job is to help them make sure that they're successful on the technical side of things
So we have a product that software developers used to put indoor maps on websites or applications on mobile and my job is to help them make sure that they're successful on the technical side of things So that also involves creating demos for our sales team to show off what our technology can do and then of course putting content on our developer portal website that is aimed towards the developer audience of our customers where they can see examples of the basic functionality of what you can do with our products
So that also involves creating demos for our sales team to show off what our technology can do and then of course putting content on our developer portal website that is aimed towards the developer audience of our customers where they can see examples of the basic functionality of what you can do with our products Very cool, thank you
Very cool, thank you And for something that I've been seen in the developer relations world is you've also done a bit of marketing and there's a bit of so many of that human aspect as well and I absolutely love that because it's like cool, you know how to you've had to learn how to break it down for people which I know can be a challenge even for myself
And for something that I've been seen in the developer relations world is you've also done a bit of marketing and there's a bit of so many of that human aspect as well and I absolutely love that because it's like cool, you know how to you've had to learn how to break it down for people which I know can be a challenge even for myself I'm like I used to work at an API spec company and trying to explain that to my mother is very marrying too cold because what is an API? Application programming interface. What? You know, two softwares work together. It's great
I'm like I used to work at an API spec company and trying to explain that to my mother is very marrying too cold because what is an API? Application programming interface. What? You know, two softwares work together. It's great It's great. And then a spec, I'm like it's your blueprints like think of your blueprint for the house. It's like the blueprint for this application you've been developed
It's great. And then a spec, I'm like it's your blueprints like think of your blueprint for the house. It's like the blueprint for this application you've been developed And yet you mentioned something as well that I'm like I don't even know how I would explain that to my mom of what's an SDK? Yeah. And that's actually one of the questions that I also have to answer quite a lot when I try to explain what I do
And yet you mentioned something as well that I'm like I don't even know how I would explain that to my mom of what's an SDK? Yeah. And that's actually one of the questions that I also have to answer quite a lot when I try to explain what I do So if I was talking to a completely like very non-technical person someone who you can use a computer but not actually doing anything building with it. So I would say an SDK is a library or contained piece of code that helps you do something specific with it
So if I was talking to a completely like very non-technical person someone who you can use a computer but not actually doing anything building with it. So I would say an SDK is a library or contained piece of code that helps you do something specific with it So for example, you want to use in this case where I work I always use that as an example. So you want to put those maps on your websites but you don't want to build them from scratch. That's a lot of work. There's a lot of things that go into it
So for example, you want to use in this case where I work I always use that as an example. So you want to put those maps on your websites but you don't want to build them from scratch. That's a lot of work. There's a lot of things that go into it You know, you have to figure out what your data looks like, what is all the data that you need for that, and then how do you render that? So when you take an SDK, that means some other developer has already done a lot of work to answer a lot of those questions for you
You know, you have to figure out what your data looks like, what is all the data that you need for that, and then how do you render that? So when you take an SDK, that means some other developer has already done a lot of work to answer a lot of those questions for you Put them in a package and then that's kind of like an abstraction that hides those details away from you and then gives you an API that you can work with on a higher level
Put them in a package and then that's kind of like an abstraction that hides those details away from you and then gives you an API that you can work with on a higher level So you don't need to worry about how are things rendered? How does that happen? You just tell that that's what you want to happen. Interesting
So you don't need to worry about how are things rendered? How does that happen? You just tell that that's what you want to happen. Interesting Interesting. I remember my time at Stoplight and I had to talk to a lot of the engineers working on a launching training program and asking every single developer or engineer what and the difference between SDK and a API
Interesting. I remember my time at Stoplight and I had to talk to a lot of the engineers working on a launching training program and asking every single developer or engineer what and the difference between SDK and a API That was a lot of fun hearing all the answers because it's the same with like developer relations. People are like what? They're all different, mattering on the company, mattering on the team, mattering on what they're working on. And I think that is such a fun part of the technology world
That was a lot of fun hearing all the answers because it's the same with like developer relations. People are like what? They're all different, mattering on the company, mattering on the team, mattering on what they're working on. And I think that is such a fun part of the technology world Yet giant reason is like we're talking about JavaScript and you said that we're going to use it on code sandbox. Yet there are so many different coding languages. And while I was on my journey to like go okay cool I'm going to start learning the code just so I can get this job I really want
Yet giant reason is like we're talking about JavaScript and you said that we're going to use it on code sandbox. Yet there are so many different coding languages. And while I was on my journey to like go okay cool I'm going to start learning the code just so I can get this job I really want And people would be like well it matters if you're going to be a full stack engineer or not. And I'm like oh what? And so let's see if I can explain this right. So front end developer or engineer are people that develop the like the websites the way make it look pretty kind of thing
And people would be like well it matters if you're going to be a full stack engineer or not. And I'm like oh what? And so let's see if I can explain this right. So front end developer or engineer are people that develop the like the websites the way make it look pretty kind of thing And then a backend engineer is who creates the actual product. Is that a good way of explaining the two? Yeah I think the front end is well explained. I think some front end engineers though might might get offended. The bare part is not the actual product. Mabad
And then a backend engineer is who creates the actual product. Is that a good way of explaining the two? Yeah I think the front end is well explained. I think some front end engineers though might might get offended. The bare part is not the actual product. Mabad Mabad. Because the backend takes care of the data and making sure things happen that need to happen. A lot of like going to the database, modifying that data, making sure that it's fit to be displayed and all that. So there's a lot of that kind of work there. And it depends
Mabad. Because the backend takes care of the data and making sure things happen that need to happen. A lot of like going to the database, modifying that data, making sure that it's fit to be displayed and all that. So there's a lot of that kind of work there. And it depends And it depends. It's a thing that's also in motion. It's changes what things happen in the backend and front end. But if we think about it really is technically from technical perspective. I would say front end is what is being run in your browser. And that is definitely the UI and all that stuff
And it depends. It's a thing that's also in motion. It's changes what things happen in the backend and front end. But if we think about it really is technically from technical perspective. I would say front end is what is being run in your browser. And that is definitely the UI and all that stuff But then the nowadays with frameworks like React, a lot of that logic on business logic on what is displayed there? Like do you have a message box or something like that or newsfeed of items using Facebook here as an example? Because they came up with React
But then the nowadays with frameworks like React, a lot of that logic on business logic on what is displayed there? Like do you have a message box or something like that or newsfeed of items using Facebook here as an example? Because they came up with React Those are very big pieces of code that have a lot of logic in themselves that are not just about how it looks like. But it's also about how to deal with that. And then the backend is what happens on the server side. Got it. And to put the two together, that's what full stack means
Those are very big pieces of code that have a lot of logic in themselves that are not just about how it looks like. But it's also about how to deal with that. And then the backend is what happens on the server side. Got it. And to put the two together, that's what full stack means Is it someone that can do front end and back ends? That's right. There's a lot of these frameworks these days that make it easier to be a full stack developer. Of course, a lot of businesses and startups are popping up and they want to get started fast
Is it someone that can do front end and back ends? That's right. There's a lot of these frameworks these days that make it easier to be a full stack developer. Of course, a lot of businesses and startups are popping up and they want to get started fast And how do you do that? Well, you hope that one person can do everything. Right? So in order for them to do everything and they need to have, they need to be able to do that fast on every place
And how do you do that? Well, you hope that one person can do everything. Right? So in order for them to do everything and they need to have, they need to be able to do that fast on every place So there are like CSS frameworks that make it fast for you to do something beautiful in the front end side. And then there's on the backend side, there are frameworks like next JS. We can have a look at later or put in the notes somewhere for people to look at
So there are like CSS frameworks that make it fast for you to do something beautiful in the front end side. And then there's on the backend side, there are frameworks like next JS. We can have a look at later or put in the notes somewhere for people to look at That is, that makes a lot of things easier on the backend side. So you don't have to build everything from scratch
That is, that makes a lot of things easier on the backend side. So you don't have to build everything from scratch And that comes to the idea of SDKs as well, which is like an abstraction, taking some piece of big piece of code and making it so that the application developer doesn't have to worry about it
And that comes to the idea of SDKs as well, which is like an abstraction, taking some piece of big piece of code and making it so that the application developer doesn't have to worry about it In this case, full stack developer doesn't have to worry about how to cache something, for example, or things like that that are very difficult to do, like difficult problems
In this case, full stack developer doesn't have to worry about how to cache something, for example, or things like that that are very difficult to do, like difficult problems I understood a lot of what you're saying yet at the same time is if somebody were to ask me, I don't think I'd paraphrase it very well. So I appreciate that user probably questions, I'm going to be asking again and again for a while till it sticks
I understood a lot of what you're saying yet at the same time is if somebody were to ask me, I don't think I'd paraphrase it very well. So I appreciate that user probably questions, I'm going to be asking again and again for a while till it sticks I would say something that does come to mind with frameworks. And see if I explain this one right is there is a, so you have your coding languages and then you have frameworks that can be put on top of those coding languages to make them faster, like react
I would say something that does come to mind with frameworks. And see if I explain this one right is there is a, so you have your coding languages and then you have frameworks that can be put on top of those coding languages to make them faster, like react Yeah, so if what happened with React, for example, is that it makes it easier for you to build interactive front-end applications and manage the state and the data that's there. Easier than just doing with JavaScript itself. And that's why they exist
Yeah, so if what happened with React, for example, is that it makes it easier for you to build interactive front-end applications and manage the state and the data that's there. Easier than just doing with JavaScript itself. And that's why they exist And so you kind of trade a little bit of freedom of doing whatever you want to do, however you want to do, for getting some pieces of the puzzle already pre-built for you. Interesting
And so you kind of trade a little bit of freedom of doing whatever you want to do, however you want to do, for getting some pieces of the puzzle already pre-built for you. Interesting Okay, one day we're going to have someone come on and talk about GraphQL because during the API days interface conference, when I was MC, they were talking about GraphQL and I was just like, you were speaking another language to me, like figuratively, like, you know, it is a coding language, but also I just didn't even click what it did
Okay, one day we're going to have someone come on and talk about GraphQL because during the API days interface conference, when I was MC, they were talking about GraphQL and I was just like, you were speaking another language to me, like figuratively, like, you know, it is a coding language, but also I just didn't even click what it did So, yeah, I'll be watching that one for sure. I've touched GraphQL a couple of times, but it's definitely not my expertise. I totally get that. All right, so into the nitty-gritty of JavaScript on Code Sandbox, what are we doing today? All right, yeah
So, yeah, I'll be watching that one for sure. I've touched GraphQL a couple of times, but it's definitely not my expertise. I totally get that. All right, so into the nitty-gritty of JavaScript on Code Sandbox, what are we doing today? All right, yeah So like I said, Code Sandbox is like an interactive online coding environment, and one of the best part of it, so that is that it's out of the box, it's very multiplayer experience. Okay. So, if you share your screen and start the Code Sandbox.io, now we can get started there. Pretty
So like I said, Code Sandbox is like an interactive online coding environment, and one of the best part of it, so that is that it's out of the box, it's very multiplayer experience. Okay. So, if you share your screen and start the Code Sandbox.io, now we can get started there. Pretty Pretty. Great sandbox, I'm guessing. Yeah, I think that works. Yeah, and then we want to be signed in, I think, yeah, because this might be a good idea to sign in. I'm not sure if you can share it. I'll try. Let's find out. And I'm very excited because we're going to have Resolve from GitHub
Pretty. Great sandbox, I'm guessing. Yeah, I think that works. Yeah, and then we want to be signed in, I think, yeah, because this might be a good idea to sign in. I'm not sure if you can share it. I'll try. Let's find out. And I'm very excited because we're going to have Resolve from GitHub Come on at a time. And so that way, we can also learn about GitHub, because that's been a confusing matter for me too. Yeah, GitHub is one of those things that definitely are very helpful for developers to get a hang on very early in their careers now
Come on at a time. And so that way, we can also learn about GitHub, because that's been a confusing matter for me too. Yeah, GitHub is one of those things that definitely are very helpful for developers to get a hang on very early in their careers now Yeah, we're just going to, oh wait, I need to invite someone. Oh, you're not going to let me. Okay, we're just going to set up. Yeah, it was just pictures of what you can do. So create a sandbox. So what we actually see here is a whole bunch of different starters
Yeah, we're just going to, oh wait, I need to invite someone. Oh, you're not going to let me. Okay, we're just going to set up. Yeah, it was just pictures of what you can do. So create a sandbox. So what we actually see here is a whole bunch of different starters So basically these are templates that have already a little bit of code in them so that we can get started easier. You can see there's React, Apollo, what else do we have? Viewpress, P5.js. So all kinds of different things there. You'll eventually, I'm sure you'll run into most of these things
So basically these are templates that have already a little bit of code in them so that we can get started easier. You can see there's React, Apollo, what else do we have? Viewpress, P5.js. So all kinds of different things there. You'll eventually, I'm sure you'll run into most of these things Yeah. And definitely go exploring as well. That's part of the fun of being a programmer. Once you get more and more into things, you just learn by tinkering with things that you've never touched before. So today, though, we want to do vanilla JavaScript. And that starts something for us. Maybe
Yeah. And definitely go exploring as well. That's part of the fun of being a programmer. Once you get more and more into things, you just learn by tinkering with things that you've never touched before. So today, though, we want to do vanilla JavaScript. And that starts something for us. Maybe Maybe. It takes a little bit time. So what's happening? It's downloading a bunch of files. So there's a share link there. If you could, yeah, this is sharing in terms of, now you build something cool after and you're like, hey, everybody, look at what I did
Maybe. It takes a little bit time. So what's happening? It's downloading a bunch of files. So there's a share link there. If you could, yeah, this is sharing in terms of, now you build something cool after and you're like, hey, everybody, look at what I did So maybe afterwards, we post this on Twitter, whatever we end up putting on this web page today. Got it. And talking about Twitter, I'll just send you this link on Twitter really quick. Yeah. I think I might need another link, though, from the left side. So I'll explain that
So maybe afterwards, we post this on Twitter, whatever we end up putting on this web page today. Got it. And talking about Twitter, I'll just send you this link on Twitter really quick. Yeah. I think I might need another link, though, from the left side. So I'll explain that So there is the two people icon on the left side menu. So in order for me to join, I would need that link. And then both of us are there. And then because now some other people might see the link as well, I think we'll be in a classroom mode so that you get to decide who can edit it. Oh, yeah
So there is the two people icon on the left side menu. So in order for me to join, I would need that link. And then both of us are there. And then because now some other people might see the link as well, I think we'll be in a classroom mode so that you get to decide who can edit it. Oh, yeah Oh, yeah. Yeah. So now you can see see me there. But if you make me an editor, then I can also edit the code in front of you so we can do that together in case there's some. Be getter there. Yay. Yes. All right. Now we're set up. So that was pretty fast
Oh, yeah. Yeah. So now you can see see me there. But if you make me an editor, then I can also edit the code in front of you so we can do that together in case there's some. Be getter there. Yay. Yes. All right. Now we're set up. So that was pretty fast Like, now we have a full, full-blown coding environment here. We have in the left side, we have some options and we can look at the files. We can search the files. Then there's some settings and configuration files that we don't need today
Like, now we have a full, full-blown coding environment here. We have in the left side, we have some options and we can look at the files. We can search the files. Then there's some settings and configuration files that we don't need today But these are the ways, for example, if you wanted to deploy this somewhere really later, for example, Netlify, which can host JavaScript and HTML projects with just a few button clicks, that would take care of for you. GitHub
But these are the ways, for example, if you wanted to deploy this somewhere really later, for example, Netlify, which can host JavaScript and HTML projects with just a few button clicks, that would take care of for you. GitHub GitHub. So if we wanted this to be on GitHub so that you can edit from there, do pull, re-question, all that, that's something to look at in the future as well. And here's the deployment part. So very cool. Yeah. And then just like we were saying earlier, this is where we add new individuals. Yeah
GitHub. So if we wanted this to be on GitHub so that you can edit from there, do pull, re-question, all that, that's something to look at in the future as well. And here's the deployment part. So very cool. Yeah. And then just like we were saying earlier, this is where we add new individuals. Yeah Yeah. That's right. So that's kind of the sidebar options there. In the middle, we have our code. So if you open the one with the files in it, you can, that's probably the most helpful one of these
Yeah. That's right. So that's kind of the sidebar options there. In the middle, we have our code. So if you open the one with the files in it, you can, that's probably the most helpful one of these So here, I think the first thing we should do is go through the files and kind of see what's where and what feels familiar to you, what you've seen before and what you would guess that they do. Okay. I will say I've seen an index.js
So here, I think the first thing we should do is go through the files and kind of see what's where and what feels familiar to you, what you've seen before and what you would guess that they do. Okay. I will say I've seen an index.jsjs. And that's, if I remember correctly, because I did start a JavaScript course, well, but only a few days in, but the index is what's going to, like if you had different class files, different.js files, you would put them all in the index to call. I think
js. And that's, if I remember correctly, because I did start a JavaScript course, well, but only a few days in, but the index is what's going to, like if you had different class files, different.js files, you would put them all in the index to call. I think I think. And index is usually what we call that the starting or the first first file or where things then go deeper from. So that's where you would import everything else that you're working on. Like if you had classes or something. Okay. And then I'm only guessing on styles.css
I think. And index is usually what we call that the starting or the first first file or where things then go deeper from. So that's where you would import everything else that you're working on. Like if you had classes or something. Okay. And then I'm only guessing on styles.csscss. That's probably where we would put any colors or that kind of thing. Yeah. Text. Yay. So here, here we can see for the HTML body, we put the font family to be a sensory font. That will take the sensory front of your system default, I think
css. That's probably where we would put any colors or that kind of thing. Yeah. Text. Yay. So here, here we can see for the HTML body, we put the font family to be a sensory font. That will take the sensory front of your system default, I think And then just display that one system, browser default or something on that. And then display that. Do you want to change the color of that font already? Sure. All right. So just in there and a new line and you write color
And then just display that one system, browser default or something on that. And then display that. Do you want to change the color of that font already? Sure. All right. So just in there and a new line and you write color No, no use here, even though I am in Canada, do have to write with just the old and then a colon and let's see what happens. Oh, and it even has what they all can be used. All right. So yeah, there's definitely a lot of default colors that you can use. This is called like IntelliSense
No, no use here, even though I am in Canada, do have to write with just the old and then a colon and let's see what happens. Oh, and it even has what they all can be used. All right. So yeah, there's definitely a lot of default colors that you can use. This is called like IntelliSense I think is then the, I don't know if it's the brand name or whatever, but basically it's telling you the options you have here. It's kind of giving you a hint of what you could put there. And right now, so just to we're writing in HTML. Yeah. So this is CSS. Okay. I don't even see us. Yeah. Cool
I think is then the, I don't know if it's the brand name or whatever, but basically it's telling you the options you have here. It's kind of giving you a hint of what you could put there. And right now, so just to we're writing in HTML. Yeah. So this is CSS. Okay. I don't even see us. Yeah. Cool Yeah. Cool. Just making sure I'm falling along. Yeah. And CSS is cascading style sheets. And mostly they are used and end the sentence with the same semicolon at the end. Okay. I will once I switch that color because it was really hard to read. It was a bit too bright. Yeah. Too bright. Too bright
Yeah. Cool. Just making sure I'm falling along. Yeah. And CSS is cascading style sheets. And mostly they are used and end the sentence with the same semicolon at the end. Okay. I will once I switch that color because it was really hard to read. It was a bit too bright. Yeah. Too bright. Too bright Too bright. Let's go not so we'll go with the dark purple. Perfect. And semicolon. That one. There you go. Sweet. And then hit command save and your keyboard and that saves your changes. You're able to see the next file name, the style CSS on the top bar. It changes from a circle to an X
Too bright. Let's go not so we'll go with the dark purple. Perfect. And semicolon. That one. There you go. Sweet. And then hit command save and your keyboard and that saves your changes. You're able to see the next file name, the style CSS on the top bar. It changes from a circle to an X So that's how you know you have unsafe changes there. Okay. Yeah. In just in CSS and in if I wanted to, could I create another body and put the color in another section of the body or would I always have to put it next to other pieces of the body? Yeah. That's a good question
So that's how you know you have unsafe changes there. Okay. Yeah. In just in CSS and in if I wanted to, could I create another body and put the color in another section of the body or would I always have to put it next to other pieces of the body? Yeah. That's a good question So right now there is only one element on the HTML page. And that's the body. We can go have a, well, there's a couple of elements, but let's go have a look actually. And but definitely you can edit other elements as well. Those are the body there is called a selector
So right now there is only one element on the HTML page. And that's the body. We can go have a, well, there's a couple of elements, but let's go have a look actually. And but definitely you can edit other elements as well. Those are the body there is called a selector And that defines which elements your styles apply to. And in this case, this is now the HTML file. So if you look at you can find the body element in here. So this is kind of like a three of elements. And there's the body. That's the end tag and that's the start tag of the body element
And that defines which elements your styles apply to. And in this case, this is now the HTML file. So if you look at you can find the body element in here. So this is kind of like a three of elements. And there's the body. That's the end tag and that's the start tag of the body element So if we wanted to, we could add a head in the styles.css to change information on that piece of yeah head is metadata. So that's not displayed or rendered in any way, but okay. Maybe we'll add something here and then see how we can change that how that looks
So if we wanted to, we could add a head in the styles.css to change information on that piece of yeah head is metadata. So that's not displayed or rendered in any way, but okay. Maybe we'll add something here and then see how we can change that how that looks So underneath where in the body, under the div where div ID app, so make a new line there. And let's do a button. So start with the open a new tag and write, write button. So like this. Yeah. And then close it, close that. And then you have to end that tag as well
So underneath where in the body, under the div where div ID app, so make a new line there. And let's do a button. So start with the open a new tag and write, write button. So like this. Yeah. And then close it, close that. And then you have to end that tag as well Same way as as you've done with the div above. Not now that we're in HTML land, we end things with like you see in the line above. Oh, okay. Like this. There you go. And it's already suggesting. I'll just suggesting that. The option for you. Okay. There you go. So we don't see quite anything yet
Same way as as you've done with the div above. Not now that we're in HTML land, we end things with like you see in the line above. Oh, okay. Like this. There you go. And it's already suggesting. I'll just suggesting that. The option for you. Okay. There you go. So we don't see quite anything yet I think there might be maybe something there, but that's because we don't have any text inside the button. So no, no. I'm just going to try and move it. Maybe, um, click me. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I'm not serious now. It should move. Yeah. There is a spot. All right
I think there might be maybe something there, but that's because we don't have any text inside the button. So no, no. I'm just going to try and move it. Maybe, um, click me. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I'm not serious now. It should move. Yeah. There is a spot. All right All right. So now we've created another element on the page. Save the, save the index HTML and we can go back into the styles, styles page and see how we could edit. Now if we wanted to edit that button, how we would edit edit a button? So would it be like this? That would be it. Okay
All right. So now we've created another element on the page. Save the, save the index HTML and we can go back into the styles, styles page and see how we could edit. Now if we wanted to edit that button, how we would edit edit a button? So would it be like this? That would be it. Okay Okay. There you go. You make this one a really annoying color. Oh, yes. Um, probably want to change the background color as well. So that would be background dash color. Maybe this is dark or. Oh, okay. I like how this one like helps you guess them. Yeah
Okay. There you go. You make this one a really annoying color. Oh, yes. Um, probably want to change the background color as well. So that would be background dash color. Maybe this is dark or. Oh, okay. I like how this one like helps you guess them. Yeah Yeah. So it knows what the valid values in many places in your code are and then suggests those valid values for you. And that is very nice. It helps you get started a lot faster. You don't have to be googling what the valid values or options would be in many situations. Oh, this is so cool
Yeah. So it knows what the valid values in many places in your code are and then suggests those valid values for you. And that is very nice. It helps you get started a lot faster. You don't have to be googling what the valid values or options would be in many situations. Oh, this is so cool Oh, and you can click back and forth up here too. And then if we wanted to have this hyperlink somewhere, I doubt it's going to let me you know, highlight it and right click for link. How do you actually create a link so it could go somewhere kind of like the here. All right. Yeah
Oh, and you can click back and forth up here too. And then if we wanted to have this hyperlink somewhere, I doubt it's going to let me you know, highlight it and right click for link. How do you actually create a link so it could go somewhere kind of like the here. All right. Yeah All right. Yeah. Let's let's create something underneath the button then. And it will be called an anchor tag. So that's just an a tag. That's right. Actually forgot that I can I can edit here as well. Yeah. Oh, thank you. Go. All right. All right. All right. I'm my turn. Okay
All right. Yeah. Let's let's create something underneath the button then. And it will be called an anchor tag. So that's just an a tag. That's right. Actually forgot that I can I can edit here as well. Yeah. Oh, thank you. Go. All right. All right. All right. I'm my turn. Okay I'm my turn. Okay. So we will add an anchor tag here. And then we'll close it. Now we don't see anything yet. All right. This is a link. Now it's not clickable yet, right? Nothing happens if if you click a link click it now. So we need to we need to make sure it's clickable
I'm my turn. Okay. So we will add an anchor tag here. And then we'll close it. Now we don't see anything yet. All right. This is a link. Now it's not clickable yet, right? Nothing happens if if you click a link click it now. So we need to we need to make sure it's clickable In order to do that, we give it a href. So where do we want it to link to? So in this case, I can put Google here, but maybe you put your your website there or something like that. Right. Okay. Uh-huh. It broke. All right. I think that's great. We found our first error message
In order to do that, we give it a href. So where do we want it to link to? So in this case, I can put Google here, but maybe you put your your website there or something like that. Right. Okay. Uh-huh. It broke. All right. I think that's great. We found our first error message Ended up with our first error message. So it looks like it wants us to add HTTPS there. Uh, okay. So it was it was kind of weirded out by the path joins we had there. It was interpreting it in a different way. So we wanted to have the HTTPS in the beginning
Ended up with our first error message. So it looks like it wants us to add HTTPS there. Uh, okay. So it was it was kind of weirded out by the path joins we had there. It was interpreting it in a different way. So we wanted to have the HTTPS in the beginning And if we go back to that error, is there something that I could have known that that was the error because I feel like that's something that I get really confused on is it, you know, it's not saying it's just a module in path. It doesn't necessarily say, oh, it's because the HTTPS is missing
And if we go back to that error, is there something that I could have known that that was the error because I feel like that's something that I get really confused on is it, you know, it's not saying it's just a module in path. It doesn't necessarily say, oh, it's because the HTTPS is missing Yeah, I think I think in this case, um, it's not the perfect error like it doesn't really. I'm just going to Google it. Help with that. See what if anything comes up. Because this is this is also, I think, very related to the environment that we're working in code sandbox. Okay
Yeah, I think I think in this case, um, it's not the perfect error like it doesn't really. I'm just going to Google it. Help with that. See what if anything comes up. Because this is this is also, I think, very related to the environment that we're working in code sandbox. Okay Okay. And the way it handles handles this type of situation. Um, the way the reason I realized what was going on was because it should not be looking for a module path and it's looking for something relative to index.html
Okay. And the way it handles handles this type of situation. Um, the way the reason I realized what was going on was because it should not be looking for a module path and it's looking for something relative to index.htmlhtml. So I realized that it's trying to find a relative path from our current file. And so for example, if we had another HTML file, let's say contact us page, contact us HTML, we could have that here and that would then be contact us.html. And then we would create one file here
html. So I realized that it's trying to find a relative path from our current file. And so for example, if we had another HTML file, let's say contact us page, contact us HTML, we could have that here and that would then be contact us.html. And then we would create one file here Over here on the site, contact us HTML. Interesting. Okay. I guess in this case it would be source contact us HTML. And then if it's clicked, then that will open that page. It's making enough sense yet at the same time, you know, it's definitely going to take some practice. Yeah
Over here on the site, contact us HTML. Interesting. Okay. I guess in this case it would be source contact us HTML. And then if it's clicked, then that will open that page. It's making enough sense yet at the same time, you know, it's definitely going to take some practice. Yeah Yeah. There's a lot of things here that we're looking at right now. And um, because like you noticed, there's like CSS, there's HTML and then there's, we haven't actually even written any JavaScript yet. So we're just kind of looking at yeah, element on this page
Yeah. There's a lot of things here that we're looking at right now. And um, because like you noticed, there's like CSS, there's HTML and then there's, we haven't actually even written any JavaScript yet. So we're just kind of looking at yeah, element on this page And this is a big reason and I appreciate your time today because it's like, where do individuals start? Like when I asked everyone, I was like, Hey, what, uh, what language should I learn first? Yes, the majority said like got to JavaScript, but so many of them were like Python or even CSS
And this is a big reason and I appreciate your time today because it's like, where do individuals start? Like when I asked everyone, I was like, Hey, what, uh, what language should I learn first? Yes, the majority said like got to JavaScript, but so many of them were like Python or even CSS And I'm just like, I need, I don't know. So I just went with JavaScript since that's one of the more popular ones. And it has so many formats to go with it with like react and those type of things. So I was like, I'll start with JavaScript
And I'm just like, I need, I don't know. So I just went with JavaScript since that's one of the more popular ones. And it has so many formats to go with it with like react and those type of things. So I was like, I'll start with JavaScript And I learned that a big reason that it's called vanilla is because JavaScript now has so many of the formats that, not a lot of people use the vanilla, but you'll be, if you know the vanilla, you'll probably be able to figure out all of the other flavors will go away. Yeah
And I learned that a big reason that it's called vanilla is because JavaScript now has so many of the formats that, not a lot of people use the vanilla, but you'll be, if you know the vanilla, you'll probably be able to figure out all of the other flavors will go away. Yeah Yeah. So everything else is built on top of that vanilla JavaScript, indeed. And um, yeah, that is actually that is one of the most difficult questions because there's so many programming languages. There's so many resources available these days
Yeah. So everything else is built on top of that vanilla JavaScript, indeed. And um, yeah, that is actually that is one of the most difficult questions because there's so many programming languages. There's so many resources available these days Um, where do you get started? And um, somebody asked me that the other day and I had to ask them like, it depends what you're interested in
Um, where do you get started? And um, somebody asked me that the other day and I had to ask them like, it depends what you're interested in Like, do you want to make games? Do you want to um, call some, call, call some existing APIs and pull some data about movies and then display them on a web page? Um, what is it that you want to do? What? Because I think one of the most important things about programming is practice and doing it
Like, do you want to make games? Do you want to um, call some, call, call some existing APIs and pull some data about movies and then display them on a web page? Um, what is it that you want to do? What? Because I think one of the most important things about programming is practice and doing it So in order to practice, I think the easiest way to be motivated is to find something that you really want to do. Like, I need this application or or something like that. I want to have this, uh, game or whatever it is. Or I want to do data science
So in order to practice, I think the easiest way to be motivated is to find something that you really want to do. Like, I need this application or or something like that. I want to have this, uh, game or whatever it is. Or I want to do data science I want to figure out, um, you know, what is that? What is the best, um, height level in Minecraft to, to mind diamonds on
I want to figure out, um, you know, what is that? What is the best, um, height level in Minecraft to, to mind diamonds on You know, I didn't even know like, like, I think in the back of my head, yes, I knew you could do all of those things, but I think that's something that's been really hard for myself is I want to learn it to get a job and because in the API world where I've been working the last year and a half or so, it's like, how do I learn more about APIs to know in what language supports those
You know, I didn't even know like, like, I think in the back of my head, yes, I knew you could do all of those things, but I think that's something that's been really hard for myself is I want to learn it to get a job and because in the API world where I've been working the last year and a half or so, it's like, how do I learn more about APIs to know in what language supports those But again, as you are asking, it matters where you are and what you want to learn about the APIs because a lot of individuals that do some data mining, but also do back end, uh, it's Python
But again, as you are asking, it matters where you are and what you want to learn about the APIs because a lot of individuals that do some data mining, but also do back end, uh, it's Python They're like, that's the best one you should learn. And I'm like, I don't, I don't even know what all the options are to know. So, and that's why I really appreciate that we're going through this because it's like, cool, I'm just going to stick with JavaScript to get one started and understood
They're like, that's the best one you should learn. And I'm like, I don't, I don't even know what all the options are to know. So, and that's why I really appreciate that we're going through this because it's like, cool, I'm just going to stick with JavaScript to get one started and understood And then I will start working on a different language eventually. Yeah. And definitely once you've learned one language, it's easy to learn other languages afterwards. Um, I would recommend nine out of 10 times, eight out of 10 times, I would say start with JavaScript
And then I will start working on a different language eventually. Yeah. And definitely once you've learned one language, it's easy to learn other languages afterwards. Um, I would recommend nine out of 10 times, eight out of 10 times, I would say start with JavaScript If nobody, if a person has no idea where to start from, I would say start with JavaScript. Um, one of the big reasons is that the results are very visual. Once you start working on it, like, on a web page or something, it's very shareable
If nobody, if a person has no idea where to start from, I would say start with JavaScript. Um, one of the big reasons is that the results are very visual. Once you start working on it, like, on a web page or something, it's very shareable It runs in your browser so you can show it off to everybody. Um, it's, uh, there's just so many resources about JavaScript YouTube. For example, there's so many, you can learn, learn anything about JavaScript, uh, online
It runs in your browser so you can show it off to everybody. Um, it's, uh, there's just so many resources about JavaScript YouTube. For example, there's so many, you can learn, learn anything about JavaScript, uh, online And, um, with other things like Python, they are, they, they are a little bit more specialized. And JavaScript has, has gone from being, uh, being a language that creates a little bit of interactivity in the browser to something that is now used for full stack applications and everywhere
And, um, with other things like Python, they are, they, they are a little bit more specialized. And JavaScript has, has gone from being, uh, being a language that creates a little bit of interactivity in the browser to something that is now used for full stack applications and everywhere So it is in the front that in our browsers, um, but it is also on the server side, you know, uh, where, where we deal with databases and all that. So it's, it's a good place to get kind of a experience in a language that can be used in a lot of places
So it is in the front that in our browsers, um, but it is also on the server side, you know, uh, where, where we deal with databases and all that. So it's, it's a good place to get kind of a experience in a language that can be used in a lot of places And then once you, once you have that, you can kind of like find out what's interesting to you from there. And then if there is a more specialized language that works for that area, you can go there then. I love that
And then once you, once you have that, you can kind of like find out what's interesting to you from there. And then if there is a more specialized language that works for that area, you can go there then. I love that I love that. And, um, something that you mentioned is there's so much content online about this. And I'm like, yes, there is a lot of content about JavaScript, but I'm so stuck on something
I love that. And, um, something that you mentioned is there's so much content online about this. And I'm like, yes, there is a lot of content about JavaScript, but I'm so stuck on something And that's a big reason, uh, teach genteque was started because it's like, this gives me an opportunity to ask someone like you or people that are more experienced at it going, okay, I am really, really stuck here
And that's a big reason, uh, teach genteque was started because it's like, this gives me an opportunity to ask someone like you or people that are more experienced at it going, okay, I am really, really stuck here And all the Google's and all the Stack Overflow and GitHub is just not making sense where it's normally just like a, oh, I didn't think of it in the same logic because I haven't learned that logic yet to where it sinks in. And I think that's a big piece of everyone listening and watching this
And all the Google's and all the Stack Overflow and GitHub is just not making sense where it's normally just like a, oh, I didn't think of it in the same logic because I haven't learned that logic yet to where it sinks in. And I think that's a big piece of everyone listening and watching this Please comment your questions where you got stuck, where you're wanting help because this is why we're going to have so many different guests from different backgrounds. Like we're going to have someone on from GraphQL or from GitHub. And I think that's one of the most exciting pieces
Please comment your questions where you got stuck, where you're wanting help because this is why we're going to have so many different guests from different backgrounds. Like we're going to have someone on from GraphQL or from GitHub. And I think that's one of the most exciting pieces It's finally, in my mind, finally, having the accessibility to people that already know this day and day out where watching a ton of YouTube videos, I think I spent like four hours trying to figure it out. And I still couldn't like figure out a piece of classes
It's finally, in my mind, finally, having the accessibility to people that already know this day and day out where watching a ton of YouTube videos, I think I spent like four hours trying to figure it out. And I still couldn't like figure out a piece of classes So it was, um, I so appreciate that you're on today. Yeah, it does become a problem kind of like of a tendency kind of like an analysis, paralysis and all that when you see everything like there's so much. And you're like, so what? I need to learn this specific thing
So it was, um, I so appreciate that you're on today. Yeah, it does become a problem kind of like of a tendency kind of like an analysis, paralysis and all that when you see everything like there's so much. And you're like, so what? I need to learn this specific thing How do I go about it? What? Because you kind of don't know what you don't know. And you don't know what you need to know in order to know that thing. So for those type of situations, I would recommend something like free code camp, for example, absolutely brilliant resource. There's so much there
How do I go about it? What? Because you kind of don't know what you don't know. And you don't know what you need to know in order to know that thing. So for those type of situations, I would recommend something like free code camp, for example, absolutely brilliant resource. There's so much there Also in other languages, that kind of has like a curriculum that you can follow and go through the basic concepts of programming. And then, you know, how to do that? How to do those things in JavaScript? Because then, then kind of that kind of teaches you the language you need to understand
Also in other languages, that kind of has like a curriculum that you can follow and go through the basic concepts of programming. And then, you know, how to do that? How to do those things in JavaScript? Because then, then kind of that kind of teaches you the language you need to understand There's a lot of and I'll talk about the programming language, but kind of the language of computer science. And then you can understand what, what do people mean when they talk about loops? Yeah. And just like how we've been, because the dot JS is our JavaScript file, right? Okay
There's a lot of and I'll talk about the programming language, but kind of the language of computer science. And then you can understand what, what do people mean when they talk about loops? Yeah. And just like how we've been, because the dot JS is our JavaScript file, right? Okay So we've literally looked at CSS HTML and each of them are so different on how you put something in on how, you know, they're red. And I think that's something that's so beautiful, yet also makes it more complicated. Because it's like, okay, cool
So we've literally looked at CSS HTML and each of them are so different on how you put something in on how, you know, they're red. And I think that's something that's so beautiful, yet also makes it more complicated. Because it's like, okay, cool I kind of understand HTML yet wait, what? And you don't even realize you're making these mistakes. So like we were talking about with the error. And so I, again, like this is really exciting to be able to learn it. What are some things that we can create in our JavaScript file? Yeah
I kind of understand HTML yet wait, what? And you don't even realize you're making these mistakes. So like we were talking about with the error. And so I, again, like this is really exciting to be able to learn it. What are some things that we can create in our JavaScript file? Yeah Now that we've created a couple of elements in, in the HTML and CSS, I was thinking we could maybe create a couple of links using JavaScript. So first, maybe we, we make a list of your your favorite websites or maybe let's say your YouTube channel and Twitch and Twitter's. Okay
Now that we've created a couple of elements in, in the HTML and CSS, I was thinking we could maybe create a couple of links using JavaScript. So first, maybe we, we make a list of your your favorite websites or maybe let's say your YouTube channel and Twitch and Twitter's. Okay Okay. And we render links for all of those. What if we do that? Let's see how we could do that from JavaScript. All right. That means I actually need to know all of my links, but I'm getting there. All right. All right
Okay. And we render links for all of those. What if we do that? Let's see how we could do that from JavaScript. All right. That means I actually need to know all of my links, but I'm getting there. All right. All right All right. So if, because this other stuff is done, would I create a different, like go down a few and create a different one, or would I put it all within that semicolon? All right. So let's go through what's happening here first. So and then we can figure out what we want to do
All right. So if, because this other stuff is done, would I create a different, like go down a few and create a different one, or would I put it all within that semicolon? All right. So let's go through what's happening here first. So and then we can figure out what we want to do So the first line, import style CSS, that tells our bundler. And bundler is a special JavaScript program that runs before this is served to us and it puts everything together. That's the name bundling, bundler, it puts everything together
So the first line, import style CSS, that tells our bundler. And bundler is a special JavaScript program that runs before this is served to us and it puts everything together. That's the name bundling, bundler, it puts everything together So in this case, it makes sure that our styles are also part of part of the output. Then online tree, we tell JavaScript to get the whole document. So the HTML document. And then find an element with an ID of app inside that document. Okay
So in this case, it makes sure that our styles are also part of part of the output. Then online tree, we tell JavaScript to get the whole document. So the HTML document. And then find an element with an ID of app inside that document. Okay Okay. And then we modify that app elements inner HTML to be what's there right now. So if we copy paste that what's inside there right now, the purple text from line four to nine, let's actually cut that so that it doesn't stay there, but take it like cut it from there
Okay. And then we modify that app elements inner HTML to be what's there right now. So if we copy paste that what's inside there right now, the purple text from line four to nine, let's actually cut that so that it doesn't stay there, but take it like cut it from there Could we also just thinking about it if we do like these, does it make it into comments of no, it doesn't. Okay. It doesn't in this case, it doesn't. And that would be a comment in JavaScript. Okay
Could we also just thinking about it if we do like these, does it make it into comments of no, it doesn't. Okay. It doesn't in this case, it doesn't. And that would be a comment in JavaScript. Okay Okay. However, what? Because it's showing inner HTML, it's not going to work because it's HTML in the purple right right the purple is a string. Okay. So it's like a string string that we're putting in there
Okay. However, what? Because it's showing inner HTML, it's not going to work because it's HTML in the purple right right the purple is a string. Okay. So it's like a string string that we're putting in there But if you cut that out and now go into the index HTML page, you notice that it disappeared already. Right. And then go inside the div ID app that you saw before online nine inside there. Leave that, but the tag itself there
But if you cut that out and now go into the index HTML page, you notice that it disappeared already. Right. And then go inside the div ID app that you saw before online nine inside there. Leave that, but the tag itself there So that's between the start of the starting tag and the end tag of that element right here paste that there and see what happens. If you say if you save the file, we should. Is it because we have too many divs? No, honestly, this is a very small amount of divs. Okay
So that's between the start of the starting tag and the end tag of that element right here paste that there and see what happens. If you say if you save the file, we should. Is it because we have too many divs? No, honestly, this is a very small amount of divs. Okay Okay. Once you get using these frameworks, you'll end up with a lot of divs. Let's save this. Okay. I realized what happened. So go back to our index.js style. So this is actually a good exercise. So what we basically did, we moved that HTML into the HTML file. Right
Okay. Once you get using these frameworks, you'll end up with a lot of divs. Let's save this. Okay. I realized what happened. So go back to our index.js style. So this is actually a good exercise. So what we basically did, we moved that HTML into the HTML file. Right Right. However, this JavaScript file is executed once that index HTML is first rendered, then we execute this piece of code. And this code now says put empty inside the app. Okay. So we would have to delete. Would we delete this line or delete the inner. The dot. Like still
Right. However, this JavaScript file is executed once that index HTML is first rendered, then we execute this piece of code. And this code now says put empty inside the app. Okay. So we would have to delete. Would we delete this line or delete the inner. The dot. Like still Like still. And you were wanting to comment something. So now comment the line number three and then save that. So that is indeed how do you how do you do comments? Now that piece of code is not run. And our results is there. Okay. Because we moved it over to where the HTML file was. Exactly
Like still. And you were wanting to comment something. So now comment the line number three and then save that. So that is indeed how do you how do you do comments? Now that piece of code is not run. And our results is there. Okay. Because we moved it over to where the HTML file was. Exactly Exactly. So it was just rendered there using JavaScript. It was the exact same thing. But that was how JavaScript could modify the HTML of an element on that page. Got it. I'm going back and forth because it's like it's starting to sink in of how we created app
Exactly. So it was just rendered there using JavaScript. It was the exact same thing. But that was how JavaScript could modify the HTML of an element on that page. Got it. I'm going back and forth because it's like it's starting to sink in of how we created app And so it was using app and inserting it there. Okay. If I as long as I don't have to recreate that and do something else, I think I'm starting to follow. All right. Next, let's have a look how we create a list of things. So we're going to make an array in JavaScript
And so it was using app and inserting it there. Okay. If I as long as I don't have to recreate that and do something else, I think I'm starting to follow. All right. Next, let's have a look how we create a list of things. So we're going to make an array in JavaScript Is that familiar to you? No, I was working more with at least as far as I got so far was constants. Constance. All right. Not an array yet. All right. So what kind of constants did you have? You had like numbers and strings and just numbers basically just numbers and a couple colors. Okay. Okay
Is that familiar to you? No, I was working more with at least as far as I got so far was constants. Constance. All right. Not an array yet. All right. So what kind of constants did you have? You had like numbers and strings and just numbers basically just numbers and a couple colors. Okay. Okay Okay. Okay. So an array is also can be a constant. And we say favorite websites here. And then we open it with annual angle brackets. I think they're called angle brackets. I'm not sure. So an inside here, we do a comma separated list of strings in this case
Okay. Okay. So an array is also can be a constant. And we say favorite websites here. And then we open it with annual angle brackets. I think they're called angle brackets. I'm not sure. So an inside here, we do a comma separated list of strings in this case So maybe you put your websites there now. Like it. It's which and twitching YouTube links there in those spots. So this is now this is now an array of strings. If you think about it. So there's like multiple strings in a list there. Okay
So maybe you put your websites there now. Like it. It's which and twitching YouTube links there in those spots. So this is now this is now an array of strings. If you think about it. So there's like multiple strings in a list there. Okay Okay. I'm going and finding the other ones because you know, of course, I'm like, Oh, I don't know what they are up to top of my ad. That's right. And I'll go to our index HTML page and I'll add an element there where we will render those. So I'm grabbing the last two. It's good
Okay. I'm going and finding the other ones because you know, of course, I'm like, Oh, I don't know what they are up to top of my ad. That's right. And I'll go to our index HTML page and I'll add an element there where we will render those. So I'm grabbing the last two. It's good It's good. It gives me a little bit of time to think about how we want to do this. As usual in programming, there's many, many ways. We just have to find the way that's the best way for us today. So there's always tradeoffs and all that. But I think that's a big part of the prior analysis
It's good. It gives me a little bit of time to think about how we want to do this. As usual in programming, there's many, many ways. We just have to find the way that's the best way for us today. So there's always tradeoffs and all that. But I think that's a big part of the prior analysis Two is it's like if you start learning something and you're like, okay, so this teacher is showing you how to do it. Yet they're talking at you because it's, you know, recorded. It's not virtual where you can learn with them
Two is it's like if you start learning something and you're like, okay, so this teacher is showing you how to do it. Yet they're talking at you because it's, you know, recorded. It's not virtual where you can learn with them It's very difficult because when you go to Google things, then they're like, oh, you do it this way, this way, this way. And it's not always at least from a beginner standpoint. I'm just like, I don't know what you just said. I get that it might be a different way, but I don't know why
It's very difficult because when you go to Google things, then they're like, oh, you do it this way, this way, this way. And it's not always at least from a beginner standpoint. I'm just like, I don't know what you just said. I get that it might be a different way, but I don't know why And what it meant compared to like what this specific lesson is talking about. Yeah. And that's, I think that's one of the biggest challenges when you're self-learning. It's understanding the why
And what it meant compared to like what this specific lesson is talking about. Yeah. And that's, I think that's one of the biggest challenges when you're self-learning. It's understanding the why And once you understand the why, then you can figure out, okay, this is the same thing, but in a different way because of XYZ. But if you don't really get that why just yet, and it's the most difficult part is to learn why we're doing things the certain way, then it's kind of, it's tough
And once you understand the why, then you can figure out, okay, this is the same thing, but in a different way because of XYZ. But if you don't really get that why just yet, and it's the most difficult part is to learn why we're doing things the certain way, then it's kind of, it's tough And that's why I do, I do prefer there like learning groups and things like that where people learn these things together, like and peer, peer learning and all that type of stuff. I would recommend that type of things
And that's why I do, I do prefer there like learning groups and things like that where people learn these things together, like and peer, peer learning and all that type of stuff. I would recommend that type of things Not only does it help you motivate yourself, but it also kind of like gives you that peer support, peer feedback and all that when you run into that type of questions. And it's really hard to Google answers
Not only does it help you motivate yourself, but it also kind of like gives you that peer support, peer feedback and all that when you run into that type of questions. And it's really hard to Google answers Like, why is this done this way? Why did this person on YouTube say this and not the other way that I still on a on a on a website? And for the newbies that are listening and watching, feel free to hit me up and join me on one of these because I'll just hopefully hope the guest is okay with it
Like, why is this done this way? Why did this person on YouTube say this and not the other way that I still on a on a on a website? And for the newbies that are listening and watching, feel free to hit me up and join me on one of these because I'll just hopefully hope the guest is okay with it And learn with me because again, I think it's great idea what you just said of learning as a group because this may click with someone else that's as they're saying it or as they're asking a question, I'm like, oh, do that does click. So I really appreciate it
And learn with me because again, I think it's great idea what you just said of learning as a group because this may click with someone else that's as they're saying it or as they're asking a question, I'm like, oh, do that does click. So I really appreciate it It is something I do have a question though because when I was learning about JavaScript and the const, it used the squiggly bracket instead of the square bracket. Does that make a difference? It does make a difference. So let's look at different types of variables
It is something I do have a question though because when I was learning about JavaScript and the const, it used the squiggly bracket instead of the square bracket. Does that make a difference? It does make a difference. So let's look at different types of variables So we can also have number of websites and that is now four. So that's a number variable. And then we can do websites title. My favorite websites. And this is a string variable. All right
So we can also have number of websites and that is now four. So that's a number variable. And then we can do websites title. My favorite websites. And this is a string variable. All right All right. So there's variables are are something that you can refer to in many places in your code so that you don't have to write my favorite websites every time you use that word or that string or this number. And you can put anything in them
All right. So there's variables are are something that you can refer to in many places in your code so that you don't have to write my favorite websites every time you use that word or that string or this number. And you can put anything in them What is it called again? And I know I feel it's like a really simple term where specifically in JavaScript, I don't know if it's in other languages that you type the first word lowercase and then instead of a space, the second word is capitalized. I think this is called camel case
What is it called again? And I know I feel it's like a really simple term where specifically in JavaScript, I don't know if it's in other languages that you type the first word lowercase and then instead of a space, the second word is capitalized. I think this is called camel case Yes, that's what it's called. Thank you. And and Python uses snake case. For example, so there's different different languages have different preferences. Okay. That is good to know as well. In most languages, it doesn't really make a difference. Someone who just does. But okay
Yes, that's what it's called. Thank you. And and Python uses snake case. For example, so there's different different languages have different preferences. Okay. That is good to know as well. In most languages, it doesn't really make a difference. Someone who just does. But okay But okay. Those are kind of conventions that you notice. You have it in languages, but then also when you go into frameworks, the frameworks have their own conventions about certain things. Not necessarily how you capitalize things, but maybe sometimes even even about that
But okay. Those are kind of conventions that you notice. You have it in languages, but then also when you go into frameworks, the frameworks have their own conventions about certain things. Not necessarily how you capitalize things, but maybe sometimes even even about that So for example, react components usually start with a capital letter. Oh, gotcha. Okay. Yeah. But yeah, you were asking about about squiggly. So maybe I'll show that quickly. So here's an object that holds more than one variable inside of it
So for example, react components usually start with a capital letter. Oh, gotcha. Okay. Yeah. But yeah, you were asking about about squiggly. So maybe I'll show that quickly. So here's an object that holds more than one variable inside of it I think I think now is a good time to actually figure out what is a what is a console? So while we're programming, it's sometimes hard to see what is inside which variables and where. So one way of doing debugging and understanding what's going on in your code is to do console log statements
I think I think now is a good time to actually figure out what is a what is a console? So while we're programming, it's sometimes hard to see what is inside which variables and where. So one way of doing debugging and understanding what's going on in your code is to do console log statements So logging out what's happening in your code. So if you look at underneath the white part of the page where you can see the web page, it says console and it has a few notifications there for you. Let's say. There we go. And click that open. Clear. Clear those ones out of there
So logging out what's happening in your code. So if you look at underneath the white part of the page where you can see the web page, it says console and it has a few notifications there for you. Let's say. There we go. And click that open. Clear. Clear those ones out of there Those are again related to the environment earlier when we had trouble with the with the link. So you can clear them from the stop. Is that like a stop sign or something next to where it says filter? Oh, yeah. Okay. There we go
Those are again related to the environment earlier when we had trouble with the with the link. So you can clear them from the stop. Is that like a stop sign or something next to where it says filter? Oh, yeah. Okay. There we go Okay. There we go. And then the problems are this was another thing that kept coming up of it's not a sign of value but never used. Yeah. Is that something that's kind of a clear message or it. It took a lot of Google's and what I came up with is so what was it called? Log like desk. Console
Okay. There we go. And then the problems are this was another thing that kept coming up of it's not a sign of value but never used. Yeah. Is that something that's kind of a clear message or it. It took a lot of Google's and what I came up with is so what was it called? Log like desk. Console Console. Oh, yeah. So write console dot log. And that is a function call. Console console. Let me jump in. Console. So that's how we refer to that console dot log. And then then it was like, yeah, yeah. Guests. There you go. And so it got rid of the one that's for guest
Console. Oh, yeah. So write console dot log. And that is a function call. Console console. Let me jump in. Console. So that's how we refer to that console dot log. And then then it was like, yeah, yeah. Guests. There you go. And so it got rid of the one that's for guest But I guess what I don't understand is when and during the lesson that I was taking it was like at the very beginning, the like favorite website. So you could still look the right click and inspect it and see it yet as time went on, those were no longer it just gave the error of like never used
But I guess what I don't understand is when and during the lesson that I was taking it was like at the very beginning, the like favorite website. So you could still look the right click and inspect it and see it yet as time went on, those were no longer it just gave the error of like never used And I'm like, why was it working? And now it's not working. Yeah. I can explain what what is it trying to say? I'm not sure what happened there like before. So in this case, the problems area is giving you helpful hints that you don't have to follow like nothing, nothing breaks if you don't follow
And I'm like, why was it working? And now it's not working. Yeah. I can explain what what is it trying to say? I'm not sure what happened there like before. So in this case, the problems area is giving you helpful hints that you don't have to follow like nothing, nothing breaks if you don't follow So it's okay that we're not using this variable right now. It's just giving kind of like a hint for us that we're doing something that doesn't kind of make sense, right? So we're assigning variable website title. But then we're not using it anywhere. Okay
So it's okay that we're not using this variable right now. It's just giving kind of like a hint for us that we're doing something that doesn't kind of make sense, right? So we're assigning variable website title. But then we're not using it anywhere. Okay Okay. In this case, now guest is being used because we're at least logging it out. It's not being printed anywhere other than in the console. If you look at that now instead of the problems, you can see it now has the guest there
Okay. In this case, now guest is being used because we're at least logging it out. It's not being printed anywhere other than in the console. If you look at that now instead of the problems, you can see it now has the guest there But at least the code now realizes that you're not only declaring a variable, which is what we're doing here on on lines 5, 12, 13 and 15. We're declaring variables. So we're saying guest now holds this data. Got it
But at least the code now realizes that you're not only declaring a variable, which is what we're doing here on on lines 5, 12, 13 and 15. We're declaring variables. So we're saying guest now holds this data. Got it Got it. If we just declare that and never use it, why did we declare it? That's basically what what it's telling us. Okay. So it's got to like, hey, you know, that Microsoft Word used to have that paperclip that told you helpful things back in the day and then it became a meme
Got it. If we just declare that and never use it, why did we declare it? That's basically what what it's telling us. Okay. So it's got to like, hey, you know, that Microsoft Word used to have that paperclip that told you helpful things back in the day and then it became a meme That's kind of what's happening here. It's like, hey, I know what you're doing, something and I'm going to help you a little bit. And that's why we have those yellows quickly lines under those three variables now. So if you hover over them, you should see the same message there. Oh, cool. Yeah
That's kind of what's happening here. It's like, hey, I know what you're doing, something and I'm going to help you a little bit. And that's why we have those yellows quickly lines under those three variables now. So if you hover over them, you should see the same message there. Oh, cool. Yeah Oh, cool. Yeah. So much learning. So much learning. Okay, cool. Yeah. Clicking to the console underneath the page. So you should be able to see the guest there just to make sure that everything's working. That's the problems and then the console. There you go
Oh, cool. Yeah. So much learning. So much learning. Okay, cool. Yeah. Clicking to the console underneath the page. So you should be able to see the guest there just to make sure that everything's working. That's the problems and then the console. There you go There you go. So now you can see that the guest is there. So when something's not working, it makes sense to try to console log things and see if things are doing what you expect them to. Got it. All right. So I created a new element inside the websites. And inside the index HTML. So I websites
There you go. So now you can see that the guest is there. So when something's not working, it makes sense to try to console log things and see if things are doing what you expect them to. Got it. All right. So I created a new element inside the websites. And inside the index HTML. So I websites So I websites. I created a couple of new ones there. So let's first put the title in there using JavaScript and then we'll put the websites underneath that. And I think that could be that could be our goal, goal for the day. Okay
So I websites. I created a couple of new ones there. So let's first put the title in there using JavaScript and then we'll put the websites underneath that. And I think that could be that could be our goal, goal for the day. Okay Okay. So would it be something kind of like the document that we did earlier for reading it because it's from HTML? Yeah. So now we want to hook into the what is already in the HTML, just like we were doing before with the get element by ID and all that and then the inner HTML. Okay
Okay. So would it be something kind of like the document that we did earlier for reading it because it's from HTML? Yeah. So now we want to hook into the what is already in the HTML, just like we were doing before with the get element by ID and all that and then the inner HTML. Okay Okay. So we called it website title. We would want to do. We're going to find out if I do this right at all. Document. Get. Ah. More case. Yeah.? Outamat Cont. CEO log title? No, dash style. Yeah. And then, X, inner, HTML, you can click the yet, make sure it's right, equals
Okay. So we called it website title. We would want to do. We're going to find out if I do this right at all. Document. Get. Ah. More case. Yeah.? Outamat Cont. CEO log title? No, dash style. Yeah. And then, X, inner, HTML, you can click the yet, make sure it's right, equals And then, I would copy and paste this one down there, or I would put this above that one. Now, now we've declared already the variable, right? Now, we want to use that variable. So, in order to use the value inside that variable, we refer to it with its name, website's title
And then, I would copy and paste this one down there, or I would put this above that one. Now, now we've declared already the variable, right? Now, we want to use that variable. So, in order to use the value inside that variable, we refer to it with its name, website's title So, that's what you would write here. You'll just put website's title. So, now that is the ID of the element. But we want to refer to the variable online, is that line 13? Oh, okay. Yeah. Awesome. So, now we are doing a couple of things here
So, that's what you would write here. You'll just put website's title. So, now that is the ID of the element. But we want to refer to the variable online, is that line 13? Oh, okay. Yeah. Awesome. So, now we are doing a couple of things here If we maybe do a little recap, an unpack of what's happening. We're first getting the website's title, element from the HTML. And then, we are assigning something to the inner HTML. And that's the website's title. So, now, we're using that variable that we declared earlier
If we maybe do a little recap, an unpack of what's happening. We're first getting the website's title, element from the HTML. And then, we are assigning something to the inner HTML. And that's the website's title. So, now, we're using that variable that we declared earlier Let's say you don't want the word, my in there. How would you go about that? You don't want it to say, my favorite website. You can say, Jen's favorite website for example. I believe it's editing line 13. Because that's Jen. Hey. And see how fast it's already on the other side of your screen
Let's say you don't want the word, my in there. How would you go about that? You don't want it to say, my favorite website. You can say, Jen's favorite website for example. I believe it's editing line 13. Because that's Jen. Hey. And see how fast it's already on the other side of your screen Like immediately when you see you start typing there. It appears on the right side. And then, oh, go ahead. Yeah, I said we have a comment on on YouTube. Somebody's asking if this is a private class. And can I stay or leave? Please do stay. And you can, yeah, ask us questions
Like immediately when you see you start typing there. It appears on the right side. And then, oh, go ahead. Yeah, I said we have a comment on on YouTube. Somebody's asking if this is a private class. And can I stay or leave? Please do stay. And you can, yeah, ask us questions See what you want to do. This is definitely something that's open for everyone. Yeah. Thanks for joining happy. Happy to have you here. That's why we are doing this online on YouTube. We're also on Twitch, right? Yeah
See what you want to do. This is definitely something that's open for everyone. Yeah. Thanks for joining happy. Happy to have you here. That's why we are doing this online on YouTube. We're also on Twitch, right? Yeah So I should probably double check and make sure the rest of them don't have comments. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I don't see any on Twitter. And. I don't even know on LinkedIn how to look at it. I don't know about LinkedIn either
So I should probably double check and make sure the rest of them don't have comments. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I don't see any on Twitter. And. I don't even know on LinkedIn how to look at it. I don't know about LinkedIn either Well, just anyone on LinkedIn maybe have find us on Twitter or YouTube to make sure that we are, we actually reply to you. That's right. Okay, I'm not seeing any comments there either. Okay. Let us know if you have more questions later on
Well, just anyone on LinkedIn maybe have find us on Twitter or YouTube to make sure that we are, we actually reply to you. That's right. Okay, I'm not seeing any comments there either. Okay. Let us know if you have more questions later on Because we'll be doing this with all sorts of teachers and guests. And going through yes, very basic things right here, because I'm a complete new yet as the channel grows, we will be going into more complicated things. What
Because we'll be doing this with all sorts of teachers and guests. And going through yes, very basic things right here, because I'm a complete new yet as the channel grows, we will be going into more complicated things. What What. Abdul, do you have a topic that you're looking to cover? Yeah, I mean, today we're just getting started. This is the first time right for you to do this. So that's why we're looking at code sandbox because it's kind of a, I love it. It I think is really great way to get started. Yeah
What. Abdul, do you have a topic that you're looking to cover? Yeah, I mean, today we're just getting started. This is the first time right for you to do this. So that's why we're looking at code sandbox because it's kind of a, I love it. It I think is really great way to get started. Yeah Yeah. Because you immediately see what you're doing. And that is just magical. That I think that is one of the reasons I've always been excited about programming. Like even when I was a little kid, because I was able to see what I was doing. I mean, I mean, I think it's something changes
Yeah. Because you immediately see what you're doing. And that is just magical. That I think that is one of the reasons I've always been excited about programming. Like even when I was a little kid, because I was able to see what I was doing. I mean, I mean, I think it's something changes I write a piece of code and something changes. I change a number. Now a caller has changed. It's always been very exciting. Exciting to me to see that visually. Well, thank you, Abdul, for stopping by to say hi. And if any questions come up on this, or future ones, please set us up and let us know
I write a piece of code and something changes. I change a number. Now a caller has changed. It's always been very exciting. Exciting to me to see that visually. Well, thank you, Abdul, for stopping by to say hi. And if any questions come up on this, or future ones, please set us up and let us know We love suggestions for topics because this is number one. So, you know, so if I wanted to do like, favorite websites instead of. So we're, okay, words. We use document.get element by ID for websites title, which is in the HTML. And we're using website title. The constant website titles
We love suggestions for topics because this is number one. So, you know, so if I wanted to do like, favorite websites instead of. So we're, okay, words. We use document.get element by ID for websites title, which is in the HTML. And we're using website title. The constant website titles So if I go back. I'm going to go back to HTML. And you created one called websites. Yeah. That is not a header because H1 is a header one, right? That gives a bigger font. Yeah. Which is also another thing. Y'all, if you probably need to go look that up at some point
So if I go back. I'm going to go back to HTML. And you created one called websites. Yeah. That is not a header because H1 is a header one, right? That gives a bigger font. Yeah. Which is also another thing. Y'all, if you probably need to go look that up at some point But those ones, I feel like are a little easier to use because Google does, like Google docs does it words. We're docs do it. So I'm just going to. Yeah. And it's called websites. And. Oh, and something's already there. Yeah, because it's I didn't delete the. Items. So now I have to do favorite
But those ones, I feel like are a little easier to use because Google does, like Google docs does it words. We're docs do it. So I'm just going to. Yeah. And it's called websites. And. Oh, and something's already there. Yeah, because it's I didn't delete the. Items. So now I have to do favorite Sites. Different. Oh. So how would I put those line by line instead of next to each other? Yeah. So let's first look at what was the what was the tag that I use? So that was a UL tag
Sites. Different. Oh. So how would I put those line by line instead of next to each other? Yeah. So let's first look at what was the what was the tag that I use? So that was a UL tag And if you wanted to know you see a tag that you've never met before, like, who is this? What goes inside here? Uh-huh. Google, of course, is a great resource. But I when I when I Google anything about JavaScript HTML or CSS, I look at something called MDN Web docs
And if you wanted to know you see a tag that you've never met before, like, who is this? What goes inside here? Uh-huh. Google, of course, is a great resource. But I when I when I Google anything about JavaScript HTML or CSS, I look at something called MDN Web docs So what I would Google is MDN UL. What MDN UL. Yeah, space between the MDN and you all. So MDN is much easier to develop per developer network. And that is a very comprehensive deck set of documentation about Web technologies by Mozilla creator of the Firefox browser. Oh, very cool. Okay
So what I would Google is MDN UL. What MDN UL. Yeah, space between the MDN and you all. So MDN is much easier to develop per developer network. And that is a very comprehensive deck set of documentation about Web technologies by Mozilla creator of the Firefox browser. Oh, very cool. Okay Okay. So that explains what is the UL unordered list element? Okay. And inside that it wants it wants L.I. Elements. So if you look at what's inside there under underneath. Oh, we need to do L.I. in front of each of them. Yeah. But and it shows us what it is for HTML and then what it is for CSS
Okay. So that explains what is the UL unordered list element? Okay. And inside that it wants it wants L.I. Elements. So if you look at what's inside there under underneath. Oh, we need to do L.I. in front of each of them. Yeah. But and it shows us what it is for HTML and then what it is for CSS Yeah, so here's here's some styles. They've applied a little bit of customer styles into this example. That's why they're so CSS. Okay. So it's L.I. So that means up here I would do the L.I. Right? See. I don't know. I'll try it. I don't know if it'll work. Okay. That will not work in this case
Yeah, so here's here's some styles. They've applied a little bit of customer styles into this example. That's why they're so CSS. Okay. So it's L.I. So that means up here I would do the L.I. Right? See. I don't know. I'll try it. I don't know if it'll work. Okay. That will not work in this case And it's almost how you would do this in react, but not quite. So that's not going to work. If we think about what's going on here and why it doesn't work. Like we talked about before, the why is always useful for future learning. So this is just this is just a JavaScript variable, right? Okay
And it's almost how you would do this in react, but not quite. So that's not going to work. If we think about what's going on here and why it doesn't work. Like we talked about before, the why is always useful for future learning. So this is just this is just a JavaScript variable, right? Okay So what we write here is JavaScript. And this is a list of websites. And by default. The way it renders a list of websites or an array in this array of websites. It puts them as a strings. And then a comma in between them. But we want to do something different now
So what we write here is JavaScript. And this is a list of websites. And by default. The way it renders a list of websites or an array in this array of websites. It puts them as a strings. And then a comma in between them. But we want to do something different now And I'm sure if this is really like a day one lesson thing to teach. I've never tried teaching somebody programming in this way. But let's try. I think I think you might understand what's going to what's what's kind of happening here when we when we go about this. Groovy. Let's put a little bit of
And I'm sure if this is really like a day one lesson thing to teach. I've never tried teaching somebody programming in this way. But let's try. I think I think you might understand what's going to what's what's kind of happening here when we when we go about this. Groovy. Let's put a little bit of Line breaks here. And then we let's let's first put just zero. Let's see what happens. Oh, it does the first one. Oh. And then the second one. And that third one. So this is the way we index into an array. So we pick out which element from the array we want. Now, in this case, we want all of them
Line breaks here. And then we let's let's first put just zero. Let's see what happens. Oh, it does the first one. Oh. And then the second one. And that third one. So this is the way we index into an array. So we pick out which element from the array we want. Now, in this case, we want all of them But we don't want them to be just a comma separated list. So in order for us to define how it looks like as a string. We use a method called join. And if we now put comma and the space here. Well, quite what we're looking for, right? But it's getting better
But we don't want them to be just a comma separated list. So in order for us to define how it looks like as a string. We use a method called join. And if we now put comma and the space here. Well, quite what we're looking for, right? But it's getting better Like it's you could see something's changing. However, we wanted there to be L I elements. Let me think I got to think about. So that would be a simple way to make it into strings. But now we want to make we got to use something called a map. And this defines how each single element is rendered
Like it's you could see something's changing. However, we wanted there to be L I elements. Let me think I got to think about. So that would be a simple way to make it into strings. But now we want to make we got to use something called a map. And this defines how each single element is rendered So instead we want it to be. L I will actually use backticks because then we can do something called string concatenation. We can put variables inside here. So let's see if this works now. There we go. Where is the comma coming from? So the comma is actually. Yeah, that's. Oh, I see it. It's above
So instead we want it to be. L I will actually use backticks because then we can do something called string concatenation. We can put variables inside here. So let's see if this works now. There we go. Where is the comma coming from? So the comma is actually. Yeah, that's. Oh, I see it. It's above It's above. It's coming from. It's it's not that. Yeah, that's common. We need that common there. Because that's how we define the variable. But it's coming because now we could. Now we could. Maybe inspect. I can explain why. Because let's see. Let's actually pull this out of here. And
It's above. It's coming from. It's it's not that. Yeah, that's common. We need that common there. Because that's how we define the variable. But it's coming because now we could. Now we could. Maybe inspect. I can explain why. Because let's see. Let's actually pull this out of here. And And. We create another variable. This is this kind of how you would end up doing debugging very often when you're coding. So you kind of create another variable and you may be log it out and see what's in there. And what's happening there. So const. List. Is now this
And. We create another variable. This is this kind of how you would end up doing debugging very often when you're coding. So you kind of create another variable and you may be log it out and see what's in there. And what's happening there. So const. List. Is now this List. Is now this. And then console log that list. And then we have to put a list in here as well. And now if you go into the console, you'll see what's there. So what's happening is. It's taking each one of these favorite websites. That we have in that variable favorite websites
List. Is now this. And then console log that list. And then we have to put a list in here as well. And now if you go into the console, you'll see what's there. So what's happening is. It's taking each one of these favorite websites. That we have in that variable favorite websites And it's wrapping that in L.I. tags. Right? Okay. So that's great. That's almost what we want to do. However, because we are modifying the inner HTML
And it's wrapping that in L.I. tags. Right? Okay. So that's great. That's almost what we want to do. However, because we are modifying the inner HTML And if we put a list of things like this has four elements zero still has zero one two three four zero one two three in it, right? It's not just a string like HTML itself is just a string. There's no lists in there. So we have a list of elements that are next to each other. So now we join it with
And if we put a list of things like this has four elements zero still has zero one two three four zero one two three in it, right? It's not just a string like HTML itself is just a string. There's no lists in there. So we have a list of elements that are next to each other. So now we join it with Nothing in between or we can do let's say a line break in between them. Now we hit save. And the commas are gone. Because. Let's move this joint over here. And look at the console you see it's rendering something different there. So it's not rendering a list of elements anymore
Nothing in between or we can do let's say a line break in between them. Now we hit save. And the commas are gone. Because. Let's move this joint over here. And look at the console you see it's rendering something different there. So it's not rendering a list of elements anymore It's not zero one three one two three. But it's rendering a string. That has those list elements in it. And I think that was a lot in once. Maybe maybe unpack and see if you have any questions about this. I think it's something that
It's not zero one three one two three. But it's rendering a string. That has those list elements in it. And I think that was a lot in once. Maybe maybe unpack and see if you have any questions about this. I think it's something that I apparently I'm just going to start doing some homework for myself off of all of these. Because what we went through definitely does make sense. And. I think it's going to be something that. Is going to be where. Seeing it multiple times in a row like seeing it from different people
I apparently I'm just going to start doing some homework for myself off of all of these. Because what we went through definitely does make sense. And. I think it's going to be something that. Is going to be where. Seeing it multiple times in a row like seeing it from different people And that's a big reason why having different guests. I think it's going to be great because I know for myself. I think it's going to be great. I think it's going to be great. It's like I can hear it from seven different people
And that's a big reason why having different guests. I think it's going to be great because I know for myself. I think it's going to be great. I think it's going to be great. It's like I can hear it from seven different people But it's not until the eighth time that I realized my mom was right when she told me when I was like six. And it's the type of thing that hearing it just repetitively. I will say that I followed along. Probably until we made it pretty. I think it's going to be great. I think it's going to be great
But it's not until the eighth time that I realized my mom was right when she told me when I was like six. And it's the type of thing that hearing it just repetitively. I will say that I followed along. Probably until we made it pretty. I think it's going to be great. I think it's going to be great I think it's going to be great. If I were to start my own project, I could do like my. Favorite. As homework for myself, I will do my favorite podcast and list them out. And and and share that. As my live learning as a follow up on this one because it's definitely something that
I think it's going to be great. If I were to start my own project, I could do like my. Favorite. As homework for myself, I will do my favorite podcast and list them out. And and and share that. As my live learning as a follow up on this one because it's definitely something that I feel like it's going to take some practice. Yeah, absolutely. Like I said, this was this is not a day one thing that usually usually gets. I thought I think when when you start learning. So I think we're going really, really far here. So yeah, Abdul has a question
I feel like it's going to take some practice. Yeah, absolutely. Like I said, this was this is not a day one thing that usually usually gets. I thought I think when when you start learning. So I think we're going really, really far here. So yeah, Abdul has a question So the map method will re turn on array and then we'll join all the elements and one string using the join method. Yeah, and that that is a very succinct way of putting what's happening. So you could actually look at what's what MDN says about JavaScript map
So the map method will re turn on array and then we'll join all the elements and one string using the join method. Yeah, and that that is a very succinct way of putting what's happening. So you could actually look at what's what MDN says about JavaScript map I think that is the best way you can get a little bit more into it. So there's yeah, there's search there. Map goes through an array. And then we can modify each element of that array. And then it returns the the modified version. So that's why it still was an array. We went through an array
I think that is the best way you can get a little bit more into it. So there's yeah, there's search there. Map goes through an array. And then we can modify each element of that array. And then it returns the the modified version. So that's why it still was an array. We went through an array We went through each element of that array. We did something to each element. So we wrapped it in the LITags on both sides. And this is not what we're looking for though. Yeah, I like for map and it didn't have it. So I'm just going to go back to it. Right array dot map
We went through each element of that array. We did something to each element. So we wrapped it in the LITags on both sides. And this is not what we're looking for though. Yeah, I like for map and it didn't have it. So I'm just going to go back to it. Right array dot map It is a function on the array prototype. Oh, yeah, I read up prototype. So if you go back, there you go. It's the first one now. Oh, okay. I wasn't even working on it. Yeah, this is popular. It was it was immediately first one there
It is a function on the array prototype. Oh, yeah, I read up prototype. So if you go back, there you go. It's the first one now. Oh, okay. I wasn't even working on it. Yeah, this is popular. It was it was immediately first one there And that's why I also decided we should use this even though it's a it's a first day because this is. This is one of the basic things that you will be doing with arrays for. Okay. Okay. Okay. Well, I will be working on doing this again, probably on sometime this weekend or on Tuesday of
And that's why I also decided we should use this even though it's a it's a first day because this is. This is one of the basic things that you will be doing with arrays for. Okay. Okay. Okay. Well, I will be working on doing this again, probably on sometime this weekend or on Tuesday of Fearing out how to do everything we just did as using a podcast list. I'm totally going to be cheating and using our code again, but it's definitely something that needs practice. And you did you did teach me a lot. So like, let's see if I can recap it well
Fearing out how to do everything we just did as using a podcast list. I'm totally going to be cheating and using our code again, but it's definitely something that needs practice. And you did you did teach me a lot. So like, let's see if I can recap it well We started with code sandbox dot I owe because it allows you to code. And then you can see it on the right side. So it gives us an instant visual. Where something like is a called visual studio. What people call VS. Yeah, that one doesn't always give you the instant view
We started with code sandbox dot I owe because it allows you to code. And then you can see it on the right side. So it gives us an instant visual. Where something like is a called visual studio. What people call VS. Yeah, that one doesn't always give you the instant view You have to actually have it open in the browser. Yeah, you have to have it open in the browser. And that's a little bit extra on top of this. Yeah. And if we just just for, you know, kicks and giggles. So people see the difference. And what I really appreciate what we did
You have to actually have it open in the browser. Yeah, you have to have it open in the browser. And that's a little bit extra on top of this. Yeah. And if we just just for, you know, kicks and giggles. So people see the difference. And what I really appreciate what we did From using the code sandbox, I was able to see that this is the temporary website of what we're building. So I went in to type it into my browser. And I'm able to view it here just like I did it in the other box. But I can go in and inspect it like I was having to do with and click console
From using the code sandbox, I was able to see that this is the temporary website of what we're building. So I went in to type it into my browser. And I'm able to view it here just like I did it in the other box. But I can go in and inspect it like I was having to do with and click console And then I was able to see it like I had to do with VS. Yet this is saving me so much more time. Yeah. And this is a really easy way for us to do a multiplayer and on a stream like this. It's possible inside VS code as well. But I love how easy this with code sandbox. Definitely. And then, okay
And then I was able to see it like I had to do with VS. Yet this is saving me so much more time. Yeah. And this is a really easy way for us to do a multiplayer and on a stream like this. It's possible inside VS code as well. But I love how easy this with code sandbox. Definitely. And then, okay And then, okay. So we went through and on style.cs we did create a button and we were able to see that we could change a colors. And then on index.html. That is where our HTML lives. Unless, you know, the JavaScript file is calling the HTML. But we originally deleted that
And then, okay. So we went through and on style.cs we did create a button and we were able to see that we could change a colors. And then on index.html. That is where our HTML lives. Unless, you know, the JavaScript file is calling the HTML. But we originally deleted that But then we re created it on line. 22 and making it so that way we could have the headers and then of Jen's favorite websites. And then also putting it in a regular font with line 26. And the part that I'm going to get little messed up for. But I get that for. We did the
But then we re created it on line. 22 and making it so that way we could have the headers and then of Jen's favorite websites. And then also putting it in a regular font with line 26. And the part that I'm going to get little messed up for. But I get that for. We did the We did the. Document dot get element by ID dot websites dot inner HTML. And instead of having it be const list, which is where we did all the fanciness of making it look pretty. And then we could have done
We did the. Document dot get element by ID dot websites dot inner HTML. And instead of having it be const list, which is where we did all the fanciness of making it look pretty. And then we could have done Favorite websites again, which I'm just going to copy and paste this really quick to make sure I got this right. We can it will pace it just will not look pretty
Favorite websites again, which I'm just going to copy and paste this really quick to make sure I got this right. We can it will pace it just will not look pretty So and that is what I'm going to try on my own is creating all this again with it looking pretty because that is something that is outside of the beginner wheel wheel house. And then I'm going to try to make sure that that would just be fun to learn and see if we can duplicate it
So and that is what I'm going to try on my own is creating all this again with it looking pretty because that is something that is outside of the beginner wheel wheel house. And then I'm going to try to make sure that that would just be fun to learn and see if we can duplicate it Yeah, I'm looking forward to that. I think I think you're you're going to have a have a teach Jen tech website up and running real soon. Yay. And thank you again for joining us and getting us all started. Make sure to follow. I'm going to say your name wrong again. Why am I so bad at names? Yare
Yeah, I'm looking forward to that. I think I think you're you're going to have a have a teach Jen tech website up and running real soon. Yay. And thank you again for joining us and getting us all started. Make sure to follow. I'm going to say your name wrong again. Why am I so bad at names? Yare Yare. Thank you Abdul and make sure you follow. Yare and we are just starting, but you are welcome to rewatch this stream. We will have more streams next week with different guests
Yare. Thank you Abdul and make sure you follow. Yare and we are just starting, but you are welcome to rewatch this stream. We will have more streams next week with different guests So you might be a little late for here, but make sure to tag us on Twitter or grab us on on any of the other comments and we'll make sure to see if we can get you your answers. And if you do that, please tag a time frame time code. So that way we can go and see exactly what you were asking about
So you might be a little late for here, but make sure to tag us on Twitter or grab us on on any of the other comments and we'll make sure to see if we can get you your answers. And if you do that, please tag a time frame time code. So that way we can go and see exactly what you were asking about But we are taking and the today's and thank you so much for your time. Yare is there anything else you wanted to go over before we go. I'm glad you're already thinking of what you want to do next and how you want to go about this
But we are taking and the today's and thank you so much for your time. Yare is there anything else you wanted to go over before we go. I'm glad you're already thinking of what you want to do next and how you want to go about this One thing I want to see when you've done this, like make them links, make them click clickable because we did go through how links look like. So for that, that's like a red skull right there. Yeah, it was it was a pleasure
One thing I want to see when you've done this, like make them links, make them click clickable because we did go through how links look like. So for that, that's like a red skull right there. Yeah, it was it was a pleasure I'm happy to be here and looking forward to maybe maybe teaching something else later on your journey and having having people join us and having good chats and figuring out how we can learn together. I think I just have to say because I'm on YouTube like and subscribe. Yes, yeah
I'm happy to be here and looking forward to maybe maybe teaching something else later on your journey and having having people join us and having good chats and figuring out how we can learn together. I think I just have to say because I'm on YouTube like and subscribe. Yes, yeah Yes, yeah. And we will eventually be going through Python as well. So give us a few weeks. I'm probably going to be focusing more on JavaScript just to like wrap my head around it. Yet we will definitely be having guests on about Python because that is such an important language
Yes, yeah. And we will eventually be going through Python as well. So give us a few weeks. I'm probably going to be focusing more on JavaScript just to like wrap my head around it. Yet we will definitely be having guests on about Python because that is such an important language If you hit either one of us up on Twitter, we may be able to put you in touch with someone that is really good with Python as well and open to coming on a little sooner rather than later
If you hit either one of us up on Twitter, we may be able to put you in touch with someone that is really good with Python as well and open to coming on a little sooner rather than later So we will be going through our Twitter names, Twitter, that me and Twitter just don't get along as hard to say. Our names are linked on our videos too. All right, thank you very much. Thank you. Bye.
So we will be going through our Twitter names, Twitter, that me and Twitter just don't get along as hard to say. Our names are linked on our videos too. All right, thank you very much. Thank you. Bye.