Hello, Anthony. Thank you for joining. I almost said my podcast. Is this a swear friendly stream? I'm going to say yes because my podcast is called shit you don't want to talk about so it's going to be very hard to transition to teach tech without swear words. To teach and shit. Yes, yes Yes, yes. Teach me the shit that you know you don't want to talk about. That's what my two shows combined are. Thank you for joining. Teach and tech. There we go. Gotta get used to saying that. Please introduce yourself and what you're going to teach me. Yeah, hello, my name is Anthony Campolo
Yes, yes. Teach me the shit that you know you don't want to talk about. That's what my two shows combined are. Thank you for joining. Teach and tech. There we go. Gotta get used to saying that. Please introduce yourself and what you're going to teach me. Yeah, hello, my name is Anthony Campolo I am a developer advocate at quick node. And I am also a member of the Redwood JS core team, which is a JavaScript framework. I won't be talking about that at all. It's a little more high level. But today I wanted to teach Jen here how to deploy a react application
I am a developer advocate at quick node. And I am also a member of the Redwood JS core team, which is a JavaScript framework. I won't be talking about that at all. It's a little more high level. But today I wanted to teach Jen here how to deploy a react application And we'll be using a couple tools to do that. So we'll be using a specific build tool called beat. A specific deployment platform called for sale. And we can break down both of those and kind of explain what they are. A bit from here
And we'll be using a couple tools to do that. So we'll be using a specific build tool called beat. A specific deployment platform called for sale. And we can break down both of those and kind of explain what they are. A bit from here A bit from here. But yeah, I want to make a call out for some of my one of my friends is already confused about this. My partner Jen is not this Jen. This is a different Jen that I met on the internet very recently. And you had reached out asking about like kind of how to get a dev rel job
A bit from here. But yeah, I want to make a call out for some of my one of my friends is already confused about this. My partner Jen is not this Jen. This is a different Jen that I met on the internet very recently. And you had reached out asking about like kind of how to get a dev rel job And I love people helping people get into the industry, and especially helping people launch streams. I helped one of my friends Ben Myers launches stream about a year and a half ago. And so yeah, I was like super excited that you reached out that you wanted to do this. It would be really fun
And I love people helping people get into the industry, and especially helping people launch streams. I helped one of my friends Ben Myers launches stream about a year and a half ago. And so yeah, I was like super excited that you reached out that you wanted to do this. It would be really fun I think this content is like so valuable to beginners and to other dev rel people who want to do stuff like this. So yeah, and it's like you already got like you got like title cards, you got graphics, you got a little logo. There you got all sorts of stuff. So this is very, very cool. Thank you
I think this content is like so valuable to beginners and to other dev rel people who want to do stuff like this. So yeah, and it's like you already got like you got like title cards, you got graphics, you got a little logo. There you got all sorts of stuff. So this is very, very cool. Thank you Thank you. Thank you. And the only thing I don't have figured out just because I think it is a great call out is the fact that my ring light hits my glasses. But people can't see me without it. And I can't see shit if I don't wear them. So they do show up in these
Thank you. Thank you. And the only thing I don't have figured out just because I think it is a great call out is the fact that my ring light hits my glasses. But people can't see me without it. And I can't see shit if I don't wear them. So they do show up in these And I love the fact that your partner's name is Jen like that she must be amazing. She's pretty cool. Yeah. Yeah. She would never do a tech stream though. Definitely not. She I did set up a hash note blog though because she's a writer. I'm going to pretend like I know what that is so far. Yeah
And I love the fact that your partner's name is Jen like that she must be amazing. She's pretty cool. Yeah. Yeah. She would never do a tech stream though. Definitely not. She I did set up a hash note blog though because she's a writer. I'm going to pretend like I know what that is so far. Yeah Yeah. It's a so they'll be next to me. I'm going to show you how to create a hash note blog. Hash note is like a very, very cool blogging platform. If you go to AJC web dev.com, which is my home page, you'll see a blog. And that's a hash note blog whether you realize it or not. Very cool
Yeah. It's a so they'll be next to me. I'm going to show you how to create a hash note blog. Hash note is like a very, very cool blogging platform. If you go to AJC web dev.com, which is my home page, you'll see a blog. And that's a hash note blog whether you realize it or not. Very cool Very cool. Very cool. Well, at least I know that you'll be returning. And I will say I think a lot of people are excited to just see the growth and like for the opportunity for me to ask some questions in like six months where they're like, you've learned so much. You're not as much of a new
Very cool. Very cool. Well, at least I know that you'll be returning. And I will say I think a lot of people are excited to just see the growth and like for the opportunity for me to ask some questions in like six months where they're like, you've learned so much. You're not as much of a new Totally. Yeah. I mean, I'm someone who created a podcast before I had my first tech job. So I really saw a lot of a lot of parallels in between my story and your story and what you're doing here
Totally. Yeah. I mean, I'm someone who created a podcast before I had my first tech job. So I really saw a lot of a lot of parallels in between my story and your story and what you're doing here And for me, you know, I was interviewing people who were like so far beyond where I was and trying to ask the questions that I thought would help contextualize things for me
And for me, you know, I was interviewing people who were like so far beyond where I was and trying to ask the questions that I thought would help contextualize things for me And I ended up having a knock on effective creating really good content for others who were like, I want to learn this stuff. But it's like, I don't know how to get into it. And when people talk about it, like they're using all these terms that is talking past me
And I ended up having a knock on effective creating really good content for others who were like, I want to learn this stuff. But it's like, I don't know how to get into it. And when people talk about it, like they're using all these terms that is talking past me I can't really like wrap my mind around it. So having a beginner, like ask the experts and like the quote, quote, dumb questions and there are no dumb questions here is like so valuable
I can't really like wrap my mind around it. So having a beginner, like ask the experts and like the quote, quote, dumb questions and there are no dumb questions here is like so valuable And it allows people who are also have also having those same questions, the ability to kind of sit on those conversations. But okay, that's what I wanted to ask and like that's the explanation I needed for it to click for me. Yeah
And it allows people who are also have also having those same questions, the ability to kind of sit on those conversations. But okay, that's what I wanted to ask and like that's the explanation I needed for it to click for me. Yeah Yeah. And thank you for mentioning that because since I'm also brand new to Twitter, like I've had a Twitter account. I think I deleted it and then restarted this one in 2020
Yeah. And thank you for mentioning that because since I'm also brand new to Twitter, like I've had a Twitter account. I think I deleted it and then restarted this one in 2020 I think I've sent a total since like 2011ish, like maybe 10 tweets ever like I didn't understand the concept, concepts of Twitter and like how to use it and how to make sense of it and looking into the development relations roles and then seeing Adam's post and thread
I think I've sent a total since like 2011ish, like maybe 10 tweets ever like I didn't understand the concept, concepts of Twitter and like how to use it and how to make sense of it and looking into the development relations roles and then seeing Adam's post and thread I was like, oh, this is actually starting to make sense. But even two weeks ago, I was asking people on like the feed on the thread, how to get in touch with them instead of just DMing them. So it's like, yeah, right. We're in new to Twitter too
I was like, oh, this is actually starting to make sense. But even two weeks ago, I was asking people on like the feed on the thread, how to get in touch with them instead of just DMing them. So it's like, yeah, right. We're in new to Twitter too And I see what people post in the people on certain following. I'm like, I got like half of that or like I could be scary. Like it can be scary because in one sense, it can be like conversations that are really complicated. You don't have to be scared
And I see what people post in the people on certain following. I'm like, I got like half of that or like I could be scary. Like it can be scary because in one sense, it can be like conversations that are really complicated. You don't have to be scared You know, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, you and I can do this at sales
You know, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, you and I can do this at sales start to. script front end world, you know, at most it was maybe a thousand, two thousand dev real people who are like, you know, active working at a company doing it
start to. script front end world, you know, at most it was maybe a thousand, two thousand dev real people who are like, you know, active working at a company doing it And then if you look at things like, you know, dev ops and you know, data science and like web three, then you'll add in like thousands for each of those kind of kind of niches
And then if you look at things like, you know, dev ops and you know, data science and like web three, then you'll add in like thousands for each of those kind of kind of niches But like you'll find very quickly that you're not there's only so many people you need to meet to kind of meet all the dev real people. You know, we're fairly like small, small tight knit group. Sweet. I got added to a, um, where are they called? A list, a Twitter list. And I was so excited
But like you'll find very quickly that you're not there's only so many people you need to meet to kind of meet all the dev real people. You know, we're fairly like small, small tight knit group. Sweet. I got added to a, um, where are they called? A list, a Twitter list. And I was so excited I was like, I made the big times. I made it. I'm on a list. Yeah. And a good, a good list. I'm on a list I want to be on. Yeah. And I was just like, I don't know. I didn't even know these existed. That's cool. I'm still learning that
I was like, I made the big times. I made it. I'm on a list. Yeah. And a good, a good list. I'm on a list I want to be on. Yeah. And I was just like, I don't know. I didn't even know these existed. That's cool. I'm still learning that And thank you so much because I think also how you're mentioning when with Twitter, like putting out content and those type of things, I started in my journey of Twitter the last two weeks. I started following coding therapist. And Africa is absolutely phenomenal
And thank you so much because I think also how you're mentioning when with Twitter, like putting out content and those type of things, I started in my journey of Twitter the last two weeks. I started following coding therapist. And Africa is absolutely phenomenal In the fact she posts a lot about also like stretching and yoga and in which it seems like so not related yet at the same time
In the fact she posts a lot about also like stretching and yoga and in which it seems like so not related yet at the same time I realized even now I'm like sitting at my desk all the time that I think you're absolutely right because when you're posting that stuff, you don't even realize how much of an impact that may be making on others yet
I realized even now I'm like sitting at my desk all the time that I think you're absolutely right because when you're posting that stuff, you don't even realize how much of an impact that may be making on others yet I'm yeah, the health aspect and staying healthy while you while you do this is really important. And under discuss topic for sure. I just just followed her. That's super cool. Yeah. It's like, you gotta stay active. And you gotta make sure you're not on screen all the time
I'm yeah, the health aspect and staying healthy while you while you do this is really important. And under discuss topic for sure. I just just followed her. That's super cool. Yeah. It's like, you gotta stay active. And you gotta make sure you're not on screen all the time Like, once you get into this, you start really enjoying this kind of work. You just like sit down and just like crank out like hours and hours of work. And it's like really invigorating and cool stuff
Like, once you get into this, you start really enjoying this kind of work. You just like sit down and just like crank out like hours and hours of work. And it's like really invigorating and cool stuff And then all of a sudden, like, how's my neck hurt so much? I've noticed that with editing for I interned as a video editor and I for my podcast. I'm like, oh, I've been like seriously sitting here for like four hours. I need to get up. I need to you know, move around
And then all of a sudden, like, how's my neck hurt so much? I've noticed that with editing for I interned as a video editor and I for my podcast. I'm like, oh, I've been like seriously sitting here for like four hours. I need to get up. I need to you know, move around But thank you again for volunteering yourself too. Like it was you were the last conversation that I was like, okay, I'm committee. I'm doing this. And we booked a date. And then somebody else booked a date. And I'm like, this is like real. This is there's what? So you can't stop it
But thank you again for volunteering yourself too. Like it was you were the last conversation that I was like, okay, I'm committee. I'm doing this. And we booked a date. And then somebody else booked a date. And I'm like, this is like real. This is there's what? So you can't stop it Yeah, now you're sorry. You're asking to be on whether you want to or not. It's gonna be cool. It's gonna be cool. Okay. So it's react app with bite. Beat. Beat. Yes, because it's French. Yes. So the the reason why I beat and like this is just fun minutia. It's not really important
Yeah, now you're sorry. You're asking to be on whether you want to or not. It's gonna be cool. It's gonna be cool. Okay. So it's react app with bite. Beat. Beat. Yes, because it's French. Yes. So the the reason why I beat and like this is just fun minutia. It's not really important As I was from the creator of a framework called view, which you can kind of think it was like a competitor or alternative to react. And view is also a French word, even though they don't use the French pronunciation because things are never simple and it comes to naming
As I was from the creator of a framework called view, which you can kind of think it was like a competitor or alternative to react. And view is also a French word, even though they don't use the French pronunciation because things are never simple and it comes to naming So beat is a French word that means fast because it's what's called a build tool, which basically means that when you build a JavaScript project like the JavaScript project you did on the coding the code sandbox one, that was one where it was kind of like vanilla JavaScript
So beat is a French word that means fast because it's what's called a build tool, which basically means that when you build a JavaScript project like the JavaScript project you did on the coding the code sandbox one, that was one where it was kind of like vanilla JavaScript I don't think you were really using like a framework at all. And with something like react, it's kind of it's almost like a different language from JavaScript is not entirely. But it's using something called JSX, which basically requires a compiler to transform it back into JavaScript
I don't think you were really using like a framework at all. And with something like react, it's kind of it's almost like a different language from JavaScript is not entirely. But it's using something called JSX, which basically requires a compiler to transform it back into JavaScript So you kind of need like a program to take your program and rewrite the program into something the browser actually understands. What's great though is you don't have to know how to do that. That's what the tools do that for you. Okay. Yeah
So you kind of need like a program to take your program and rewrite the program into something the browser actually understands. What's great though is you don't have to know how to do that. That's what the tools do that for you. Okay. Yeah Okay. Yeah. So usually you would use something like webpack and webpack would be the thing you would use to kind of turn your JSX into JavaScript. But problem is webpack is super slow and kind of obnoxious and beat is basically like a faster, sweeter tool
Okay. Yeah. So usually you would use something like webpack and webpack would be the thing you would use to kind of turn your JSX into JavaScript. But problem is webpack is super slow and kind of obnoxious and beat is basically like a faster, sweeter tool So if you use kind of older react frameworks that use webpack you'll find that as you're doing it you may like make a change and you'll save it and then you look at your browser and you like wait, you'll be like one with thousand, two, one thousand, three, one thousand and then it'll change and then you'll see it because it'll have to do that transformation
So if you use kind of older react frameworks that use webpack you'll find that as you're doing it you may like make a change and you'll save it and then you look at your browser and you like wait, you'll be like one with thousand, two, one thousand, three, one thousand and then it'll change and then you'll see it because it'll have to do that transformation It takes time. Whereas with V you'll save and then it changes. And it's like instant. And so that's why it's more like a code sandbox in that respect where it's like as you're making changes it's just automatically updating. And so as it makes V like super duper sweet
It takes time. Whereas with V you'll save and then it changes. And it's like instant. And so that's why it's more like a code sandbox in that respect where it's like as you're making changes it's just automatically updating. And so as it makes V like super duper sweet There's a ton of other stuff about like the internals and how it relates to the evolution of JavaScript as a language and like that's not going into a scale. I didn't totally confuse you. But that's the important thing is that V is like the tool you're going to use to develop with
There's a ton of other stuff about like the internals and how it relates to the evolution of JavaScript as a language and like that's not going into a scale. I didn't totally confuse you. But that's the important thing is that V is like the tool you're going to use to develop with Okay, let's see if I can summarize this and if I got it. So and seeing if this all means sense, JavaScript is front end. So it's like what the browser actually reads
Okay, let's see if I can summarize this and if I got it. So and seeing if this all means sense, JavaScript is front end. So it's like what the browser actually reads React is a format of JavaScript, but it's more on the backend and then you need something like V or the web one that you mentioned to compile it and move it from the React format back to JavaScript so it can be read by the browser. That was all perfect. Just remove that word backend from there
React is a format of JavaScript, but it's more on the backend and then you need something like V or the web one that you mentioned to compile it and move it from the React format back to JavaScript so it can be read by the browser. That was all perfect. Just remove that word backend from there There's no backend involved here. This is all sort of happening entirely on the front end. If yeah, so the backend stuff is like when I teach you read with JS, we can talk about the backend because that's where you have like a server and a database and all that. Okay
There's no backend involved here. This is all sort of happening entirely on the front end. If yeah, so the backend stuff is like when I teach you read with JS, we can talk about the backend because that's where you have like a server and a database and all that. Okay Okay. Why? Why? Why would someone use React instead of vanilla? Like that part I'm not quite following. Yeah, you could do a whole episode on that question itself
Okay. Why? Why? Why would someone use React instead of vanilla? Like that part I'm not quite following. Yeah, you could do a whole episode on that question itself So I would say because it's going to give you certain conventions for doing things that you're going to do all the time and JavaScript and makes it a little bit easier. So when you're using JavaScript, you have things called events. So an event could be a click
So I would say because it's going to give you certain conventions for doing things that you're going to do all the time and JavaScript and makes it a little bit easier. So when you're using JavaScript, you have things called events. So an event could be a click You can have an event that says when you click this button, I want something to happen and then you will write code to make sure that the thing you want to happen when you click the button actually happens
You can have an event that says when you click this button, I want something to happen and then you will write code to make sure that the thing you want to happen when you click the button actually happens Now what React does is it gives you the ability to do that with less code and with less understanding of how JavaScript and the browser actually works
Now what React does is it gives you the ability to do that with less code and with less understanding of how JavaScript and the browser actually works So that's part of it is it allows you to do lots of frequently common tasks within JavaScript and that also gives you the ability to create components
So that's part of it is it allows you to do lots of frequently common tasks within JavaScript and that also gives you the ability to create components And basically that just means if you want that button to be a self-contained piece of code that you can easily insert into say different pages or different parts of your application, you can contain it within something called a component
And basically that just means if you want that button to be a self-contained piece of code that you can easily insert into say different pages or different parts of your application, you can contain it within something called a component And then that component is literally just like a single tag with like a single word in it. And then you just got to import that wherever you want it and then you could put it wherever you need it. So those are the main reasons why things like React exists. And this is the same thing with View
And then that component is literally just like a single tag with like a single word in it. And then you just got to import that wherever you want it and then you could put it wherever you need it. So those are the main reasons why things like React exists. And this is the same thing with View This is the same thing with a lot of other frameworks. They're all kind of based on this idea of components and like containing your logic and functionality within these components. Okay. And this will make so much more sense once we actually like look at what it's like. Yes, yes, yes, yes
This is the same thing with a lot of other frameworks. They're all kind of based on this idea of components and like containing your logic and functionality within these components. Okay. And this will make so much more sense once we actually like look at what it's like. Yes, yes, yes, yes Yes, yes, yes, yes. The project. I'm going to say I was just about to say I think it's like when I get mixed up with classes. And also it makes me think of how Google makes you let's you color code tabs now and put them in groups. But cool. Here's also a nice thing about React
Yes, yes, yes, yes. The project. I'm going to say I was just about to say I think it's like when I get mixed up with classes. And also it makes me think of how Google makes you let's you color code tabs now and put them in groups. But cool. Here's also a nice thing about React You can write it with classes or without. So you can completely ignore classes for the rest of your life if you start writing React. How about that sounds like it. That sounds pretty pretty exciting at least thus far. That's where I started on this journey of I teaching myself
You can write it with classes or without. So you can completely ignore classes for the rest of your life if you start writing React. How about that sounds like it. That sounds pretty pretty exciting at least thus far. That's where I started on this journey of I teaching myself Yeah, so I got really stuck. So I know we talked about this, but we need to have you said terminal and VS code, right? Yes, yes. So let's start with we're going to generate our project
Yeah, so I got really stuck. So I know we talked about this, but we need to have you said terminal and VS code, right? Yes, yes. So let's start with we're going to generate our project Now this is going to be using something called yarn, which I already made sure you had installed yarn and NPM are both just like command line tools. Tell if you do common JavaScripty kind of things and they're all using node under the hood. And we're going to need to get we need to get into node
Now this is going to be using something called yarn, which I already made sure you had installed yarn and NPM are both just like command line tools. Tell if you do common JavaScripty kind of things and they're all using node under the hood. And we're going to need to get we need to get into node But that's kind of like another important piece of the whole JavaScript ecosystem and understanding where nodes sits within things. Something you're going to have to understand at some point. But don't worry about now because node is like a huge beast onto itself. Okay
But that's kind of like another important piece of the whole JavaScript ecosystem and understanding where nodes sits within things. Something you're going to have to understand at some point. But don't worry about now because node is like a huge beast onto itself. Okay Okay. So listeners or everyone out there. If you want to come on the show and explain nodes at some point, you're welcome. DM me. Let's do this. Let's make the font bigger in your terminal first off. So you just do them command plus. See? Okay. I have it
Okay. So listeners or everyone out there. If you want to come on the show and explain nodes at some point, you're welcome. DM me. Let's do this. Let's make the font bigger in your terminal first off. So you just do them command plus. See? Okay. I have it I have it. I told you I haven't recoupt this in so long. I've just apparently done what terminal was. So let's talk about the terminal real quick. The terminal is something that scares new developers for good reason because it's like a blank prompt. And it's like, tell me to do something
I have it. I told you I haven't recoupt this in so long. I've just apparently done what terminal was. So let's talk about the terminal real quick. The terminal is something that scares new developers for good reason because it's like a blank prompt. And it's like, tell me to do something And it's like, well, you want me to tell you to do. And you need to kind of know that ahead of time. But what's cool about the terminal is it allows you, once you kind of figure out the commands and the things you need to do, you can just tell your computer to do things and it will do it
And it's like, well, you want me to tell you to do. And you need to kind of know that ahead of time. But what's cool about the terminal is it allows you, once you kind of figure out the commands and the things you need to do, you can just tell your computer to do things and it will do it And this is actually, there used to be a time before we had GUI's graphical user interface is like this nice desktop we have where the terminal was a computer. There was no other way to interact with the computer except with the terminal
And this is actually, there used to be a time before we had GUI's graphical user interface is like this nice desktop we have where the terminal was a computer. There was no other way to interact with the computer except with the terminal So the terminal is kind of the more long standing way of how programmers used to work with computers. So I would say embrace the terminal. Like once you kind of get your, when you kind of wrap your mind around, it's actually like really powerful to use
So the terminal is kind of the more long standing way of how programmers used to work with computers. So I would say embrace the terminal. Like once you kind of get your, when you kind of wrap your mind around, it's actually like really powerful to use And you're going to find that it's like, if you try to always avoid the terminal, you're going to end up doing all these weird kind of workarounds just to avoid the terminal. But if you kind of embrace the terminal, it's going to be like very, very useful for you in the long run
And you're going to find that it's like, if you try to always avoid the terminal, you're going to end up doing all these weird kind of workarounds just to avoid the terminal. But if you kind of embrace the terminal, it's going to be like very, very useful for you in the long run I would say that this is my time at MediaTemple is definitely why I'm not as scared as terminal
I would say that this is my time at MediaTemple is definitely why I'm not as scared as terminal Because when we had to fix customer servers and things like that, and yes, you're probably right, my tech leads probably did totally just like go search for the answer because I didn't know how to do that back then
Because when we had to fix customer servers and things like that, and yes, you're probably right, my tech leads probably did totally just like go search for the answer because I didn't know how to do that back then We would have to go through terminal to their server and A, that was like really hard to conceptualize and do at the same time, shout out to Ahmed. I actually texted him out of the after like three years of not working there. And I was like, dude, I'm not scared of terminal
We would have to go through terminal to their server and A, that was like really hard to conceptualize and do at the same time, shout out to Ahmed. I actually texted him out of the after like three years of not working there. And I was like, dude, I'm not scared of terminal And we're doing stuff on this thing I'm doing. And I actually somewhat know what you used to tell me now. I was really excited. So yay, terminal. Super cool. Okay. So what we're going to do, I was going to tell you exactly what to type here. So first write the word yarn. And then do a space
And we're doing stuff on this thing I'm doing. And I actually somewhat know what you used to tell me now. I was really excited. So yay, terminal. Super cool. Okay. So what we're going to do, I was going to tell you exactly what to type here. So first write the word yarn. And then do a space And then write the word create. And then do a space. And then write beat, be it space. And then now we're going to give our project a name. So what would you like to call our project today? Tuesday. Tuesday. All right. Not a very descriptive name, but we'll go with that
And then write the word create. And then do a space. And then write beat, be it space. And then now we're going to give our project a name. So what would you like to call our project today? Tuesday. Tuesday. All right. Not a very descriptive name, but we'll go with that Let's make it all lowercase to. Okay. What does it need to be all lowercase or does it need to be camel case? So this is going to eventually be a get repo. When I'm naming get repos, I will do all lowercase and dashes in between the words. Okay. Yeah, so you do Tuesday, July, 5, do 0, 5, not a 5
Let's make it all lowercase to. Okay. What does it need to be all lowercase or does it need to be camel case? So this is going to eventually be a get repo. When I'm naming get repos, I will do all lowercase and dashes in between the words. Okay. Yeah, so you do Tuesday, July, 5, do 0, 5, not a 5 Quite four. Huh? Just because just because it's cool or why? Because what if you wanted to say sort it by the date. And if you do that, it's going to go one, 10, two, 22. You'll do it like that. So that's why you want the zero in front. Groovy. Yeah. Okay. So that's great. And then do space
Quite four. Huh? Just because just because it's cool or why? Because what if you wanted to say sort it by the date. And if you do that, it's going to go one, 10, two, 22. You'll do it like that. So that's why you want the zero in front. Groovy. Yeah. Okay. So that's great. And then do space And then do space. And then you're going to do two dashes. And then the word template. Great. Space. And then the word react. And so what's happening with that is we're saying we want to create a VIT project. And we're doing that with the yarn CLI. And we want to create that project
And then do space. And then you're going to do two dashes. And then the word template. Great. Space. And then the word react. And so what's happening with that is we're saying we want to create a VIT project. And we're doing that with the yarn CLI. And we want to create that project And we want to name it Tuesday, July, and then because VIT doesn't need to necessarily be used with React, you could use VIT with VU. Because I have this as from the creator of view, you could use it with SELT, which we haven't even talked about at all. We don't need to
And we want to name it Tuesday, July, and then because VIT doesn't need to necessarily be used with React, you could use VIT with VU. Because I have this as from the creator of view, you could use it with SELT, which we haven't even talked about at all. We don't need to We don't need to. You can do it with just straight up vanilla JavaScript, which would also be a good thing for you to do at some point. But we want to tell it specifically when we generate this project, we want it to be a React project. So that should be all we need to do
We don't need to. You can do it with just straight up vanilla JavaScript, which would also be a good thing for you to do at some point. But we want to tell it specifically when we generate this project, we want it to be a React project. So that should be all we need to do If you hit space, or if you hit a space, a return, then that should generate our project. And really quick, you mentioned CLI. And for a very long time, I did not know what CLI was. I don't know why. I knew that it meant typing something like this
If you hit space, or if you hit a space, a return, then that should generate our project. And really quick, you mentioned CLI. And for a very long time, I did not know what CLI was. I don't know why. I knew that it meant typing something like this But I never knew that it was command line interface. Yeah, yeah. And a command line interface is what you do on the terminal. So like, it's a, the command line is the terminal. Those are essentially synonymous terms with each other. Yeah, again, something I was just like, oh, that's so cool
But I never knew that it was command line interface. Yeah, yeah. And a command line interface is what you do on the terminal. So like, it's a, the command line is the terminal. Those are essentially synonymous terms with each other. Yeah, again, something I was just like, oh, that's so cool Awesome. So you should be able to find that project now in your, your VS code. So actually, before we do that real quick, I want to just try something in the, in your terminal, write the word code. Yeah. And then do a space and then write the name of your project that you just created. Yeah
Awesome. So you should be able to find that project now in your, your VS code. So actually, before we do that real quick, I want to just try something in the, in your terminal, write the word code. Yeah. And then do a space and then write the name of your project that you just created. Yeah Yeah. And then see what happens when you do that. Okay. So we, we would need to configure that first. So this is a, this is a nice kind of thing that lets you just like, I mainly open your project from VS code. But for now, you should be able to just go like, find it within your, your VS code
Yeah. And then see what happens when you do that. Okay. So we, we would need to configure that first. So this is a, this is a nice kind of thing that lets you just like, I mainly open your project from VS code. But for now, you should be able to just go like, find it within your, your VS code Okay. I barely know how to use VS code. So this will be fun. Yep. So let's see. First, actually, just close that out entirely because you're already in a project. So yeah, just close that out, like hit the red. Yep. And then go to file. I didn't know if that actually closed it. Oh, that's fancy
Okay. I barely know how to use VS code. So this will be fun. Yep. So let's see. First, actually, just close that out entirely because you're already in a project. So yeah, just close that out, like hit the red. Yep. And then go to file. I didn't know if that actually closed it. Oh, that's fancy Oh, that's fancy. Look at that. Yeah. That's how you close them out. All right. Yeah. So you want to go to file and then open workspace from file, I think. Let's see. Open. I never do this. I never had to do this really quick. Open folder. Is what you want to do. There you go. Yeah
Oh, that's fancy. Look at that. Yeah. That's how you close them out. All right. Yeah. So you want to go to file and then open workspace from file, I think. Let's see. Open. I never do this. I never had to do this really quick. Open folder. Is what you want to do. There you go. Yeah There you go. Yeah. So, so cancel out and then hit the red again. So go back to file and then open folder. Got it. Thank you. Yeah. And then that was, that would have been generated in like your Gen Genod folder. Yep. Yep. And then open. Don't do anything else. Yep. Just that. I am cool. Great
There you go. Yeah. So, so cancel out and then hit the red again. So go back to file and then open folder. Got it. Thank you. Yeah. And then that was, that would have been generated in like your Gen Genod folder. Yep. Yep. And then open. Don't do anything else. Yep. Just that. I am cool. Great I am cool. Great. Okay. So now let's go back to your terminal. And now what we're going to do is we're going to do CD, which is change directory. And we're going to enter that project. So give it your name again. Thank you. Click back. You got to move back. Maybe. Yep. Just like that. Great
I am cool. Great. Okay. So now let's go back to your terminal. And now what we're going to do is we're going to do CD, which is change directory. And we're going to enter that project. So give it your name again. Thank you. Click back. You got to move back. Maybe. Yep. Just like that. Great Great. And then do just the word yarn and then execute that. And what that's going to do is that's going to install your dependencies. So anytime you're doing a JavaScript project on your computer, the JavaScript project is usually made up of a bunch of code other people wrote
Great. And then do just the word yarn and then execute that. And what that's going to do is that's going to install your dependencies. So anytime you're doing a JavaScript project on your computer, the JavaScript project is usually made up of a bunch of code other people wrote So like you didn't write the code for feet. You didn't write the code for react. But we're creating a project that's using those dependencies is the term. So we have to first download those from the internet onto your computer. So that's what's happening with the step. Okay
So like you didn't write the code for feet. You didn't write the code for react. But we're creating a project that's using those dependencies is the term. So we have to first download those from the internet onto your computer. So that's what's happening with the step. Okay Okay. And so just to make sure I'm following along, because we opened it in Visual Studio, that's the reason why we were able to change directories to it because we were able to show that it existed by opening it
Okay. And so just to make sure I'm following along, because we opened it in Visual Studio, that's the reason why we were able to change directories to it because we were able to show that it existed by opening it So the visual studio code part is completely kind of be coupled from what we're doing right now. So your terminal always has kind of like a state that it's in. And so if you see right now on your command line, you see how it says Tuesday, July, oh, five, it didn't say that before
So the visual studio code part is completely kind of be coupled from what we're doing right now. So your terminal always has kind of like a state that it's in. And so if you see right now on your command line, you see how it says Tuesday, July, oh, five, it didn't say that before That's because you're like inside that directory. And so the code you're looking at on Visual Studio code is just because you have that code on your computer and you opened up an arbitrary folder over there. You can open a terminal inside VS code
That's because you're like inside that directory. And so the code you're looking at on Visual Studio code is just because you have that code on your computer and you opened up an arbitrary folder over there. You can open a terminal inside VS code I like to kind of keep them separate because I also I use a specific terminal that is called warp as like, visualize really nice stuff. So I didn't keep them separate. You could have opened your project in Visual Studio code generated and done that all through the terminal in Visual Studio code
I like to kind of keep them separate because I also I use a specific terminal that is called warp as like, visualize really nice stuff. So I didn't keep them separate. You could have opened your project in Visual Studio code generated and done that all through the terminal in Visual Studio code But right now the two are kind of separate, but they're both doing things on your computer. That makes sense. Yes. I just wanted to get a bit more detail of it because I was like, I'm following along, but I don't know if anybody else would that has hasn't been here yet. Yeah
But right now the two are kind of separate, but they're both doing things on your computer. That makes sense. Yes. I just wanted to get a bit more detail of it because I was like, I'm following along, but I don't know if anybody else would that has hasn't been here yet. Yeah Yeah. This is this is the time of stuff. It's like it's just getting into the workflow of like how do you like open a project and work with it is like, this is what I really do
Yeah. This is this is the time of stuff. It's like it's just getting into the workflow of like how do you like open a project and work with it is like, this is what I really do How do you recommend people start with things like code sandbox because you wouldn't you didn't need to know any of this do code sandbox. You just like opened up a browser and start writing code and it had your whole development environment set up for you. So that's great
How do you recommend people start with things like code sandbox because you wouldn't you didn't need to know any of this do code sandbox. You just like opened up a browser and start writing code and it had your whole development environment set up for you. So that's great So that's great. But at a certain point, you got to learn how to do it locally. Yeah. There's a lot of reasons why, but it's just some of you got to eventually learn to do and then you'll be glad you did it. But yeah, that's that's a big reason I'm also excited about. Yeah, right
So that's great. But at a certain point, you got to learn how to do it locally. Yeah. There's a lot of reasons why, but it's just some of you got to eventually learn to do and then you'll be glad you did it. But yeah, that's that's a big reason I'm also excited about. Yeah, right Yeah, right. Going through and doing a code review because I'm like, I'm pretty sure I wrote it in each team. Yeah, your font size are still a little too small. That work. Do one more on the terminal and then go back to and then close that up a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. Cool
Yeah, right. Going through and doing a code review because I'm like, I'm pretty sure I wrote it in each team. Yeah, your font size are still a little too small. That work. Do one more on the terminal and then go back to and then close that up a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. Cool Yeah. Yeah. Cool. And then open up your VS code a little bit more and then bump that font up like three times. Yeah, that's pretty good. Cool. And then you can also excited that get started thing. Yeah. And so you also see how now you have that folder called node modules
Yeah. Yeah. Cool. And then open up your VS code a little bit more and then bump that font up like three times. Yeah, that's pretty good. Cool. And then you can also excited that get started thing. Yeah. And so you also see how now you have that folder called node modules That is what it's downloaded when you ran yarn. So open it. Okay. And then close it and never looking at it again. Cool. I like that. So just scare you. Don't ever look at your node modules. I'll stress you out because there's like hundreds of badges in there. You have no idea what they're doing
That is what it's downloaded when you ran yarn. So open it. Okay. And then close it and never looking at it again. Cool. I like that. So just scare you. Don't ever look at your node modules. I'll stress you out because there's like hundreds of badges in there. You have no idea what they're doing You try to look at the code. You're having no idea what it's doing. One day, that's exciting. You will have to go into your node modules and actually change something and that will be the day you will know your senior developer. Don't worry about that. I'll get there. Don't ever look at that
You try to look at the code. You're having no idea what it's doing. One day, that's exciting. You will have to go into your node modules and actually change something and that will be the day you will know your senior developer. Don't worry about that. I'll get there. Don't ever look at that That's good advice. Yeah. From a load no sound talking about. Okay. Awesome. Okay. Now here comes the magic. So now what we have to do is we've generated our project. We have some code. Now we need to actually run it locally on our machine
That's good advice. Yeah. From a load no sound talking about. Okay. Awesome. Okay. Now here comes the magic. So now what we have to do is we've generated our project. We have some code. Now we need to actually run it locally on our machine So the way we're going to do that is we're going to type yarn space dev in our terminal. Yep. And then hit that. And then it's going to tell you that this is now running on local host 3000. And I'm assuming you probably don't know what local host is
So the way we're going to do that is we're going to type yarn space dev in our terminal. Yep. And then hit that. And then it's going to tell you that this is now running on local host 3000. And I'm assuming you probably don't know what local host is Local host means it's only updated into your computer. It's not actually pushing it out to anything because it's not connected to HTTPS or anything. That was a great answer. That's exactly what it is. Yes
Local host means it's only updated into your computer. It's not actually pushing it out to anything because it's not connected to HTTPS or anything. That was a great answer. That's exactly what it is. Yes Yes. Don't like I'm still really stuck on like understanding going from like browsers from I'm guessing you want me to open this in Chrome or yes. Yeah. Yeah. I'm assuming you don't have brave. I don't even know what you just said to me
Yes. Don't like I'm still really stuck on like understanding going from like browsers from I'm guessing you want me to open this in Chrome or yes. Yeah. Yeah. I'm assuming you don't have brave. I don't even know what you just said to me Brave is a more crypto native browser that has like crypto wallets and stuff built into it. We already talked about this. I'm not allowed to look at that stuff until I understand this. Yeah. Exactly. And that's a good thing. So now here you are. So this is a React app. You have created a React app
Brave is a more crypto native browser that has like crypto wallets and stuff built into it. We already talked about this. I'm not allowed to look at that stuff until I understand this. Yeah. Exactly. And that's a good thing. So now here you are. So this is a React app. You have created a React app You are now a React developer. And now just to make sure that that count does something you got to click the count button. That's part of the ritual. Well, that was exciting. I know. Right. I have no idea how well like okay. I understood a lot of it. Yeah
You are now a React developer. And now just to make sure that that count does something you got to click the count button. That's part of the ritual. Well, that was exciting. I know. Right. I have no idea how well like okay. I understood a lot of it. Yeah Yeah. So now we're you look at the code actually because we haven't looked today in the code yet. So that'll kind of help us out here. So what you should do now is you should rearrange your windows so we can have all three of these on screen at the same time. Yeah
Yeah. So now we're you look at the code actually because we haven't looked today in the code yet. So that'll kind of help us out here. So what you should do now is you should rearrange your windows so we can have all three of these on screen at the same time. Yeah Yeah. I would say you could move your move your React app. So it's kind of just below your terminal. So your terminal you only need a little bit of screen real estate right now. Yeah. That's pretty good. Perfect. Yeah. And then just keep don't touch your terminal at all
Yeah. I would say you could move your move your React app. So it's kind of just below your terminal. So your terminal you only need a little bit of screen real estate right now. Yeah. That's pretty good. Perfect. Yeah. And then just keep don't touch your terminal at all That's just look and set and forget that for now. And then yeah. And then you could even probably move that up even a little bit more and just have it on top of there. Yeah. That's great. Okay. Cool. So now you want to go to the SRC folder in VisualStore. And then go to app.jsx
That's just look and set and forget that for now. And then yeah. And then you could even probably move that up even a little bit more and just have it on top of there. Yeah. That's great. Okay. Cool. So now you want to go to the SRC folder in VisualStore. And then go to app.jsxjsx. So you know this how it's not a .js file. It's a .jsx file. So I was talking about how this is kind of JavaScript but not exactly. So it's something called JavaScript extension language
jsx. So you know this how it's not a .js file. It's a .jsx file. So I was talking about how this is kind of JavaScript but not exactly. So it's something called JavaScript extension language And the reason why is because right now what you're going to be looking at is you're going to be looking at a combination of JavaScript and HTML at the same time. So you have a JavaScript function. And that JavaScript function is returning a bunch of HTML. I comprehend the words you're saying
And the reason why is because right now what you're going to be looking at is you're going to be looking at a combination of JavaScript and HTML at the same time. So you have a JavaScript function. And that JavaScript function is returning a bunch of HTML. I comprehend the words you're saying Yeah. So it's very. So go into that file and everything under hello, v plus react delete that. Oh. Yeah. So from there and then go down a little bit. Down a little bit more. And then yeah. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. I can't see entirely to the bottom
Yeah. So it's very. So go into that file and everything under hello, v plus react delete that. Oh. Yeah. So from there and then go down a little bit. Down a little bit more. And then yeah. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. I can't see entirely to the bottom And then the div and don't delete the header. Yep. And delete all that. And then save. And now you saw the change on the left. And also part of your screen is being blocked right now by the header of your streaming setup. Oh, yeah. I can turn that off. Yeah
And then the div and don't delete the header. Yep. And delete all that. And then save. And now you saw the change on the left. And also part of your screen is being blocked right now by the header of your streaming setup. Oh, yeah. I can turn that off. Yeah Yeah. So hey, now we know that I need to make it smaller and in a different spot. Yeah. Or just account for it with how you position the windows on your your screen. However you want. So now what we want to do is where it says the p tag change that to just say hello from teach gen tech. Great
Yeah. So hey, now we know that I need to make it smaller and in a different spot. Yeah. Or just account for it with how you position the windows on your your screen. However you want. So now what we want to do is where it says the p tag change that to just say hello from teach gen tech. Great Great. And then save. And then you'll see that change in your window. So that's what I mean. That is that's HTML. That's a p tag. So you've written a time of HTML before I bet. Yes. Yeah. So that should make sense that you all see there's an image tag there. And there's a div. Right. Yes. Yeah
Great. And then save. And then you'll see that change in your window. So that's what I mean. That is that's HTML. That's a p tag. So you've written a time of HTML before I bet. Yes. Yeah. So that should make sense that you all see there's an image tag there. And there's a div. Right. Yes. Yeah Right. Yes. Yeah. So that is the HTML part. But then above that you have the function app. And so that's a function. And so that's not HTML. You can't write functions in HTML. You write functions in JavaScript. So that's why I say this is a JavaScript function that literally returns HTML
Right. Yes. Yeah. So that is the HTML part. But then above that you have the function app. And so that's a function. And so that's not HTML. You can't write functions in HTML. You write functions in JavaScript. So that's why I say this is a JavaScript function that literally returns HTML I think this is going to be something that like everything again you're saying is making sense. I think it's like when I go through last week's training in more detail because we wrote some things in JavaScript and some things in HTML. And now I'm like stuck on I get what you're saying
I think this is going to be something that like everything again you're saying is making sense. I think it's like when I go through last week's training in more detail because we wrote some things in JavaScript and some things in HTML. And now I'm like stuck on I get what you're saying What's what? Yeah. Yeah. And then like that's not going to be that easier for you. If any of these are a little more complicated for while it says you'll be mashing it up altogether. Okay. But um, the, the, the, the, your, Gary is going to have more questions later on. Like, got it. I'm learning
What's what? Yeah. Yeah. And then like that's not going to be that easier for you. If any of these are a little more complicated for while it says you'll be mashing it up altogether. Okay. But um, the, the, the, the, your, Gary is going to have more questions later on. Like, got it. I'm learning I'm learning. I'm, I'm following for the moment. And then we're going to delete one more thing where it says const count set count you state. Delete that. That was for our counter. We're all going to worry about that too much. That's going to be your react 102 will be learning you state
I'm learning. I'm, I'm following for the moment. And then we're going to delete one more thing where it says const count set count you state. Delete that. That was for our counter. We're all going to worry about that too much. That's going to be your react 102 will be learning you state But for now, we're, we're good to go. And then just for the my sanity delete line six. And then line 11. Would you also delete line 15? No, because I, because you want to have a space in between your imports and your function and in between your functions and your export
But for now, we're, we're good to go. And then just for the my sanity delete line six. And then line 11. Would you also delete line 15? No, because I, because you want to have a space in between your imports and your function and in between your functions and your export Not because it's going to break anything just because that's the standard is going to look weird if you don't do that. Because there's always going to be three pieces here. You're going to have your imports, which is the stuff you need to make this component work
Not because it's going to break anything just because that's the standard is going to look weird if you don't do that. Because there's always going to be three pieces here. You're going to have your imports, which is the stuff you need to make this component work And then there's going to be the component itself, which is going to have a name. And then there's going to be you need to export the component. So that's so you can bring the component into another file. So let's also delete the import you state at line once from no longer using that
And then there's going to be the component itself, which is going to have a name. And then there's going to be you need to export the component. So that's so you can bring the component into another file. So let's also delete the import you state at line once from no longer using that And again, you don't need to worry about you state at all at this point. And then save that. And now just to kind of explain what I mean about this being exported now go to main.jsx. So here you see online three were importing the app from the app file
And again, you don't need to worry about you state at all at this point. And then save that. And now just to kind of explain what I mean about this being exported now go to main.jsx. So here you see online three were importing the app from the app file And then we're having the app displayed in our react.dom create root. This is another react ism that you don't, don't need to worry about really understanding right now. But the point is is that all of your components basically get smushed together into this one kind of like Uber component
And then we're having the app displayed in our react.dom create root. This is another react ism that you don't, don't need to worry about really understanding right now. But the point is is that all of your components basically get smushed together into this one kind of like Uber component And that component is then your entire app. So anytime you're trying to like trace back an issue, you can always be like, okay, where is this component? And like has it sit in was called the component hierarchy. This is more react terms that is going to take a little while. It's like syncing
And that component is then your entire app. So anytime you're trying to like trace back an issue, you can always be like, okay, where is this component? And like has it sit in was called the component hierarchy. This is more react terms that is going to take a little while. It's like syncing It's like syncing. But the point is is that every file has a component. It exports a component that component can be imported into other files. On if you're exporting it into other files, if you update the original one, we'll update everywhere else without having to go to backtrack it
It's like syncing. But the point is is that every file has a component. It exports a component that component can be imported into other files. On if you're exporting it into other files, if you update the original one, we'll update everywhere else without having to go to backtrack it And that's why when you're updating it in app.jsx, you're changing things and you're saving it and you're instantly seeing the change. You didn't have to go into main.jsx to do anything else, right? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And yeah, good
And that's why when you're updating it in app.jsx, you're changing things and you're saving it and you're instantly seeing the change. You didn't have to go into main.jsx to do anything else, right? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And yeah, good And yeah, good. Is there anything outside of going into the individual files that are going to tell us the hierarchy? There's what are called the reacted dev tools, which will give you kind of more visibility into the component hierarchy
And yeah, good. Is there anything outside of going into the individual files that are going to tell us the hierarchy? There's what are called the reacted dev tools, which will give you kind of more visibility into the component hierarchy So that's the thing that you'll probably want to get into at some point. If you plan on becoming like a reactive, this is the thing that like you don't necessarily need to ever write react
So that's the thing that you'll probably want to get into at some point. If you plan on becoming like a reactive, this is the thing that like you don't necessarily need to ever write react Like it's I think it's an important thing for developers to learn because it's kind of becoming the standard in a lot of ways as what a lot of front devs are expected to know. But if you want, you could like write spelt and spelt doesn't have the same kind of hierarchy idea
Like it's I think it's an important thing for developers to learn because it's kind of becoming the standard in a lot of ways as what a lot of front devs are expected to know. But if you want, you could like write spelt and spelt doesn't have the same kind of hierarchy idea It's kind of a little bit different. Like there's similar things, but it's not exactly the same. So for the most part, you're going to get deeper into some frameworks and you're going to like install tooling that's going to give you better visibility into them
It's kind of a little bit different. Like there's similar things, but it's not exactly the same. So for the most part, you're going to get deeper into some frameworks and you're going to like install tooling that's going to give you better visibility into them You'll build mental models around them that are kind of unique to them. So for now, it's just like we're kind of just doing like a high level overview. And I just the point of this whole stream was not really necessary to teach you react, but to show you how to get a react app online
You'll build mental models around them that are kind of unique to them. So for now, it's just like we're kind of just doing like a high level overview. And I just the point of this whole stream was not really necessary to teach you react, but to show you how to get a react app online That's really gave me the cool part here because right now you don't have a website. You have a thing sitting on your computer running on local hosts and that doesn't help anybody
That's really gave me the cool part here because right now you don't have a website. You have a thing sitting on your computer running on local hosts and that doesn't help anybody So for me, the thing that I think is really cool is that now we're at a point where you can get this onto a get repo and then log into something like First Cell or Netlify and you can click a button and it's going to deploy it for you
So for me, the thing that I think is really cool is that now we're at a point where you can get this onto a get repo and then log into something like First Cell or Netlify and you can click a button and it's going to deploy it for you And so first, let's make sure that we can get this onto a get repo at all. So I should have asked this before. Actually, do you have a GitHub account? Yes. Great. That's very important. So yeah, let's go to GitHub. And actually, before I let me show you cool trick actually. Okay. Just type repo
And so first, let's make sure that we can get this onto a get repo at all. So I should have asked this before. Actually, do you have a GitHub account? Yes. Great. That's very important. So yeah, let's go to GitHub. And actually, before I let me show you cool trick actually. Okay. Just type repo Just type repo. Actually, first, go back into your terminal and hit Control C. That's commands that you write in control C not command. Yeah. Control C. There we go. Yeah. So that did that that killed our development server. So now it's no longer right
Just type repo. Actually, first, go back into your terminal and hit Control C. That's commands that you write in control C not command. Yeah. Control C. There we go. Yeah. So that did that that killed our development server. So now it's no longer right So if you go refresh in local host 3000, your react app will no longer be there. Yep. There you go. And that's good. Because right now our app is done. You've written the entire app where we're finished with it. It's so exciting. I feel like I can mess things up very well there. I'm excited
So if you go refresh in local host 3000, your react app will no longer be there. Yep. There you go. And that's good. Because right now our app is done. You've written the entire app where we're finished with it. It's so exciting. I feel like I can mess things up very well there. I'm excited I'm excited. So now go back into your browser and just go to repo.new. Come and there. So remember that one. That's cool. Yep. And give your repository name the same name as your project. Okay. Cool. Then we want it to be public and keep all that exactly way. It is. Don't change anything
I'm excited. So now go back into your browser and just go to repo.new. Come and there. So remember that one. That's cool. Yep. And give your repository name the same name as your project. Okay. Cool. Then we want it to be public and keep all that exactly way. It is. Don't change anything And then hit create repository. And what's cool is they're going to give you a set of instructions to actually get this on there. So if you see the instructions, don't do the echo because you already have a or you technically don't have a remeber to skip that instruction anyway. Go to them
And then hit create repository. And what's cool is they're going to give you a set of instructions to actually get this on there. So if you see the instructions, don't do the echo because you already have a or you technically don't have a remeber to skip that instruction anyway. Go to them Go to them. Start with get a net. Yeah. And then do that. And then don't get excited. This is that's not an error. That's good. So it's letting you know you this is a something that we should do later is configure or thing
Go to them. Start with get a net. Yeah. And then do that. And then don't get excited. This is that's not an error. That's good. So it's letting you know you this is a something that we should do later is configure or thing So it uses main set of master because people don't use the term master anymore. They use the term main. But there's a step within this flow that will change it to main for you. So next do get add. So get with the i. Oh yeah. I got you know just like hearing it and typing it. That's right. Yeah
So it uses main set of master because people don't use the term master anymore. They use the term main. But there's a step within this flow that will change it to main for you. So next do get add. So get with the i. Oh yeah. I got you know just like hearing it and typing it. That's right. Yeah That's right. Yeah. So get add. And then do space and a period. And so what that's going to do is that's going to put all of your changes into the staging area. This is also get speak. Don't worry about that too much. And then now copy the get commit dash m command from the browser. Yep. Perfect
That's right. Yeah. So get add. And then do space and a period. And so what that's going to do is that's going to put all of your changes into the staging area. This is also get speak. Don't worry about that too much. And then now copy the get commit dash m command from the browser. Yep. Perfect Yep. Perfect. So that committed to everything. Now do the get branch. And that's going to change your branch from master to main. Cool. And then do the next one. This is going to set the remote
Yep. Perfect. So that committed to everything. Now do the get branch. And that's going to change your branch from master to main. Cool. And then do the next one. This is going to set the remote So this is what's going to actually connect your current project to this online get hub repository online. And then the last one is actually going to push your project up into this repo. Yes. And you will you'll do. Okay. So you're going to have to log in. It should hide it for you
So this is what's going to actually connect your current project to this online get hub repository online. And then the last one is actually going to push your project up into this repo. Yes. And you will you'll do. Okay. So you're going to have to log in. It should hide it for you I don't know if it necessarily will. You might want to pull off screen just in case. I'll say go off screen just in case it should hide it for you though. I don't even know what I. Yeah. Also get a password manager if you already have one
I don't know if it necessarily will. You might want to pull off screen just in case. I'll say go off screen just in case it should hide it for you though. I don't even know what I. Yeah. Also get a password manager if you already have one I pay one password that's actually like a piece of software I pay for because it is extremely nice. It's going to save you hundreds of hours of your life just to pay for it. So I would recommend getting a one password account. It'll change your life. Um. Please use a personal access token. Hold on
I pay one password that's actually like a piece of software I pay for because it is extremely nice. It's going to save you hundreds of hours of your life just to pay for it. So I would recommend getting a one password account. It'll change your life. Um. Please use a personal access token. Hold on Hold on. Oh no. That's not good. Okay. So that's weird. Um. Okay. There's another kind of stupid hacky way. I think we might be able to do this. Let's see actually. Um. Let's try logging in to um. I was just fine. This is freaking git man. Every time. Yeah
Hold on. Oh no. That's not good. Okay. So that's weird. Um. Okay. There's another kind of stupid hacky way. I think we might be able to do this. Let's see actually. Um. Let's try logging in to um. I was just fine. This is freaking git man. Every time. Yeah Every time. Yeah. Try from the the VS code terminal instead. Okay. And is it sign-in to sync settings? That one. Um. No, no. So do command J. Great. And then run that last command again. The git push or as you mean
Every time. Yeah. Try from the the VS code terminal instead. Okay. And is it sign-in to sync settings? That one. Um. No, no. So do command J. Great. And then run that last command again. The git push or as you mean I don't think I think you're going to have to log in to get up through VS code for this to work. So let's first see what this does. It's give Paul. Give me the same thing. I'm teaching a remonal sources stuff over here. Oh, yes. That's perfect. Okay
I don't think I think you're going to have to log in to get up through VS code for this to work. So let's first see what this does. It's give Paul. Give me the same thing. I'm teaching a remonal sources stuff over here. Oh, yes. That's perfect. Okay Okay. This is what's nice about the fact that all these companies are now owned by the same company. So GitHub is owned by the company that makes VS code. So you just got to remember your password
Okay. This is what's nice about the fact that all these companies are now owned by the same company. So GitHub is owned by the company that makes VS code. So you just got to remember your password Did you not know you're getting a password? No, I just set up all these accounts and I made them all different passwords. So yeah, this is and you don't have a bad. So where are you saving your passwords? Are you just trying to remember them all? You know what? I wouldn't prepare it
Did you not know you're getting a password? No, I just set up all these accounts and I made them all different passwords. So yeah, this is and you don't have a bad. So where are you saving your passwords? Are you just trying to remember them all? You know what? I wouldn't prepare it I didn't even think I'd have to log in. Yeah, no, it's until a fine. Yeah, you're getting a lot of password manager. Definitely for sure. I would say if you need to, you can go reset your password right now. And that will take you to. Oh, hey, is that it? Hey, Chrome might have saved it. Sweet
I didn't even think I'd have to log in. Yeah, no, it's until a fine. Yeah, you're getting a lot of password manager. Definitely for sure. I would say if you need to, you can go reset your password right now. And that will take you to. Oh, hey, is that it? Hey, Chrome might have saved it. Sweet Sweet. But I can't really, I'll reset it after this. Yeah. Yay. Great. Okay. And then close that. We'll there window. Okay. Okay. Go back to the close that one out too. Close that one out too. And then hit refresh. And this one? Yeah. There's your project. Yay. Next class. Great
Sweet. But I can't really, I'll reset it after this. Yeah. Yay. Great. Okay. And then close that. We'll there window. Okay. Okay. Go back to the close that one out too. Close that one out too. And then hit refresh. And this one? Yeah. There's your project. Yay. Next class. Great Next class. Great. Next step should be very simple. Just go to versatile.com. Oh, right. Okay. Yep. Yeah. There we go. Cool. And then let's let's open this up to just to be the whole thing because this should be all you need right now. And then also bump your font up a couple, a couple times. Yeah
Next class. Great. Next step should be very simple. Just go to versatile.com. Oh, right. Okay. Yep. Yeah. There we go. Cool. And then let's let's open this up to just to be the whole thing because this should be all you need right now. And then also bump your font up a couple, a couple times. Yeah Yeah. That's perfect. And then hit new project. Yep. And then. So add GitHub account. Yep. Thank you for staying long. Then I appreciate you. Get home. And click on that and then import. And then notice there's something very cool happening here. You see how it says, Vets already. Yes
Yeah. That's perfect. And then hit new project. Yep. And then. So add GitHub account. Yep. Thank you for staying long. Then I appreciate you. Get home. And click on that and then import. And then notice there's something very cool happening here. You see how it says, Vets already. Yes Yes. So for cell can literally look at your project and tell what it needs to build. So this is incredible. If you click the little drop down under framework preset. Yeah. Oh, wow. So you see redwood dashes in there. Yes. That's the team on. So there's like all of these
Yes. So for cell can literally look at your project and tell what it needs to build. So this is incredible. If you click the little drop down under framework preset. Yeah. Oh, wow. So you see redwood dashes in there. Yes. That's the team on. So there's like all of these I know the creators are probably about half of these frameworks. So if you're ever looking for more guests, I can personally introduce you to a lot of these people
I know the creators are probably about half of these frameworks. So if you're ever looking for more guests, I can personally introduce you to a lot of these people But this is what's really, really cool about Versel is that you don't have to configure your project to tell Versel how to build it and how to put it on the RNA. It literally looks at your project and lets you just click a button and it's going to put it on the RNA for you. Okay. Yeah
But this is what's really, really cool about Versel is that you don't have to configure your project to tell Versel how to build it and how to put it on the RNA. It literally looks at your project and lets you just click a button and it's going to put it on the RNA for you. Okay. Yeah Okay. Yeah. So just click out of that because you're already all set up. And then hit deploy. Now I'm just curious what these are though. Cool. Yeah. I mean, I can explain this. So when I was talking about how you need to build it, that's the transformer from the JS, JSX to the JS
Okay. Yeah. So just click out of that because you're already all set up. And then hit deploy. Now I'm just curious what these are though. Cool. Yeah. I mean, I can explain this. So when I was talking about how you need to build it, that's the transformer from the JS, JSX to the JS So it's going to run NPN Run Build, which is running the beat build command. And you could do that on your own computer too and then kind of see what that does. I skipped that step just for kind of time
So it's going to run NPN Run Build, which is running the beat build command. And you could do that on your own computer too and then kind of see what that does. I skipped that step just for kind of time Say, yeah, but what it does is it takes your entire project and then bundles it together and it puts it in a folder called DIST. So that's the output directory. And then the output directory is now where your project lives
Say, yeah, but what it does is it takes your entire project and then bundles it together and it puts it in a folder called DIST. So that's the output directory. And then the output directory is now where your project lives And so when you're coding on local host, that's the thing that I was saying takes web pack a long time. It needs to take your code. It needs to turn it into this other thing that's in a different folder with completely different code
And so when you're coding on local host, that's the thing that I was saying takes web pack a long time. It needs to take your code. It needs to turn it into this other thing that's in a different folder with completely different code And then it needs to take that code and actually run it in your browser. So there's all those steps involved that beat is kind of doing for you. When you're deploying it, your code isn't changing. Hopefully your code just stays the same. Once it's done and you want to deploy it
And then it needs to take that code and actually run it in your browser. So there's all those steps involved that beat is kind of doing for you. When you're deploying it, your code isn't changing. Hopefully your code just stays the same. Once it's done and you want to deploy it So it just takes that. It does the build step once. And then your project is built as in this DIST folder. And then that is the thing that actually gets shipped to the server that runs your website. I'll ask you about that again after I learn more
So it just takes that. It does the build step once. And then your project is built as in this DIST folder. And then that is the thing that actually gets shipped to the server that runs your website. I'll ask you about that again after I learn more And this is, but this is awesome about these platforms is you don't need to know any of this stuff. This is stuff that's important to know because certain points stuff is going to break and you're not going to know why you need to know how to debug it
And this is, but this is awesome about these platforms is you don't need to know any of this stuff. This is stuff that's important to know because certain points stuff is going to break and you're not going to know why you need to know how to debug it But at this point, all of this is going to be done for you. You don't need to really understand any of that. I didn't. I deployed like two dozen websites to first of all before I understood that a project was being built and put into a DIST folder. You know, because it just does it for you
But at this point, all of this is going to be done for you. You don't need to really understand any of that. I didn't. I deployed like two dozen websites to first of all before I understood that a project was being built and put into a DIST folder. You know, because it just does it for you All right, click the actually the building a little arrow. And then you can, oh, two, two, it's already done. Yay. Go to your dashboard. And then go to domains. Yep. And then click that. And then drop that baby in the chat. So everyone else can see your wonderful new website you just created. Yay
All right, click the actually the building a little arrow. And then you can, oh, two, two, it's already done. Yay. Go to your dashboard. And then go to domains. Yep. And then click that. And then drop that baby in the chat. So everyone else can see your wonderful new website you just created. Yay Yay. Cool. You did it. You deployed, you deployed a React app to Versailles with feet. Cool, right? It is. It is. I'm also thinking how I'm going to remake one of these. Totally. And dude, this is this is what I like this is what I do for my job
Yay. Cool. You did it. You deployed, you deployed a React app to Versailles with feet. Cool, right? It is. It is. I'm also thinking how I'm going to remake one of these. Totally. And dude, this is this is what I like this is what I do for my job I create little example apps and then I deploy them to a deployment provider. And then I have an example app and I can show it to people like this is like this is like what what I just showed you like this is my actual workflow for actual projects. I that's because I'm a dev advocate
I create little example apps and then I deploy them to a deployment provider. And then I have an example app and I can show it to people like this is like this is like what what I just showed you like this is my actual workflow for actual projects. I that's because I'm a dev advocate Like obviously if you're building a whole production app, you're not usually spinning up lots and lots of new projects and deploying lots and lots of projects are usually working on a single project that was built 10 years ago and is only deployed in one area
Like obviously if you're building a whole production app, you're not usually spinning up lots and lots of new projects and deploying lots and lots of projects are usually working on a single project that was built 10 years ago and is only deployed in one area But for what you want to do, you want to be in Debra, you want to be a dev advocate, you're going to do this 100 times in the next year minimum. I'm letting it so again. Okay, so for homework, a few questions
But for what you want to do, you want to be in Debra, you want to be a dev advocate, you're going to do this 100 times in the next year minimum. I'm letting it so again. Okay, so for homework, a few questions I will just to keep the same theme on every single one of them, I will write my three or four favorite podcasts just on this and so if I want to change the logo, would I just upload another SVG file? I'm just do I just google it and see if I can figure my way out of it. You could do that
I will just to keep the same theme on every single one of them, I will write my three or four favorite podcasts just on this and so if I want to change the logo, would I just upload another SVG file? I'm just do I just google it and see if I can figure my way out of it. You could do that You could do that. You could literally just take what's written in the logo to SVG and rewrite that because anyone have to worry about importing a different thing back into your app.jsx or you can create a new file with a new SVG. But in your app area, how to import that without being another step
You could do that. You could literally just take what's written in the logo to SVG and rewrite that because anyone have to worry about importing a different thing back into your app.jsx or you can create a new file with a new SVG. But in your app area, how to import that without being another step So yeah, there's so many different ways you can do stuff and react to so many different avenues of how you can start actually building this out into your own custom app. So yeah, I'll probably be for the next episode though. Okay, well, I have my homework set up for me. That's
So yeah, there's so many different ways you can do stuff and react to so many different avenues of how you can start actually building this out into your own custom app. So yeah, I'll probably be for the next episode though. Okay, well, I have my homework set up for me. That's That's. Yeah, and we're most saying there may be some CSS wiring, you'll have to do right now is set up where you have an index.css and app.css. So those should already be set up
That's. Yeah, and we're most saying there may be some CSS wiring, you'll have to do right now is set up where you have an index.css and app.css. So those should already be set up But CSS and how CSS kind of comes into the picture is kind of its own separate complicated question because I want to have the pain of how you should do CSS and some people want to write regular CSS and people want you something like tailwind and like you you have to actually bring out CSS experts to talk about CSS because I don't know I don't write CSS at all
But CSS and how CSS kind of comes into the picture is kind of its own separate complicated question because I want to have the pain of how you should do CSS and some people want to write regular CSS and people want you something like tailwind and like you you have to actually bring out CSS experts to talk about CSS because I don't know I don't write CSS at all Not because I think CSS is beneath me because I think CSS is too complicated for me. Okay, that's going to be a lot of fun. Yeah, okay, well, and okay, this might be a very, very silly question, but you're going to ask it anyway
Not because I think CSS is beneath me because I think CSS is too complicated for me. Okay, that's going to be a lot of fun. Yeah, okay, well, and okay, this might be a very, very silly question, but you're going to ask it anyway So what makes this an app compared to just a regular website like a dot com? Oh, that's a great question. So most people would say that there was between a website and a web app is that a website is static content
So what makes this an app compared to just a regular website like a dot com? Oh, that's a great question. So most people would say that there was between a website and a web app is that a website is static content So a website would be say a blog post that you can read, whereas a web app has a button that has a counter on it that you can click to make it change
So a website would be say a blog post that you can read, whereas a web app has a button that has a counter on it that you can click to make it change So that's kind of the, so if you think about it like when you have a blog or if you have imagined like a a restaurant's menu, so you have a restaurant, you have a menu, you can read the menu. That would be a website
So that's kind of the, so if you think about it like when you have a blog or if you have imagined like a a restaurant's menu, so you have a restaurant, you have a menu, you can read the menu. That would be a website If you could also buy the food on that site and actually order it and pay, then it would be an app. Does that make sense? It does. I'm working on converting it in my head, something that will stack
If you could also buy the food on that site and actually order it and pay, then it would be an app. Does that make sense? It does. I'm working on converting it in my head, something that will stack Yeah, so basically, is it interactive or not? Can you actually interact with it and do stuff with it? Or is it just like a thing you're reading? It's just like content. That's that's kind of the distinction that most people make between a website and a web app
Yeah, so basically, is it interactive or not? Can you actually interact with it and do stuff with it? Or is it just like a thing you're reading? It's just like content. That's that's kind of the distinction that most people make between a website and a web app There's also lots of people who will like argue about the semantics of those of those two things and where the boundaries are between. I think that's it. For me, that's a nice clean boundary that I think is a pretty comprehensible. Most people will agree with. Okay
There's also lots of people who will like argue about the semantics of those of those two things and where the boundaries are between. I think that's it. For me, that's a nice clean boundary that I think is a pretty comprehensible. Most people will agree with. Okay Okay. So does that mean most web apps by, you know, non-text are called websites, even though they're web apps? Yeah, I mean like Twitter is not a website. Facebook is not a website
Okay. So does that mean most web apps by, you know, non-text are called websites, even though they're web apps? Yeah, I mean like Twitter is not a website. Facebook is not a website Any social network is not a website because by definition, if you can't interact with this, not a social app, you know? So the vast majority of things we do on the internet these days are apps, but vast majority of things on the internet are websites
Any social network is not a website because by definition, if you can't interact with this, not a social app, you know? So the vast majority of things we do on the internet these days are apps, but vast majority of things on the internet are websites Because if you think about, there's like, there's these like kind of small, you know, companies, large companies with these like very small number of apps that we interact with on a regular basis. But that's actually like a tiny, tiny, tiny fraction of the entire internet
Because if you think about, there's like, there's these like kind of small, you know, companies, large companies with these like very small number of apps that we interact with on a regular basis. But that's actually like a tiny, tiny, tiny fraction of the entire internet The vast majority of the internet is like these small little mom and pop shops and people's personal websites and things like that. So most of those are just websites with just some content that people want to put out that people can read
The vast majority of the internet is like these small little mom and pop shops and people's personal websites and things like that. So most of those are just websites with just some content that people want to put out that people can read But the things that people actually do on a day-to-day basis when they're using the internet are almost entirely web because they, you go the internet to new stuff, you know? And RSS feed. And RSS feed is a way to get content
But the things that people actually do on a day-to-day basis when they're using the internet are almost entirely web because they, you go the internet to new stuff, you know? And RSS feed. And RSS feed is a way to get content So a podcast has an RSS feed and then every time someone puts a new podcast up the out that is added to the feed and people who are subscribed to that feed get that new episode pushed to them. So you can do it with a blog, you can do it with a podcast
So a podcast has an RSS feed and then every time someone puts a new podcast up the out that is added to the feed and people who are subscribed to that feed get that new episode pushed to them. So you can do it with a blog, you can do it with a podcast So is that a web app then? RSS is neither a website or a web app. It is probably what you would call a protocol, I would guess. Yeah, that would make sense like HTTPS or iMap or Wikipedia calls it a web feed
So is that a web app then? RSS is neither a website or a web app. It is probably what you would call a protocol, I would guess. Yeah, that would make sense like HTTPS or iMap or Wikipedia calls it a web feed So I'll say you could use RSS within a website or a web app most of the time and RSS feed is kind of something that people will put on a website so that web apps can consume it. Okay. Okay. Yeah, that's yeah, that's true. You get HTML from an RSS feed
So I'll say you could use RSS within a website or a web app most of the time and RSS feed is kind of something that people will put on a website so that web apps can consume it. Okay. Okay. Yeah, that's yeah, that's true. You get HTML from an RSS feed So RSS feeds or is it actually XML technically? I think it might be. I'm like second processing mode. Yeah, no, we're starting to talk every other time. No, no, no, I think it's good
So RSS feeds or is it actually XML technically? I think it might be. I'm like second processing mode. Yeah, no, we're starting to talk every other time. No, no, no, I think it's good I think it's good because it's giving me examples of, and this is something that I love about having teach Gen Tech is I'm able to ask for things that go around it because I may be stuck on like what normally makes sense as the next step, but I'm still stuck on how this works with it
I think it's good because it's giving me examples of, and this is something that I love about having teach Gen Tech is I'm able to ask for things that go around it because I may be stuck on like what normally makes sense as the next step, but I'm still stuck on how this works with it So I'm not understanding the next step. Yeah, and you're still building mental models around all of these terms and like the technology is just like really, really the hardest thing
So I'm not understanding the next step. Yeah, and you're still building mental models around all of these terms and like the technology is just like really, really the hardest thing This is why for me like listening to podcasts was really useful because I got to hear people constantly like speak in these terms and like speak with each other about it. So yeah, like the the feed itself is XML, but a blog post inside would be asional. Yeah, exactly
This is why for me like listening to podcasts was really useful because I got to hear people constantly like speak in these terms and like speak with each other about it. So yeah, like the the feed itself is XML, but a blog post inside would be asional. Yeah, exactly Yeah, exactly. So the RSS feed itself is HTML that embeds or is XML that embeds HTML in it kind of the way that like react embeds ashym in JavaScript
Yeah, exactly. So the RSS feed itself is HTML that embeds or is XML that embeds HTML in it kind of the way that like react embeds ashym in JavaScript So that's kind of one way you can think about XML is like a very old programming language that like it's kind of baked into things like RSS, but you you will almost certainly never write XML like hopefully you won't have to write XML eight times soon
So that's kind of one way you can think about XML is like a very old programming language that like it's kind of baked into things like RSS, but you you will almost certainly never write XML like hopefully you won't have to write XML eight times soon Well, Ramon, you know what I'll be working on before our teach Gen Tech next week. So that will be exciting. And then I have a result the next day teach me about GitHub
Well, Ramon, you know what I'll be working on before our teach Gen Tech next week. So that will be exciting. And then I have a result the next day teach me about GitHub I feel like by then, I'll have a solid more solid understanding, but I do get that with Rizzo and GitHub like so much of the stuff you're going to do is you have to be based around GitHub like the more you can learn about GitHub up front the better because like it's like it's like as you saw like that was the connection point between our project and the deployment provider
I feel like by then, I'll have a solid more solid understanding, but I do get that with Rizzo and GitHub like so much of the stuff you're going to do is you have to be based around GitHub like the more you can learn about GitHub up front the better because like it's like it's like as you saw like that was the connection point between our project and the deployment provider So like and this was really cool is that if you wanted to change your project, what you need to do is you need to change something and then push it up to your Git repo and then Versel will automatically deploy that new change for you
So like and this was really cool is that if you wanted to change your project, what you need to do is you need to change something and then push it up to your Git repo and then Versel will automatically deploy that new change for you So that's that can be your homework is make make a change and then push that change to your Git repo and then see it update on your Versel site. I was going to say another thing that I think is very confusing to have answered at some point would be
So that's that can be your homework is make make a change and then push that change to your Git repo and then see it update on your Versel site. I was going to say another thing that I think is very confusing to have answered at some point would be So stoplight is my main point of reference when it comes to GitHub is we would be able to create new projects just like we did today and it would seem to GitHub
So stoplight is my main point of reference when it comes to GitHub is we would be able to create new projects just like we did today and it would seem to GitHub I think the part that is most confusing though is going from VS code to GitHub to update like I don't know I'm going to ask it after Versel. So that's where it is
I think the part that is most confusing though is going from VS code to GitHub to update like I don't know I'm going to ask it after Versel. So that's where it is This is why I say get comfortable with the command line because the command line is where you can do the commands to like do stuff with Git. You can also there's visuals to because self has Git get functionality built into it
This is why I say get comfortable with the command line because the command line is where you can do the commands to like do stuff with Git. You can also there's visuals to because self has Git get functionality built into it There's also the GitHub desktop app which so there's you're going to find that they're you're going to be able to figure out like three or four different ways to get a GitHub project on the internet. Everyone has their preferences on which ones they prefer. Some people stick with the terminals
There's also the GitHub desktop app which so there's you're going to find that they're you're going to be able to figure out like three or four different ways to get a GitHub project on the internet. Everyone has their preferences on which ones they prefer. Some people stick with the terminals Some people like having a more visual kind of desktop app way to do is some people like having it just in their code editor already. I use the GitHub desktop app for a little bit and then eventually kind of just stuck with using the terminal and VS code by itself
Some people like having a more visual kind of desktop app way to do is some people like having it just in their code editor already. I use the GitHub desktop app for a little bit and then eventually kind of just stuck with using the terminal and VS code by itself But you should play around with all these things because then you can kind of form your own opinions about how you how you like to do stuff. Okay. I just remember it's all part of the process. Like you don't need to learn this all at once
But you should play around with all these things because then you can kind of form your own opinions about how you how you like to do stuff. Okay. I just remember it's all part of the process. Like you don't need to learn this all at once You'll take in like a new tool at a time and kind of it'll start to like we'll start to a crew and before you know you're going to have like 20 these things and you're going to be a pro at all. It's just a it's all part of the process
You'll take in like a new tool at a time and kind of it'll start to like we'll start to a crew and before you know you're going to have like 20 these things and you're going to be a pro at all. It's just a it's all part of the process You know I've been doing this now for I first started learning to code in 2018 and then I did a bootcamp in 2020 and I've been working professionally in tech for a year and a half. So like that may seem like a long time. It may seem a short amount of time
You know I've been doing this now for I first started learning to code in 2018 and then I did a bootcamp in 2020 and I've been working professionally in tech for a year and a half. So like that may seem like a long time. It may seem a short amount of time It kind of depends on your perspective you know. So yeah. Thank you and thank you for your time. You definitely taught me quite a bit and I am I'm still stuck on the process inside of it because I'm like okay cool. I think I should have questions but I'm like I need to process it
It kind of depends on your perspective you know. So yeah. Thank you and thank you for your time. You definitely taught me quite a bit and I am I'm still stuck on the process inside of it because I'm like okay cool. I think I should have questions but I'm like I need to process it This is it's a lot to take in. The most important thing is like you should have a question when something breaks. So it's like when something breaks it's like well how do I get to the next step because you had it you had a goal
This is it's a lot to take in. The most important thing is like you should have a question when something breaks. So it's like when something breaks it's like well how do I get to the next step because you had it you had a goal The goal was to create a project to get that project onto the internet. As long as you have that goal then along the way you can worry about where the questions come in because you'll have it because you'll be stuck at a certain point and then you'll have a question you know
The goal was to create a project to get that project onto the internet. As long as you have that goal then along the way you can worry about where the questions come in because you'll have it because you'll be stuck at a certain point and then you'll have a question you know So I would say that's the main thing is like start with a goal and then work through that goal and then as you're going questions will naturally arise. Yes yes and I will be getting this done before next week's teach Gen Tech. Yes I can see the rabbit holes because so many yeah
So I would say that's the main thing is like start with a goal and then work through that goal and then as you're going questions will naturally arise. Yes yes and I will be getting this done before next week's teach Gen Tech. Yes I can see the rabbit holes because so many yeah Yeah that's what there's a lot of time where I would start explaining something and I would be like don't worry about that you know because like yeah stick to the goal you're trying to do and you can fall down or a week or a month long rabbit hole with so many things along the way so yeah and this is why I really like just creating content and blogging because then I can pick a rabbit hole and I can go down it and then when I come out of that rabbit hole I have a blog post to share with the world
Yeah that's what there's a lot of time where I would start explaining something and I would be like don't worry about that you know because like yeah stick to the goal you're trying to do and you can fall down or a week or a month long rabbit hole with so many things along the way so yeah and this is why I really like just creating content and blogging because then I can pick a rabbit hole and I can go down it and then when I come out of that rabbit hole I have a blog post to share with the world Yeah that totally makes sense that totally makes sense and thank you for answering so many questions I this yeah this was this was super fun yeah I would homework is going to be where at that any time don't worry I'll be like hitting you up on discord and having you back on the show and be like wait there's so many questions just so many questions yeah yeah this is super super fun thank you for having me yes thank you and Ramon or Yaddaid do you have any other questions
Yeah that totally makes sense that totally makes sense and thank you for answering so many questions I this yeah this was this was super fun yeah I would homework is going to be where at that any time don't worry I'll be like hitting you up on discord and having you back on the show and be like wait there's so many questions just so many questions yeah yeah this is super super fun thank you for having me yes thank you and Ramon or Yaddaid do you have any other questions The chat Ramon yes we'll see you here yes agreed yeah me and him have been following each other on Twitter for a while I haven't interacted with each other a ton though
The chat Ramon yes we'll see you here yes agreed yeah me and him have been following each other on Twitter for a while I haven't interacted with each other a ton though Yay Ramon is so cool we ended up having like a two-hour conversation like two a week ago and you know I see I see about in the community doing cool stuff for sure yeah he was the first one that taught me about what peer programming was so he was gonna have me teach me something and then I talk to you and a few other people and then I'm like I'm just gonna do my own show it's just what's gonna you are you are we see you awesome well thank you so much Anthony looking forward to having you on the show again yeah for sure
Yay Ramon is so cool we ended up having like a two-hour conversation like two a week ago and you know I see I see about in the community doing cool stuff for sure yeah he was the first one that taught me about what peer programming was so he was gonna have me teach me something and then I talk to you and a few other people and then I'm like I'm just gonna do my own show it's just what's gonna you are you are we see you awesome well thank you so much Anthony looking forward to having you on the show again yeah for sure