Hello beautiful humans. Welcome to our return guest who was our very first guest, Yare, Yare, I try to do the role because Ramon also told me that there needs to be a role in his name to Ramon. I'm working with everybody's names and once again, welcome to teach Gen Tech And for all of those tuning in for the first time, we've had, let's see, it's been a week and a half since Teach Gen Tech has launched and I guess have shown up because Teach Gen Tech came from I really want to get into the Dev Row role, which is develop relations
And for all of those tuning in for the first time, we've had, let's see, it's been a week and a half since Teach Gen Tech has launched and I guess have shown up because Teach Gen Tech came from I really want to get into the Dev Row role, which is develop relations That is a whole mother topic and video yet something a lot of people were saying was that I need to have content and I need to know how to code. And well, I didn't have either. So a lot
That is a whole mother topic and video yet something a lot of people were saying was that I need to have content and I need to know how to code. And well, I didn't have either. So a lot This was launched of Teach Gen Tech and Yare was the very first guest and teaching me how to build this really cool site of, you know, what are we going to do in using JavaScript and HTML and CSS and we're doing a code review, which I'm pretty sure you're going to tell me I built it all in HTML
This was launched of Teach Gen Tech and Yare was the very first guest and teaching me how to build this really cool site of, you know, what are we going to do in using JavaScript and HTML and CSS and we're doing a code review, which I'm pretty sure you're going to tell me I built it all in HTML And yeah, hi Yare, please introduce yourself. Hi indeed, I'm Yare. Glad to be back and glad to be following your journey and I also do developer relations. I work for a company called MapDin. We do indoor maps, mostly for malls. And I think some people might consider me to be a map geek
And yeah, hi Yare, please introduce yourself. Hi indeed, I'm Yare. Glad to be back and glad to be following your journey and I also do developer relations. I work for a company called MapDin. We do indoor maps, mostly for malls. And I think some people might consider me to be a map geek So I follow subreddits where there's like pictures of cool maps and things like that. So also love coding. And I enjoy talking about it
So I follow subreddits where there's like pictures of cool maps and things like that. So also love coding. And I enjoy talking about it So when I saw you were wanting to learn something about tech, I figured, hey, I might just come on with you and see what we can learn here, what I could teach you. Because that's kind of that's also part of what you do in developer relations
So when I saw you were wanting to learn something about tech, I figured, hey, I might just come on with you and see what we can learn here, what I could teach you. Because that's kind of that's also part of what you do in developer relations You're trying to teach other people code or some technologies. So that's this is all learning for me as well. And I think it's great to be here. And thank you. I think that's a cool thing with like teach Gen Tech
You're trying to teach other people code or some technologies. So that's this is all learning for me as well. And I think it's great to be here. And thank you. I think that's a cool thing with like teach Gen Tech First off, if anybody wants to come on live and learn with me totally down, let me know. We're also have like you can submit for guests on my Twitter page. Sure, we're going to go with that. It's the pin tweets
First off, if anybody wants to come on live and learn with me totally down, let me know. We're also have like you can submit for guests on my Twitter page. Sure, we're going to go with that. It's the pin tweets Yeah, it's something like I think that's the beauty of it is we are all learning and teaching at the same time. And it's having that empathy for ourselves, but then for others
Yeah, it's something like I think that's the beauty of it is we are all learning and teaching at the same time. And it's having that empathy for ourselves, but then for others Like Yadre and the rest of the guests that I've had on so far have been very kind when I'm just like, I don't I don't even know what you're saying because it's like it needs to sink in, but it won't always click at the moment. And that's what I keep having to remind myself and go, oh, sure
Like Yadre and the rest of the guests that I've had on so far have been very kind when I'm just like, I don't I don't even know what you're saying because it's like it needs to sink in, but it won't always click at the moment. And that's what I keep having to remind myself and go, oh, sure And yet I've seen so many of the building blocks of what you taught me actually makes sense now because of other conversations that we've had so far. So it's been quite the journey. That's awesome
And yet I've seen so many of the building blocks of what you taught me actually makes sense now because of other conversations that we've had so far. So it's been quite the journey. That's awesome That's awesome. And that's why I also wanted to dig go a little bit further that I knew that you were maybe weren't quite ready yet. Like we were I was showing you things that you've never seen before. And I knew that it's it's out there
That's awesome. And that's why I also wanted to dig go a little bit further that I knew that you were maybe weren't quite ready yet. Like we were I was showing you things that you've never seen before. And I knew that it's it's out there It's not just basic HTML, but I wanted to go a little bit further because on your journey, you're going to be facing a lot of these things. And the more often you see them, they start clicking in better and you start making these connections
It's not just basic HTML, but I wanted to go a little bit further because on your journey, you're going to be facing a lot of these things. And the more often you see them, they start clicking in better and you start making these connections You remember, oh, that piece there from the second stream I had connected this one now that I'm doing four weeks later is that it and then you start making these connections. And that's when you really start getting the feeling that, oh, I have learned something. You get those aha moments
You remember, oh, that piece there from the second stream I had connected this one now that I'm doing four weeks later is that it and then you start making these connections. And that's when you really start getting the feeling that, oh, I have learned something. You get those aha moments I know what this is. And that's one part of learning tech yet. Like you get those feelings. I know what this is. And the second part is it's it's very there's kind of two modes of this learning technology is I have no idea what I'm doing. Like you're just staring some piece of code
I know what this is. And that's one part of learning tech yet. Like you get those feelings. I know what this is. And the second part is it's it's very there's kind of two modes of this learning technology is I have no idea what I'm doing. Like you're just staring some piece of code It happens to me every day. And I'm like, I don't know what I'm doing here. I touched so many different coding languages today. It was it was incredible. I think I wrote code wrote over read code in five different coding languages today. And I'm really not an expert on most of those
It happens to me every day. And I'm like, I don't know what I'm doing here. I touched so many different coding languages today. It was it was incredible. I think I wrote code wrote over read code in five different coding languages today. And I'm really not an expert on most of those But I honestly at some point I was completely lost. I had no idea what what I was doing or what I was supposed to do. Oh, geez. And did you have to get them all talking together? No, not together. Luckily, they were like individual pieces that that were independent
But I honestly at some point I was completely lost. I had no idea what what I was doing or what I was supposed to do. Oh, geez. And did you have to get them all talking together? No, not together. Luckily, they were like individual pieces that that were independent But it kind of highlights the fact that doing tech and dev rel especially, it's it's you're always learning something. And you're always going to go into feel like you don't know everything because to do this, you don't know everything. And that's something you'll just have to live with. Yeah
But it kind of highlights the fact that doing tech and dev rel especially, it's it's you're always learning something. And you're always going to go into feel like you don't know everything because to do this, you don't know everything. And that's something you'll just have to live with. Yeah Yeah. And thank you for saying that because I think we're going to have a guess come on Twitter handle is M4DZ
Yeah. And thank you for saying that because I think we're going to have a guess come on Twitter handle is M4DZ And they're going to be going over like where to how to start reading documentation like how you use documentation, how to create a documentation because to your point, like you had to use five different coding languages today, like where do you start when you're looking at them
And they're going to be going over like where to how to start reading documentation like how you use documentation, how to create a documentation because to your point, like you had to use five different coding languages today, like where do you start when you're looking at them So I'm excited for that
So I'm excited for that And yesterday we had Resell from GitHub on and she was explaining like the differences between Git and GitHub. And I'm like, whoa, it's finally starting to click
And yesterday we had Resell from GitHub on and she was explaining like the differences between Git and GitHub. And I'm like, whoa, it's finally starting to click And yeah, it's to like repeat an echo what you said, it's, you know, we can learn a lot and still feel like we have no idea what is going on. Oh, yes, yes, Anthony, as can you sit down and be humble? Yes, yes. And we're working on doing so. I'm glad we're doing live
And yeah, it's to like repeat an echo what you said, it's, you know, we can learn a lot and still feel like we have no idea what is going on. Oh, yes, yes, Anthony, as can you sit down and be humble? Yes, yes. And we're working on doing so. I'm glad we're doing live It's really fun to do it this way too. And it does humble you definitely when you're doing live in front of your head. Yeah, that's very that's that's a great thing. Very thing to do as well. So Anthony, I appreciate all your help
It's really fun to do it this way too. And it does humble you definitely when you're doing live in front of your head. Yeah, that's very that's that's a great thing. Very thing to do as well. So Anthony, I appreciate all your help And earlier, that's why I was just like, I can't I can't I'm not computing now. Okay, bye. Because that was the cool thing is like, I really appreciate that every like a lot of you have been joining multiple streams to see the journey and then like helping me on my way
And earlier, that's why I was just like, I can't I can't I'm not computing now. Okay, bye. Because that was the cool thing is like, I really appreciate that every like a lot of you have been joining multiple streams to see the journey and then like helping me on my way And it's also really cool having to learn that about myself being like, okay, Jen, they're helping you calm down. Like they're not just trying to like boss you around. It's cool. And having to like what Anthony just said of just like being humble and appreciating others wanting to help
And it's also really cool having to learn that about myself being like, okay, Jen, they're helping you calm down. Like they're not just trying to like boss you around. It's cool. And having to like what Anthony just said of just like being humble and appreciating others wanting to help So it's been definitely a learning part on my own too. Yeah. Awesome. Are we ready to look at my code? Yeah, let's let's look at some code. Let's see what happened. So what's what are we looking at here? Really quick. Just so that way we we have it on the record
So it's been definitely a learning part on my own too. Yeah. Awesome. Are we ready to look at my code? Yeah, let's let's look at some code. Let's see what happened. So what's what are we looking at here? Really quick. Just so that way we we have it on the record What how would you explain what a code review is and why is important? Yeah, code review means that you're looking through the code. So you read it and you know, you kind of have to understand what's happening there and you're giving feedback about it
What how would you explain what a code review is and why is important? Yeah, code review means that you're looking through the code. So you read it and you know, you kind of have to understand what's happening there and you're giving feedback about it And that's part of the software development process, software engineering, process where somebody else writes a piece of code and then their code gets reviewed before put forward, let's say to to a live service or in front of an audience and actual users
And that's part of the software development process, software engineering, process where somebody else writes a piece of code and then their code gets reviewed before put forward, let's say to to a live service or in front of an audience and actual users If you think about how books or newspaper articles or something like that are written, they also have editors, right? There's always somebody else who goes through the work before it gets published. The principle is the same. People make mistakes. We're all human
If you think about how books or newspaper articles or something like that are written, they also have editors, right? There's always somebody else who goes through the work before it gets published. The principle is the same. People make mistakes. We're all human We're all human. And we also get blind to our own mistakes very easily. It's very very difficult for us to if we write something and we try to read it back and and see if there is a mistake in there
We're all human. And we also get blind to our own mistakes very easily. It's very very difficult for us to if we write something and we try to read it back and and see if there is a mistake in there So as as part of the it's part of creating quality software, especially in teams that somebody else goes through the code before it's put forward and merged with everything else. Merging means like putting together everybody else's contributions
So as as part of the it's part of creating quality software, especially in teams that somebody else goes through the code before it's put forward and merged with everything else. Merging means like putting together everybody else's contributions And I think that's something that you covered with Resell as well. Yeah, and it makes a lot more sense like at least seeing it, we did an example where we gave feedback for somebody to correct
And I think that's something that you covered with Resell as well. Yeah, and it makes a lot more sense like at least seeing it, we did an example where we gave feedback for somebody to correct Ramon actually sent a PR in and we were able to say, hey, this is a typo please fix and then submit or then we could commit it
Ramon actually sent a PR in and we were able to say, hey, this is a typo please fix and then submit or then we could commit it And it's very interesting and like it's starting to sink in yet in in the real world, how often is like code review done every single time? I know that in theory, like in an old job, I knew that I would be like people would submit PRs to me, but I didn't know what I was doing
And it's very interesting and like it's starting to sink in yet in in the real world, how often is like code review done every single time? I know that in theory, like in an old job, I knew that I would be like people would submit PRs to me, but I didn't know what I was doing So it was just set up in the GitHub that like area, however you say for a company, that it would need to be approved. So it had to be approved from someone. So it was on the marketing side and I would just say to prove like I didn't know what I was, I didn't even know what I was looking at
So it was just set up in the GitHub that like area, however you say for a company, that it would need to be approved. So it had to be approved from someone. So it was on the marketing side and I would just say to prove like I didn't know what I was, I didn't even know what I was looking at So but they just needed it approved because it was set up that way
So but they just needed it approved because it was set up that way How often does it actually get looked at and what's the process normally look? Is it like a weekly thing? Is it an every time thing? Like how does that structure get set up
How often does it actually get looked at and what's the process normally look? Is it like a weekly thing? Is it an every time thing? Like how does that structure get set up Yeah, very often used, I think we could do a whole episode but well, what is strum and agile software development metadologies and how software is often developed in terms of how that process is organized very often
Yeah, very often used, I think we could do a whole episode but well, what is strum and agile software development metadologies and how software is often developed in terms of how that process is organized very often But as part of all that, like there is that review process, that's sometimes if you think about it also mandated by a third party, let's say an auditor or something like that. Otherwise, a single malicious actor could could inject code into into a program that that's not supposed to be there
But as part of all that, like there is that review process, that's sometimes if you think about it also mandated by a third party, let's say an auditor or something like that. Otherwise, a single malicious actor could could inject code into into a program that that's not supposed to be there So there are that kind of like compliance aspects to this code review as well. Oftentimes, I can't speak for all companies but oftentimes what happens is every piece of code that becomes part of the application has been reviewed. Everything has been reviewed
So there are that kind of like compliance aspects to this code review as well. Oftentimes, I can't speak for all companies but oftentimes what happens is every piece of code that becomes part of the application has been reviewed. Everything has been reviewed And as you notice, like in your previous experience as well, like the GitHub was set up so that everything that goes live needs to be reviewed
And as you notice, like in your previous experience as well, like the GitHub was set up so that everything that goes live needs to be reviewed Okay, in some cases it was reviewed by someone in marketing, but which kind of defeats the purpose a little bit, right
Okay, in some cases it was reviewed by someone in marketing, but which kind of defeats the purpose a little bit, right And you can't really give good feedback suggestions because not only can you like do malicious things, you can do honest mistakes that goes as bugs, but it's also performance improvements because there are different ways and algorithms that you can write these things
And you can't really give good feedback suggestions because not only can you like do malicious things, you can do honest mistakes that goes as bugs, but it's also performance improvements because there are different ways and algorithms that you can write these things And if another set of eyes goes through it, they can take a get more performance out of the code. They can say, hey, look, there's a better way of doing this
And if another set of eyes goes through it, they can take a get more performance out of the code. They can say, hey, look, there's a better way of doing this And we save, you know, a couple of orders of magnitude of running time, you know, like let's say something that that should take a few milliseconds takes a second to do. And then somebody else looks at it and says, hey, I know that there's a better way of doing this
And we save, you know, a couple of orders of magnitude of running time, you know, like let's say something that that should take a few milliseconds takes a second to do. And then somebody else looks at it and says, hey, I know that there's a better way of doing this So there are a lot of benefits to it. And that's why it's done every time all the time. Very cool. Very cool. And thank you
So there are a lot of benefits to it. And that's why it's done every time all the time. Very cool. Very cool. And thank you Yeah, I just put that on the my notes to bring that up of maybe on theory Thursdays of doing something along like first-gram and agile, because I think that's something that a lot of people are like, oh, it's like maybe like two weeks or something and some daily meetings and not something that's like really talked about on like the human aspect side of it
Yeah, I just put that on the my notes to bring that up of maybe on theory Thursdays of doing something along like first-gram and agile, because I think that's something that a lot of people are like, oh, it's like maybe like two weeks or something and some daily meetings and not something that's like really talked about on like the human aspect side of it So I don't want to get too caught up on that, especially because I have I've been sharing my screen while we've been talking
So I don't want to get too caught up on that, especially because I have I've been sharing my screen while we've been talking So so where do I start with a code review here? Yeah, so I think usually how code reviews happen is basically you set set that pull request to me and then I'll I'll go through the code on my own. And so maybe in this case, I'll guide you through the files that I want to see what you've done where
So so where do I start with a code review here? Yeah, so I think usually how code reviews happen is basically you set set that pull request to me and then I'll I'll go through the code on my own. And so maybe in this case, I'll guide you through the files that I want to see what you've done where And I'll talk to kind of my observations and I'll maybe I'll ask you some questions. If we were not doing code review live, as as it all often happens these days, for a couple of reasons, of course, you get the record of it for posterity
And I'll talk to kind of my observations and I'll maybe I'll ask you some questions. If we were not doing code review live, as as it all often happens these days, for a couple of reasons, of course, you get the record of it for posterity For somebody later, if you write these in the comments in that pull request. But also like you ask like there's not a there's not a meeting time once per week when code reviews are done. They they are sent and then everybody does then when they have the time to do it. So it's asynchronous work
For somebody later, if you write these in the comments in that pull request. But also like you ask like there's not a there's not a meeting time once per week when code reviews are done. They they are sent and then everybody does then when they have the time to do it. So it's asynchronous work So we're doing a little different here today. First, let's look at the output. So what's here on the on the wide background on the output
So we're doing a little different here today. First, let's look at the output. So what's here on the on the wide background on the output And maybe you can describe to me what was your like why you did this? What was the purpose that you were working towards and does it do what you expected to? So this is something that I am like remembering from last week when I was working on this
And maybe you can describe to me what was your like why you did this? What was the purpose that you were working towards and does it do what you expected to? So this is something that I am like remembering from last week when I was working on this And it's not doing exactly what I expected to because I thought I deleted all of this. And then and it was all gone here. Like I thought I deleted hello vanilla and the text underneath that and added hello beautiful humans and some of my favorite podcasts
And it's not doing exactly what I expected to because I thought I deleted all of this. And then and it was all gone here. Like I thought I deleted hello vanilla and the text underneath that and added hello beautiful humans and some of my favorite podcasts Yet when I went to look at the domain name in the in a different tab, it added it back in there. I was like, um well I got it to do what I wanted to do below. So I'm going to call it. And the goal was to replicate what we did in the index.js file and the index
Yet when I went to look at the domain name in the in a different tab, it added it back in there. I was like, um well I got it to do what I wanted to do below. So I'm going to call it. And the goal was to replicate what we did in the index.js file and the indexhtml file to a hyperlink three podcasts that I listened to and have them go as bullet points instead of all on one page. And using H or using JavaScript to help put them into the mapping for it. And again, I think I somehow built this all in HTML and no JavaScript
html file to a hyperlink three podcasts that I listened to and have them go as bullet points instead of all on one page. And using H or using JavaScript to help put them into the mapping for it. And again, I think I somehow built this all in HTML and no JavaScript Yeah, I think I think that's what happened. And now if we wanted to get rid of this hello vanilla part, clearly we don't want it to be here. So I'll comment on that first. So oftentimes in pull requests or code reviews, you also look at the output of the code
Yeah, I think I think that's what happened. And now if we wanted to get rid of this hello vanilla part, clearly we don't want it to be here. So I'll comment on that first. So oftentimes in pull requests or code reviews, you also look at the output of the code And then based on that, we can already see it's a little wrong from what you were trying to do. So to get rid of that, we have two ways of doing it. But maybe we'll just take off this JavaScript here that sets the app element
And then based on that, we can already see it's a little wrong from what you were trying to do. So to get rid of that, we have two ways of doing it. But maybe we'll just take off this JavaScript here that sets the app element So anything from line three to 10, you can just delete in this JavaScript file. Out of curiosity, I wonder if I did that. And if the app is still in the HTML file, could it have re-added? No, I think maybe it wasn't saved if you agree with this from here. It could just be that it wasn't saved
So anything from line three to 10, you can just delete in this JavaScript file. Out of curiosity, I wonder if I did that. And if the app is still in the HTML file, could it have re-added? No, I think maybe it wasn't saved if you agree with this from here. It could just be that it wasn't saved And because it does take it out now, even without saving. But then when you go see it in another tab, it's not saved
And because it does take it out now, even without saving. But then when you go see it in another tab, it's not saved And so is there like a safety for that? Because has that ever happened to you where you did a bunch of work and then didn't save? Is this like a common like fear to have? It's it's common fear
And so is there like a safety for that? Because has that ever happened to you where you did a bunch of work and then didn't save? Is this like a common like fear to have? It's it's common fear And that's one of the reasons we use even for our personal projects we use Git very often to save our changes. I've had it happen when I've been doing video editing. And it's heart-wrenching to do like two days worth of work without realizing I didn't save like a really important part
And that's one of the reasons we use even for our personal projects we use Git very often to save our changes. I've had it happen when I've been doing video editing. And it's heart-wrenching to do like two days worth of work without realizing I didn't save like a really important part Anthony, has that happened to you like not saving something? Funny thing is a lot of computer or programmer jokes revolve around the fact that computers just use control or command C command V. So copy pasting. But actually the key combination I use more is command S. Yeah
Anthony, has that happened to you like not saving something? Funny thing is a lot of computer or programmer jokes revolve around the fact that computers just use control or command C command V. So copy pasting. But actually the key combination I use more is command S. Yeah Yeah. So I might write three lines of code and save. There's a couple of reasons for that. I want I want to make sure my changes are saved, right? Like I want to make sure they're there. It also formats my code. So I have my editor set up so that whenever I save my file, it formats the code
Yeah. So I might write three lines of code and save. There's a couple of reasons for that. I want I want to make sure my changes are saved, right? Like I want to make sure they're there. It also formats my code. So I have my editor set up so that whenever I save my file, it formats the code Oh, okay. Yeah. And we use these formators and configure them so that everybody writes their code in the same style. For example, in JavaScript, you don't need to have the semi-colons at the end of the line
Oh, okay. Yeah. And we use these formators and configure them so that everybody writes their code in the same style. For example, in JavaScript, you don't need to have the semi-colons at the end of the line So if we didn't have the standard within the team, it would get really difficult to compare what was changed. Would that be considered governance or a part of governance? Yeah, I think the fact that we have that guideline would be considered part of that. Yeah
So if we didn't have the standard within the team, it would get really difficult to compare what was changed. Would that be considered governance or a part of governance? Yeah, I think the fact that we have that guideline would be considered part of that. Yeah Yeah. And real quick for those listing and I did this yesterday when we were talking to Reselle, she was talking about lending and how it's kind of like a spell check for your code
Yeah. And real quick for those listing and I did this yesterday when we were talking to Reselle, she was talking about lending and how it's kind of like a spell check for your code And governance is, let's see if I can explain it, the way that governance works is that it's an organ, when an organization or a team, it can even be a specific person creates a way that things are going to be structured. It can also go into a style sheet
And governance is, let's see if I can explain it, the way that governance works is that it's an organ, when an organization or a team, it can even be a specific person creates a way that things are going to be structured. It can also go into a style sheet So that way everyone knows what they're going to be doing the same. Yeah, you kind of write a document that outlines how we do things because there are many things you can do a little bit different
So that way everyone knows what they're going to be doing the same. Yeah, you kind of write a document that outlines how we do things because there are many things you can do a little bit different But usually you benefit everybody does it the same way because then you don't start bikes shedding, which is when you're building a nuclear plant, but you start talking about what color should we paint the bike shed for the employees in the parking lot. So that's where I would go
But usually you benefit everybody does it the same way because then you don't start bikes shedding, which is when you're building a nuclear plant, but you start talking about what color should we paint the bike shed for the employees in the parking lot. So that's where I would go I would care more about that. But it is super easy to care about the minute details. But if you have those agreed in a document, then you don't have to kind of have to argue about them all over again. They're there. Yeah. You adopt them, whatever the team uses. Maybe you change them
I would care more about that. But it is super easy to care about the minute details. But if you have those agreed in a document, then you don't have to kind of have to argue about them all over again. They're there. Yeah. You adopt them, whatever the team uses. Maybe you change them It doesn't have to be a static document. Of course, it can change for a good reason. But it helps people work better in a team together. And one other thing that I do want to mention is y'all, the last few live streams has been with Terminal and VS Code. And I personally do love VS Code
It doesn't have to be a static document. Of course, it can change for a good reason. But it helps people work better in a team together. And one other thing that I do want to mention is y'all, the last few live streams has been with Terminal and VS Code. And I personally do love VS Code It definitely helps be auto correct a lot of things. I'm learning so much more about it. Yet it doesn't do this instant output, which is by far a much like it makes it a lot easier to learn yet and see visually what it is right away. So I just want to like give a shout out to you
It definitely helps be auto correct a lot of things. I'm learning so much more about it. Yet it doesn't do this instant output, which is by far a much like it makes it a lot easier to learn yet and see visually what it is right away. So I just want to like give a shout out to you Yare for suggestion this because it's like, okay, cool. Like this is at least giving an example, even though you can do the same in other ways. It's just a lot harder. Yeah. Or more steps. I want to say this is really harder. Just more steps. Yeah
Yare for suggestion this because it's like, okay, cool. Like this is at least giving an example, even though you can do the same in other ways. It's just a lot harder. Yeah. Or more steps. I want to say this is really harder. Just more steps. Yeah Yeah. And there's a time and place for all of that, right? And I feel like for beginners, whenever they start learning things like coding, it's very important to get fast feedback of what you're doing
Yeah. And there's a time and place for all of that, right? And I feel like for beginners, whenever they start learning things like coding, it's very important to get fast feedback of what you're doing If you have to write something for an hour and read something before you see the result of 2 plus 2 in your console, it might not be the most motivating experience. Right? It might be like, is this really this hard? Very, very true. All right
If you have to write something for an hour and read something before you see the result of 2 plus 2 in your console, it might not be the most motivating experience. Right? It might be like, is this really this hard? Very, very true. All right All right. So I deleted the JavaScript that was pulling HTML to delete the stuff above. Yeah. So now the page looks correct. Of course, we did with JavaScript before, but to be honest, you've done it the smart way. There's no need for JavaScript in this page
All right. So I deleted the JavaScript that was pulling HTML to delete the stuff above. Yeah. So now the page looks correct. Of course, we did with JavaScript before, but to be honest, you've done it the smart way. There's no need for JavaScript in this page So let's go, let's go have a look at the index HTML. Honestly, like the reason we did JavaScript was just to get an introduction into that. But of course, yeah. And a lot of pages today are written in JavaScript and then the HTML is built on the client side and then displayed
So let's go, let's go have a look at the index HTML. Honestly, like the reason we did JavaScript was just to get an introduction into that. But of course, yeah. And a lot of pages today are written in JavaScript and then the HTML is built on the client side and then displayed But there's in something simple as this, there's no need for that. So we were doing JavaScript for JavaScript sake. Okay. Yeah. You've done it. You've done it the website developer way, which is going to the smart smart and easy way out. Okay. You often want to do that as a developer
But there's in something simple as this, there's no need for that. So we were doing JavaScript for JavaScript sake. Okay. Yeah. You've done it. You've done it the website developer way, which is going to the smart smart and easy way out. Okay. You often want to do that as a developer You want your output to be simple and input to be simple. So now it's easy and modifiable. So let's start with the row nine here. Because that's the first line. That's the kind of not kind of part of the template. So now that we changed the JavaScript, so that nothing is written into this div
You want your output to be simple and input to be simple. So now it's easy and modifiable. So let's start with the row nine here. Because that's the first line. That's the kind of not kind of part of the template. So now that we changed the JavaScript, so that nothing is written into this div I did that as ID of app. We don't need that at all. Nothing changes if you delete it, right? I was actually just going to ask that. Now, do we need a space between the body and the like, should I delete both nine and 10 or just one nine and leave a space? You can delete both lines
I did that as ID of app. We don't need that at all. Nothing changes if you delete it, right? I was actually just going to ask that. Now, do we need a space between the body and the like, should I delete both nine and 10 or just one nine and leave a space? You can delete both lines That's one of those style things that would be your limter would take care of probably. What happens if you had command save? Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah. So sometimes for me, for example, if I would save and there was an extra space there, it would actually take that space away. Oh, okay
That's one of those style things that would be your limter would take care of probably. What happens if you had command save? Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah. So sometimes for me, for example, if I would save and there was an extra space there, it would actually take that space away. Oh, okay Oh, okay. HTML does not care about white space. That means that you can have all of this on one line and it does not care. What it cares about is the tags and the elements. So you have the HTML head. So it has the opening tag for head online three and the closing tag for head online six
Oh, okay. HTML does not care about white space. That means that you can have all of this on one line and it does not care. What it cares about is the tags and the elements. So you have the HTML head. So it has the opening tag for head online three and the closing tag for head online six That's what HTML cares about. They just think it could be there in the document so that it can be parsed. Whether they are on the same line, it doesn't matter. The reason we usually do have things on more lines, it's easier for the reader, right? So here it stands. Yeah. I mean, this looks great
That's what HTML cares about. They just think it could be there in the document so that it can be parsed. Whether they are on the same line, it doesn't matter. The reason we usually do have things on more lines, it's easier for the reader, right? So here it stands. Yeah. I mean, this looks great We have hello beautiful humans. That's a heading. And then you have, yeah. I think something that confused me a bit was, what exactly? So like, H1 is header one. That one made sense to me. It's a good, I mean, it seems self explanatory with fonts. Like, it's the heading. It's the top
We have hello beautiful humans. That's a heading. And then you have, yeah. I think something that confused me a bit was, what exactly? So like, H1 is header one. That one made sense to me. It's a good, I mean, it seems self explanatory with fonts. Like, it's the heading. It's the top It's the top. But in the body of a message, maybe just because of writing, it made sense to me. But what's a div in an ally? Hey, look, if I just like highlight it, it tells me you answered your question. Okay. So a div is the div element has no special meaning at all. It represents its children
It's the top. But in the body of a message, maybe just because of writing, it made sense to me. But what's a div in an ally? Hey, look, if I just like highlight it, it tells me you answered your question. Okay. So a div is the div element has no special meaning at all. It represents its children It can be used with a class, laying in title attributes to mark semantics, common to a group of consecutive elements. Interesting. Yeah. So I actually wasn't going to give you the answer to this question. I was going to help you find the ways how you can find the answer when you have that question
It can be used with a class, laying in title attributes to mark semantics, common to a group of consecutive elements. Interesting. Yeah. So I actually wasn't going to give you the answer to this question. I was going to help you find the ways how you can find the answer when you have that question How to find the answer? I was going to Google it. Yeah. Google. Yeah. Let's see what happens if you Google it. Like, how would you go about doing this? I think we did some googling last time as well. So it's a dish tag
How to find the answer? I was going to Google it. Yeah. Google. Yeah. Let's see what happens if you Google it. Like, how would you go about doing this? I think we did some googling last time as well. So it's a dish tag So it's a dish tag. And you know what? In all reality, I think tag is something that I've recently learned that it would be a div tag. So I would honestly Google what is a div? Yeah. I like the second link a lot better than the first one. That's done by the developers at Mozilla. Yes
So it's a dish tag. And you know what? In all reality, I think tag is something that I've recently learned that it would be a div tag. So I would honestly Google what is a div? Yeah. I like the second link a lot better than the first one. That's done by the developers at Mozilla. Yes Yes. You taught us that the very first time. And I appreciate it. I've gone back and looked at a few things, but it makes sense, but it doesn't make sense. Like I was trying to make sense of a ray. And I'm like, I did something. Yeah. But that's good
Yes. You taught us that the very first time. And I appreciate it. I've gone back and looked at a few things, but it makes sense, but it doesn't make sense. Like I was trying to make sense of a ray. And I'm like, I did something. Yeah. But that's good But that's good. And then like that's part of the learning process, like figuring how to find the information and then going back to it a couple of times and then going deeper into it. And eventually you noticed that thinks you didn't know a couple of weeks ago. Now you're mastering them
But that's good. And then like that's part of the learning process, like figuring how to find the information and then going back to it a couple of times and then going deeper into it. And eventually you noticed that thinks you didn't know a couple of weeks ago. Now you're mastering them So repetition is the key here too. Yes. I've realized something that I, this is the second week I've been doing this of having the co working like days with Jen because I need to practice this and without having the scheduled time, I'm like, oh, I'll do it. I'll do it later when I feel like it
So repetition is the key here too. Yes. I've realized something that I, this is the second week I've been doing this of having the co working like days with Jen because I need to practice this and without having the scheduled time, I'm like, oh, I'll do it. I'll do it later when I feel like it And I'm like, I'm never going to fail like it. So having the scheduled time, I actually showed up today. And I was like, cool. I was able to put it into practice after learning so much of this. So yes. Okay. Cool. So this says a div is the content division element
And I'm like, I'm never going to fail like it. So having the scheduled time, I actually showed up today. And I was like, cool. I was able to put it into practice after learning so much of this. So yes. Okay. Cool. So this says a div is the content division element The div HTML element is a generic container for flow content. It has no effect on the content or layout until styled by some way using CSS. EG styling is directly applied to it or some kind of layout model like flexbox is applied to its parent element. Yeah. Okay. So what does the div do? Nothing
The div HTML element is a generic container for flow content. It has no effect on the content or layout until styled by some way using CSS. EG styling is directly applied to it or some kind of layout model like flexbox is applied to its parent element. Yeah. Okay. So what does the div do? Nothing Nothing by default, right? It doesn't do anything necessarily. Unless you add some styles to it or decide to use it as like it
Nothing by default, right? It doesn't do anything necessarily. Unless you add some styles to it or decide to use it as like it It's kind of like a container for content that you can style so that you have like a specific group or something like that that you can then get a hold off and then style in some way. And that's- I'm letting that sink in. Yeah
It's kind of like a container for content that you can style so that you have like a specific group or something like that that you can then get a hold off and then style in some way. And that's- I'm letting that sink in. Yeah Yeah. So basically, do we need the div tags here? This would be a question for me if I would ask in a code review. I'm going to answer with, I don't know. Let me try it without it. No, I guess not. Yeah. So in this case, not
Yeah. So basically, do we need the div tags here? This would be a question for me if I would ask in a code review. I'm going to answer with, I don't know. Let me try it without it. No, I guess not. Yeah. So in this case, not I've been told that I'm not sure how necessary it really is today that all our text should be wrapped in some kind of tags. So in this case, I would put that in a p tag, which represents a paragraph. Yeah. And that one would be- and I was looking that out
I've been told that I'm not sure how necessary it really is today that all our text should be wrapped in some kind of tags. So in this case, I would put that in a p tag, which represents a paragraph. Yeah. And that one would be- and I was looking that out That was something that I spent a lot of time on. Why is the types of tags? Because I wasn't able to get like this space you know I wanted. And that's like where I spent the majority of my time that time is. I was like, I need a specific spacing
That was something that I spent a lot of time on. Why is the types of tags? Because I wasn't able to get like this space you know I wanted. And that's like where I spent the majority of my time that time is. I was like, I need a specific spacing And I think- maybe I just figured out it was like, I don't know. I'm not seeing them in here. I don't know. Maybe I am. Is that what the L and L I do? That's what creates the list. Okay. All right
And I think- maybe I just figured out it was like, I don't know. I'm not seeing them in here. I don't know. Maybe I am. Is that what the L and L I do? That's what creates the list. Okay. All right Okay. All right. The next thing I'm going to ask, what's the purpose of this line 13? What is it there for? Left over code from previously that I didn't delete or yeah. Okay. Because if I do anything right, it's empty. It doesn't render anything like there's no text in it
Okay. All right. The next thing I'm going to ask, what's the purpose of this line 13? What is it there for? Left over code from previously that I didn't delete or yeah. Okay. Because if I do anything right, it's empty. It doesn't render anything like there's no text in it Right? That's like this is so cool because I was just like, oh, I got it to do what I wanted to do. K-done. I didn't even think about like looking to see and make sure that the code that was there was actually doing something, which just causes a ton of clutter
Right? That's like this is so cool because I was just like, oh, I got it to do what I wanted to do. K-done. I didn't even think about like looking to see and make sure that the code that was there was actually doing something, which just causes a ton of clutter And if somebody else needed to look at it, oh geez. Okay. Yeah. That's one one one thing about you know software development and pair programming and these different methodologies that you know help eliminate that type of stuff unnecessary code for example
And if somebody else needed to look at it, oh geez. Okay. Yeah. That's one one one thing about you know software development and pair programming and these different methodologies that you know help eliminate that type of stuff unnecessary code for example There's a methodology called test driven development where you write a test first and then you write the code that makes a test pass. So you write a code saying hey, we have a function to add two numbers together
There's a methodology called test driven development where you write a test first and then you write the code that makes a test pass. So you write a code saying hey, we have a function to add two numbers together If we give it number two and two, does it give us four or not? And then after that we write the function add. And then once we've written that, there's a third step not just to make the test pass, but the third step is to actually refactor the code
If we give it number two and two, does it give us four or not? And then after that we write the function add. And then once we've written that, there's a third step not just to make the test pass, but the third step is to actually refactor the code So we don't only want to make the code work, but we took take it like another pass through the code and see can we do it better? And that kind of test driven methodology can help you do that by yourself. It kind of makes you do the code review yourself. That makes sense
So we don't only want to make the code work, but we took take it like another pass through the code and see can we do it better? And that kind of test driven methodology can help you do that by yourself. It kind of makes you do the code review yourself. That makes sense That makes sense. So like if I take if I was doing that type of methodology, it would be like cool. It's like stuff is showing up and then like it would just be random. Anything would show up and then have it say what I wanted to say. Okay, cool
That makes sense. So like if I take if I was doing that type of methodology, it would be like cool. It's like stuff is showing up and then like it would just be random. Anything would show up and then have it say what I wanted to say. Okay, cool Okay, cool. It's doing that and then going back and actually like making it all work properly and that I'm yeah making sure that you don't do anything unnecessary. For example, put an h1 tag where there's no need for one. Okay. So basically, you know, make sure that you know what you want
Okay, cool. It's doing that and then going back and actually like making it all work properly and that I'm yeah making sure that you don't do anything unnecessary. For example, put an h1 tag where there's no need for one. Okay. So basically, you know, make sure that you know what you want Then have your code do that and then go another time and see is there a better way of doing it? Is it is it missing something or is there something extra there? Okay
Then have your code do that and then go another time and see is there a better way of doing it? Is it is it missing something or is there something extra there? Okay Part of that editing process, right? Yeah, how long because like I've already noticed that there's things that I write that I'm blind to. I'm also horribly dyslexic that I am learning to work with it
Part of that editing process, right? Yeah, how long because like I've already noticed that there's things that I write that I'm blind to. I'm also horribly dyslexic that I am learning to work with it But like how long do you normally give yourself from taking a break from it to going back and reviewing it? I would say you know, I'll launch break, coffee break, maybe doing another task in between, do somebody else's pull pull request to review and then get back to it
But like how long do you normally give yourself from taking a break from it to going back and reviewing it? I would say you know, I'll launch break, coffee break, maybe doing another task in between, do somebody else's pull pull request to review and then get back to it I think the important thing is to get your brain out of it so that you kind of have to start from scratch to reorient yourself through the code. Got it. So cool. Thank you. Okay, now I'm like kind of thinking that I can look at this and review it to you. Let's see
I think the important thing is to get your brain out of it so that you kind of have to start from scratch to reorient yourself through the code. Got it. So cool. Thank you. Okay, now I'm like kind of thinking that I can look at this and review it to you. Let's see Let's see. I'm pretty sure this all, I wish this would go away. I don't know. Oh, yes. You can get it to go away if you click there. Another. Oh, okay, there we go. And then I can move this over because we need this here that puts it in the list view
Let's see. I'm pretty sure this all, I wish this would go away. I don't know. Oh, yes. You can get it to go away if you click there. Another. Oh, okay, there we go. And then I can move this over because we need this here that puts it in the list view This adds the a is it called an href? Yeah, it's called a true. href is how it's I think, okay, cool. And it puts the podcast like the link to the text. And then we close that out, make a new list
This adds the a is it called an href? Yeah, it's called a true. href is how it's I think, okay, cool. And it puts the podcast like the link to the text. And then we close that out, make a new list And but on this one, should they, like this one I have on the same line and this one I have on two different lines, doesn't matter. Is there like a proper way of doing that? For the HTML and the browser, it doesn't matter for anybody who's reading your code or editing your code, it might matter
And but on this one, should they, like this one I have on the same line and this one I have on two different lines, doesn't matter. Is there like a proper way of doing that? For the HTML and the browser, it doesn't matter for anybody who's reading your code or editing your code, it might matter So it might be easier to read if they are not, they are on separate pages. Typically with HTML where you would put the line break after the closing. So, oh, so the line break before the s. There you go. Okay, so I can fix that
So it might be easier to read if they are not, they are on separate pages. Typically with HTML where you would put the line break after the closing. So, oh, so the line break before the s. There you go. Okay, so I can fix that I honestly don't remember saving it like this, but it definitely could have been because I didn't really know 100% what I was doing. I don't want to say that I didn't do that. Yeah
I honestly don't remember saving it like this, but it definitely could have been because I didn't really know 100% what I was doing. I don't want to say that I didn't do that. Yeah Yeah. And then the other thing is that I would I would drop the a slash a to the next line from there then as well, just because it's just, it looks, it looks better to me that way. I don't know, so I'm one of my disagree, but it kind of indents how deep you are in the in the document object
Yeah. And then the other thing is that I would I would drop the a slash a to the next line from there then as well, just because it's just, it looks, it looks better to me that way. I don't know, so I'm one of my disagree, but it kind of indents how deep you are in the in the document object And then your eyes, it kind of makes it easier for your eyes
And then your eyes, it kind of makes it easier for your eyes And oftentimes when you want to write code that's easy to read, you want to you know, you want to make the cognitive load needed for reading the code as little as little as possible, because then I can actually focus on what the code is doing instead of trying to figure out what is what how it's doing it like, you know, making sure that this a tag matches the a tag on on row 26 for example will become much easier if they're aligned
And oftentimes when you want to write code that's easy to read, you want to you know, you want to make the cognitive load needed for reading the code as little as little as possible, because then I can actually focus on what the code is doing instead of trying to figure out what is what how it's doing it like, you know, making sure that this a tag matches the a tag on on row 26 for example will become much easier if they're aligned Now, if I'm keeping going, I don't need this script anymore because we're not running JavaScript. That's correct as well. Um, almost almost. We are doing one thing in the JavaScript file. We are importing the CSS CSS file, sorry, in the JavaScript. Normally that would be done for a page like this
Now, if I'm keeping going, I don't need this script anymore because we're not running JavaScript. That's correct as well. Um, almost almost. We are doing one thing in the JavaScript file. We are importing the CSS CSS file, sorry, in the JavaScript. Normally that would be done for a page like this It would be done in the HTML. Okay. But because we are doing in the JavaScript file and maybe we want to build on this, we could leave it here for now. Okay. And then this closes us out body and then HTML. Yeah. Yeah. There is one thing that I would do different like I would add to this
It would be done in the HTML. Okay. But because we are doing in the JavaScript file and maybe we want to build on this, we could leave it here for now. Okay. And then this closes us out body and then HTML. Yeah. Yeah. There is one thing that I would do different like I would add to this I think it's not it's not breaking anything. So I would wrap the L.I. elements into a UL element. So basically above the first L.I. I would put a UL. Yeah. And then I would close after the last L.I. I would put a closing tag for for the UL
I think it's not it's not breaking anything. So I would wrap the L.I. elements into a UL element. So basically above the first L.I. I would put a UL. Yeah. And then I would close after the last L.I. I would put a closing tag for for the UL And then maybe it's a good idea to go see what it does from maybe from MDN or. Oh, it like moved everything over to make it prettier. Yeah. That's what it does. Yeah. And actually the tool that does it is literally called prettier. Oh, yeah. I have that. It's like a plugin for for VS code. Yeah
And then maybe it's a good idea to go see what it does from maybe from MDN or. Oh, it like moved everything over to make it prettier. Yeah. That's what it does. Yeah. And actually the tool that does it is literally called prettier. Oh, yeah. I have that. It's like a plugin for for VS code. Yeah Yeah. And this is uses the same same thing. Yeah. Yeah. It does make it prettier because like it just made it easier to read with the UL. I'm going to highlight the UL. The UL element represents a list of items where the order of the items is not important
Yeah. And this is uses the same same thing. Yeah. Yeah. It does make it prettier because like it just made it easier to read with the UL. I'm going to highlight the UL. The UL element represents a list of items where the order of the items is not important That is we're we're changing the order would not materially change the meaning of the document. Yeah. What does that last sentence mean? That's kind of like raises more questions than than it answers, right? So let's try to let's try to figure out change that into O L
That is we're we're changing the order would not materially change the meaning of the document. Yeah. What does that last sentence mean? That's kind of like raises more questions than than it answers, right? So let's try to let's try to figure out change that into O L That and that both that and the closing tag. So you of course always need the matching closing tag for everything that you do. And now look at the output. What changed? Okay. I need turn off plugins like they get in my way for some stuff and it drives me nuts. Oh, put the numbers. Oh, hey. Okay
That and that both that and the closing tag. So you of course always need the matching closing tag for everything that you do. And now look at the output. What changed? Okay. I need turn off plugins like they get in my way for some stuff and it drives me nuts. Oh, put the numbers. Oh, hey. Okay Oh, hey. Okay. So what does an O L tag then say about itself? The O L element represents a list of items where the items have been intentionally ordered such that changing the order would change the meaning of the document. Oh, so it's like bullet point
Oh, hey. Okay. So what does an O L tag then say about itself? The O L element represents a list of items where the items have been intentionally ordered such that changing the order would change the meaning of the document. Oh, so it's like bullet point It literally is bullet points versus numbering. Exactly. Exactly. So now you given a ranking to these items. Clearly you have one forecast that you care more about than the others. If you mark it as O L, it's just the list of let's say ingredients in a recipe
It literally is bullet points versus numbering. Exactly. Exactly. So now you given a ranking to these items. Clearly you have one forecast that you care more about than the others. If you mark it as O L, it's just the list of let's say ingredients in a recipe Or it doesn't matter when you're just listing them. How do you get the what to buy from the store? But you can turn off your grammarly plugin from top right of your browser. Next to the there you go. I think that if you click somewhere there. Yeah, there we go. No, turn off. I want to remove you
Or it doesn't matter when you're just listing them. How do you get the what to buy from the store? But you can turn off your grammarly plugin from top right of your browser. Next to the there you go. I think that if you click somewhere there. Yeah, there we go. No, turn off. I want to remove you Is there like a? Oh, I thought there would be like an option where you could say oh, there's like all websites. I don't know. I don't know. I've had it. I've had it. I've had it turned it off for this one
Is there like a? Oh, I thought there would be like an option where you could say oh, there's like all websites. I don't know. I don't know. I've had it. I've had it. I've had it turned it off for this one No, I've had it turned it on and off when I was trying to when I was doing it through to LinkedIn learning. I when VS code would go live in a browser, I would have to turn them on all my extensions off because console would error out. Okay. I learned out the hard way. Lots of Googling. Yeah
No, I've had it turned it on and off when I was trying to when I was doing it through to LinkedIn learning. I when VS code would go live in a browser, I would have to turn them on all my extensions off because console would error out. Okay. I learned out the hard way. Lots of Googling. Yeah Yeah. Yeah, but we did it. We did it. I think we're we're at the end of the code review. Maybe we want to change it back to you. Well, if we don't have an ordering for them. So that's that's probably something that we can change. I'll leave it. We'll leave
Yeah. Yeah, but we did it. We did it. I think we're we're at the end of the code review. Maybe we want to change it back to you. Well, if we don't have an ordering for them. So that's that's probably something that we can change. I'll leave it. We'll leave We'll leave. You know, you don't want to talk about it at the top of it. I'm totally okay with that. Okay. Yeah. And it's good that there's something something to still do in the future. Yeah. That's basically our code review
We'll leave. You know, you don't want to talk about it at the top of it. I'm totally okay with that. Okay. Yeah. And it's good that there's something something to still do in the future. Yeah. That's basically our code review At this point, I'd be like, okay, now it does what I what what what like somebody our customer wanted, whether it was the product owner or some customer giving us feedback about a feature or you know, whoever gives us the definition of what needs to be done
At this point, I'd be like, okay, now it does what I what what what like somebody our customer wanted, whether it was the product owner or some customer giving us feedback about a feature or you know, whoever gives us the definition of what needs to be done And at this point, I'd be like, yeah, it looks good to me. And let's let's move this forward. Let's put it to production. So congrats. You passed the code review with with some comments. Yes
And at this point, I'd be like, yeah, it looks good to me. And let's let's move this forward. Let's put it to production. So congrats. You passed the code review with with some comments. Yes Yes. And just thinking about it, if okay, I learned that SRC has the majority of um, uh, good, suspicious, the majority of like the files you want, like the CSS and the index.js. So if I want to do color again, I will Google it. Um, because I don't remember. Let's see
Yes. And just thinking about it, if okay, I learned that SRC has the majority of um, uh, good, suspicious, the majority of like the files you want, like the CSS and the index.js. So if I want to do color again, I will Google it. Um, because I don't remember. Let's see Let's see. Let's see if we can Google this CSS color. I mean, oh, okay. Applying color to HTML elements using CSS. And not going to lie. Um, how I normally would do it is just like scroll through this to see if I can figure it out. But find an example or something that pops out, right? Yeah
Let's see. Let's see if we can Google this CSS color. I mean, oh, okay. Applying color to HTML elements using CSS. And not going to lie. Um, how I normally would do it is just like scroll through this to see if I can figure it out. But find an example or something that pops out, right? Yeah But I'm like, maybe I should be actually like reading this, but it's a lot of text to read just to find one little thing. It is. And it depends what you're doing, whether you want to read it or not. Um, in the beginning stages, it can be really nice to get just something working quickly
But I'm like, maybe I should be actually like reading this, but it's a lot of text to read just to find one little thing. It is. And it depends what you're doing, whether you want to read it or not. Um, in the beginning stages, it can be really nice to get just something working quickly And especially even then as a like more, more, when you should get more senior and more comfortable with things, you also just want to move fast. You got, you know, know what you want. Just give me the exact answer to the question I'm looking for. Yeah
And especially even then as a like more, more, when you should get more senior and more comfortable with things, you also just want to move fast. You got, you know, know what you want. Just give me the exact answer to the question I'm looking for. Yeah Yeah. But especially when something doesn't work or you kind of, um, still need to understand the foundations a little bit better. It's a good idea to read, um, what's, what's offered
Yeah. But especially when something doesn't work or you kind of, um, still need to understand the foundations a little bit better. It's a good idea to read, um, what's, what's offered But of course, for this and for, for today, um, we could just hop in, then I can, I can tell you how to do the colors or maybe you can, I'm seeing if I can find it. Uh, so what color, what color do you want to change? The header. The color of the header. Okay. So the text, right? Yeah. Okay
But of course, for this and for, for today, um, we could just hop in, then I can, I can tell you how to do the colors or maybe you can, I'm seeing if I can find it. Uh, so what color, what color do you want to change? The header. The color of the header. Okay. So the text, right? Yeah. Okay Okay. Um, honestly, this is a long page. What I would do, I would hit command F and, and search on that page. Uh, not only like, find it right. I don't think there is a color specifically for a header. But maybe the text color you can change. That might help you
Okay. Um, honestly, this is a long page. What I would do, I would hit command F and, and search on that page. Uh, not only like, find it right. I don't think there is a color specifically for a header. But maybe the text color you can change. That might help you This is going to be like me trying to, uh, oh, um, do do do do. How to handling different text directions. No, we don't need that styling text. Maybe. Um, um, guys, assessments. No, okay. Cool. Um, let's know those are just fonts to import. Like, we have that already
This is going to be like me trying to, uh, oh, um, do do do do. How to handling different text directions. No, we don't need that styling text. Maybe. Um, um, guys, assessments. No, okay. Cool. Um, let's know those are just fonts to import. Like, we have that already Not gonna lie, this is like probably why it's really frustrating to like watch my homeworks, like my co-working sessions, because I'm like staring at it, trying to find it. And people are like, it's right there in front of you. This is how you get that. But it happens
Not gonna lie, this is like probably why it's really frustrating to like watch my homeworks, like my co-working sessions, because I'm like staring at it, trying to find it. And people are like, it's right there in front of you. This is how you get that. But it happens But it happens. Uh, I watched, uh, I like watching, uh, text streams on on Twitch. And it does happen where I watch something. I'm like, it's right there. And uh, it depends on who's, who's streaming. Some people are like, please no backseating. Like, don't try to tell me how it is
But it happens. Uh, I watched, uh, I like watching, uh, text streams on on Twitch. And it does happen where I watch something. I'm like, it's right there. And uh, it depends on who's, who's streaming. Some people are like, please no backseating. Like, don't try to tell me how it is And some people welcome that. And that's also that's something that you get to define what's, what's good for you as well as, as, as the person running the stream, right? Like, if you want people to kind of help you out, give you those hints
And some people welcome that. And that's also that's something that you get to define what's, what's good for you as well as, as, as the person running the stream, right? Like, if you want people to kind of help you out, give you those hints And of course, I wanted you to kind of look through there instead of giving you the answer in this case as well, even though I was kind of like a observer at, or like a viewing, what you're looking at. Well, while we were talking about that, I remember that it kind of guesses it. Yeah
And of course, I wanted you to kind of look through there instead of giving you the answer in this case as well, even though I was kind of like a observer at, or like a viewing, what you're looking at. Well, while we were talking about that, I remember that it kind of guesses it. Yeah Yeah. So I think I would, if the body is font family, sans serif, maybe headroom, no, no, no. So you just want to change the, the H one tag color, right? Yeah. Yeah. So for that, you get out of the body and below it, you write H one
Yeah. So I think I would, if the body is font family, sans serif, maybe headroom, no, no, no. So you just want to change the, the H one tag color, right? Yeah. Yeah. So for that, you get out of the body and below it, you write H one So what's happening now is you're modifying everything inside the body tag. So what you see here online one corresponds to a tag in HTML. So every body tag would get font family sans serif. This is when you do the squiggly lines, or squiggly lines
So what's happening now is you're modifying everything inside the body tag. So what you see here online one corresponds to a tag in HTML. So every body tag would get font family sans serif. This is when you do the squiggly lines, or squiggly lines I've been getting lost on the squiggly lines, what I use them for. But I think a lot of it, yay. Okay. And then I could look up like what this text is and change that, okay, hey, and I got frustrated
I've been getting lost on the squiggly lines, what I use them for. But I think a lot of it, yay. Okay. And then I could look up like what this text is and change that, okay, hey, and I got frustrated I'm trying to search it that I just decided to tag color and this thing guesses it, which I think is another really cool feature to learn with. I'm just like, I don't know, I'll try it. Let's see what happens. Yeah. Experimenting is one of the best ways to learn coding and technologies anyways
I'm trying to search it that I just decided to tag color and this thing guesses it, which I think is another really cool feature to learn with. I'm just like, I don't know, I'll try it. Let's see what happens. Yeah. Experimenting is one of the best ways to learn coding and technologies anyways That's that's how I learn most of the things that I worked with technology. Wait, why is it going to like save it? There we go. So if you hover color, it actually links you to MDN reference there. And you can click on that link. That as well. That's really cool. So those are called selectors
That's that's how I learn most of the things that I worked with technology. Wait, why is it going to like save it? There we go. So if you hover color, it actually links you to MDN reference there. And you can click on that link. That as well. That's really cool. So those are called selectors You have a body selector. You're selecting by the HTML tag right now. But remember how we also had IDs like we had the we had the div with an ID of app. So we could also and maybe oh, I don't have anything right
You have a body selector. You're selecting by the HTML tag right now. But remember how we also had IDs like we had the we had the div with an ID of app. So we could also and maybe oh, I don't have anything right Did you try to edit it right for me so I'll show you something with what happens with the IDs. There we go. So if we go to the index.html and we see the the paragraph there with the here are some of Gen's favorite podcasts. We give an ID now. The ID is podcasts
Did you try to edit it right for me so I'll show you something with what happens with the IDs. There we go. So if we go to the index.html and we see the the paragraph there with the here are some of Gen's favorite podcasts. We give an ID now. The ID is podcasts The ID is podcasts. We save that and then we go to style CSS. Now I'll add another paragraph here to demonstrate something. Welcome to my space. Just to demonstrate something. So now we have one p tag with an ID of podcasts and one p tag in general. Okay
The ID is podcasts. We save that and then we go to style CSS. Now I'll add another paragraph here to demonstrate something. Welcome to my space. Just to demonstrate something. So now we have one p tag with an ID of podcasts and one p tag in general. Okay Okay. Two p tags and I need to find the right page. So then we go and if we now want to target everything that is a p tag, we could change their background color for example and see I even typoed it and it's so smart that it can tell me it's background color. Okay. We're going to put it
Okay. Two p tags and I need to find the right page. So then we go and if we now want to target everything that is a p tag, we could change their background color for example and see I even typoed it and it's so smart that it can tell me it's background color. Okay. We're going to put it We're going to choose choose a color for here. Okay, this this sounds good. Okay, this I can I can pronounce cornflower blue and we save it. Now we can see now we can see where the p tags are. Those are those p tags. However, I actually just wanted to change the one that talks about the podcasts
We're going to choose choose a color for here. Okay, this this sounds good. Okay, this I can I can pronounce cornflower blue and we save it. Now we can see now we can see where the p tags are. Those are those p tags. However, I actually just wanted to change the one that talks about the podcasts Okay. So in order to do that, we can also target the ID and not only one of those code. Okay. So that's one of the reasons you would give an ID to an element because that can be then used as a selector in CSS and JS or JavaScript to find that specific tag within your code. Back
Okay. So in order to do that, we can also target the ID and not only one of those code. Okay. So that's one of the reasons you would give an ID to an element because that can be then used as a selector in CSS and JS or JavaScript to find that specific tag within your code. Back Back. Let me choose a color. Oh, you just let me do it. Now you want to let me go. And you can I think if you start writing. Yeah. There we go. Okay. So even though it's second, oh, you just changed, you deleted a color and just changed the text weight. Okay
Back. Let me choose a color. Oh, you just let me do it. Now you want to let me go. And you can I think if you start writing. Yeah. There we go. Okay. So even though it's second, oh, you just changed, you deleted a color and just changed the text weight. Okay Okay. If I add a color in there, we'll just make it blue because it does overwrite it. Okay. That's cool. Yeah. So what we see here is a demonstration of the priority of the selectors
Okay. If I add a color in there, we'll just make it blue because it does overwrite it. Okay. That's cool. Yeah. So what we see here is a demonstration of the priority of the selectors So a selector with just targets a tag like p has a lower priority than a selector that targets the ID based something based on an ID. Okay. And that's why I wanted to move it up just to see if it changed it
So a selector with just targets a tag like p has a lower priority than a selector that targets the ID based something based on an ID. Okay. And that's why I wanted to move it up just to see if it changed it So like even though seen if it reads it from like top to bottom or if it reads it by priority and you're saying CSS reads it by priority. Yeah, it does have some some priority in it. If things are in same priority, they overwrite the picture. Okay
So like even though seen if it reads it from like top to bottom or if it reads it by priority and you're saying CSS reads it by priority. Yeah, it does have some some priority in it. If things are in same priority, they overwrite the picture. Okay Okay. I feel like this is definitely giving me a good grasp. I'm like, I'm finally starting to see how I can start to build things myself. I get that HTML and CSS are very, very basic yet now that I've also been able to see a little bit of like express and react. I'm like, ooh, okay
Okay. I feel like this is definitely giving me a good grasp. I'm like, I'm finally starting to see how I can start to build things myself. I get that HTML and CSS are very, very basic yet now that I've also been able to see a little bit of like express and react. I'm like, ooh, okay I think maybe in a few more sessions, I'm going to be there that I can actually build something myself, which is going to be cool. So thank you. No problem. Yeah
I think maybe in a few more sessions, I'm going to be there that I can actually build something myself, which is going to be cool. So thank you. No problem. Yeah No problem. Yeah. I wanted to do a little bit like at least a couple more tidbits here at the end of the code review as well to kind of maybe answer a few things that, you might have run into or might have questions about next. And yeah, that was that was fun. It's definitely cool. That was fun
No problem. Yeah. I wanted to do a little bit like at least a couple more tidbits here at the end of the code review as well to kind of maybe answer a few things that, you might have run into or might have questions about next. And yeah, that was that was fun. It's definitely cool. That was fun That was fun. Like this is definitely something. I think you also really did teach me how to do a code review because this was something that I was running into
That was fun. Like this is definitely something. I think you also really did teach me how to do a code review because this was something that I was running into I think in a lot of where I'm still trying to like understand the content that's coming at me that I'm not necessarily reading through everything because I'm just like, oh, I just like, I need to keep up with someone
I think in a lot of where I'm still trying to like understand the content that's coming at me that I'm not necessarily reading through everything because I'm just like, oh, I just like, I need to keep up with someone And Anthony brought this up earlier of like, you know, he should probably like write down in your own instructions or like read what terminals putting out. And I'm like, I don't always know what each of those pieces mean. So I'm just skipping over them too. Yeah
And Anthony brought this up earlier of like, you know, he should probably like write down in your own instructions or like read what terminals putting out. And I'm like, I don't always know what each of those pieces mean. So I'm just skipping over them too. Yeah Yeah. So um if you if you if you have some time when you do all this like if you do a session on your free time and things like that, free code camp is a really great resource for beginners
Yeah. So um if you if you if you have some time when you do all this like if you do a session on your free time and things like that, free code camp is a really great resource for beginners I think they go through some of these beginning stages in a very nice structured way where you do learn, but you also build things along the way. So that way you you'll definitely get a hang of all this. And I think now might be the right time to go there
I think they go through some of these beginning stages in a very nice structured way where you do learn, but you also build things along the way. So that way you you'll definitely get a hang of all this. And I think now might be the right time to go there For HTML and CSS, if you wait too long, the beginning sessions will feel like, oh, I already know this and then you skip over them and then you might lose something that kind of was like an intent to be there that you otherwise wouldn't have run into
For HTML and CSS, if you wait too long, the beginning sessions will feel like, oh, I already know this and then you skip over them and then you might lose something that kind of was like an intent to be there that you otherwise wouldn't have run into So that might be something that would support your learning HTML and CSS really fast right now. That'd be cool. And I mean, I remember being very, very stuck in my learning on JavaScript, on LinkedIn learning
So that might be something that would support your learning HTML and CSS really fast right now. That'd be cool. And I mean, I remember being very, very stuck in my learning on JavaScript, on LinkedIn learning And I'm just like, I feel like if I restart the learning, I might get a little more less stuck now. So I'm like, maybe I should actually like finish that one too. That's a good idea as well. I can get that one done
And I'm just like, I feel like if I restart the learning, I might get a little more less stuck now. So I'm like, maybe I should actually like finish that one too. That's a good idea as well. I can get that one done But yeah, I really appreciate you coming on the show today and being our first guest, our first returning guest as well. That's awesome. Breaking records here. That's amazing. Happy to be here. And I think I'll I hope to be there the first one to make it here three times
But yeah, I really appreciate you coming on the show today and being our first guest, our first returning guest as well. That's awesome. Breaking records here. That's amazing. Happy to be here. And I think I'll I hope to be there the first one to make it here three times So yes, thank you again, Yere, thank you. Bye.
So yes, thank you again, Yere, thank you. Bye.