Hello beautiful humans. Welcome back to Teach Gentek. It has been a hot minute. I didn't have I had like a guest I think last Monday and doing co-working with Jen by myself is just really awkward. Especially because I've had to work on podcast stuff that I didn't do the last few days So thank you everyone for your patience and I'm very excited because today we have Bakari on not Bakari Bakari. That's right. Which is just a really cool name by the way. Thank you. Do you know the origin of the name or was it just like something your mom was like that's cool
So thank you everyone for your patience and I'm very excited because today we have Bakari on not Bakari Bakari. That's right. Which is just a really cool name by the way. Thank you. Do you know the origin of the name or was it just like something your mom was like that's cool Yeah they were like reading the ingredients on the back of a bottle name. Yeah. Bakari. No seriously it's an African name. It is Swahili. My full name is actually Bakari Ayende Holmes. Wow okay. Yeah so I think Ayende is your your deba and Bakari is Keith Swahili and it means of noble promise
Yeah they were like reading the ingredients on the back of a bottle name. Yeah. Bakari. No seriously it's an African name. It is Swahili. My full name is actually Bakari Ayende Holmes. Wow okay. Yeah so I think Ayende is your your deba and Bakari is Keith Swahili and it means of noble promise Yes So that means I mean it means praise. In noble promise praise. Dig it. It doesn't really like go together but it came on. No it can today. No I'm just kidding
Yes So that means I mean it means praise. In noble promise praise. Dig it. It doesn't really like go together but it came on. No it can today. No I'm just kidding I'm just saying that because it's like your name you know because it's your full name but yeah well thank you for letting me go off on that total random side note. What please introduce yourself and what your teaching me today
I'm just saying that because it's like your name you know because it's your full name but yeah well thank you for letting me go off on that total random side note. What please introduce yourself and what your teaching me today So as you said Bakari Holmes I am a full stack front in leaning developer. I'm also a musician, content creator, physicist, teacher, dad, a whole bunch of stuff. Today we are going to be going over integrating Square as a scene square. It's the payment thing right
So as you said Bakari Holmes I am a full stack front in leaning developer. I'm also a musician, content creator, physicist, teacher, dad, a whole bunch of stuff. Today we are going to be going over integrating Square as a scene square. It's the payment thing right Just like I feel like I know what Square is because I've worked like helped a friend on a coffee truck before and she had the little app
Just like I feel like I know what Square is because I've worked like helped a friend on a coffee truck before and she had the little app So but if you had to explain Square to like somebody who had no idea what it is how would you explain it? I would say Square is a whole bunch of things but what we are going to be dealing with today is software that allows that makes it very easy for you to take payments on the go
So but if you had to explain Square to like somebody who had no idea what it is how would you explain it? I would say Square is a whole bunch of things but what we are going to be dealing with today is software that allows that makes it very easy for you to take payments on the go So let's say if you had a website like say me like say if you're a musician and you wanted to sell merch to people and you wanted to add that ability to take payments for that merch
So let's say if you had a website like say me like say if you're a musician and you wanted to sell merch to people and you wanted to add that ability to take payments for that merch Square offers some APIs that make it pretty simple to add that and I have today a way of doing that that allows you that allows you to build it without having to you know use Python, Django and react and then you know something else for your back end. It's all one thing, one framework
Square offers some APIs that make it pretty simple to add that and I have today a way of doing that that allows you that allows you to build it without having to you know use Python, Django and react and then you know something else for your back end. It's all one thing, one framework We're going to do it in one framework
We're going to do it in one framework I feel like I am going to ask you a difficult question you know as soon as we go with when I worked at Stoplight and I was like learning from the engineers about more of like what is an API and what Stoplight specifically does to get ready for their learning services stuff
I feel like I am going to ask you a difficult question you know as soon as we go with when I worked at Stoplight and I was like learning from the engineers about more of like what is an API and what Stoplight specifically does to get ready for their learning services stuff I was asking everyone what is an SDK and the difference between an API and an SDK and so many individuals had different answers to the question. So I'm probably going to have a answer
I was asking everyone what is an SDK and the difference between an API and an SDK and so many individuals had different answers to the question. So I'm probably going to have a answer Yeah I'm curious what what how would you explain when an SDK is by itself and then how would you compare it to you
Yeah I'm curious what what how would you explain when an SDK is by itself and then how would you compare it to you So an API can be something as simple as you have an endpoint which basically an endpoint looks like a URL right it has this address and when you go to this address this address typically does one thing. It returns you some JSON right JavaScript object notation and this JSON has like a response
So an API can be something as simple as you have an endpoint which basically an endpoint looks like a URL right it has this address and when you go to this address this address typically does one thing. It returns you some JSON right JavaScript object notation and this JSON has like a response So you say hey I want to know how many people are a part of this band and then an API returns and says here's a list of the people in this band it's this person this person this person this person this person or you could say hey there's another endpoint that says hey who's the drummer right you just add ask that so that's an API
So you say hey I want to know how many people are a part of this band and then an API returns and says here's a list of the people in this band it's this person this person this person this person this person or you could say hey there's another endpoint that says hey who's the drummer right you just add ask that so that's an API What an SDK does an SDK is meant to allow you to build an app or integrate some technology into your existing app quicker. So it's that's it's called a software development kit
What an SDK does an SDK is meant to allow you to build an app or integrate some technology into your existing app quicker. So it's that's it's called a software development kit So you can think of it like kind of a tool build right you can add these tools to your existing skill set or to your existing code in this case we are going to take some React components that are built on top of squares SDK and all we have to do is add these components to our project and we can you know add payments with a little more with a little bit more code
So you can think of it like kind of a tool build right you can add these tools to your existing skill set or to your existing code in this case we are going to take some React components that are built on top of squares SDK and all we have to do is add these components to our project and we can you know add payments with a little more with a little bit more code So then we don't have to leave JavaScript at all and I love time apps like that you don't have to leave JavaScript
So then we don't have to leave JavaScript at all and I love time apps like that you don't have to leave JavaScript That is very cool and I know when I was working with Ramon last week and he's been on the show twice we actually worked on not only building an API and I believe we were using Express but then we also used Mongo and MongoDB to build the database and we did it as like kind words
That is very cool and I know when I was working with Ramon last week and he's been on the show twice we actually worked on not only building an API and I believe we were using Express but then we also used Mongo and MongoDB to build the database and we did it as like kind words So if I add like comments that people have given me so that way I have like you know a happiness like spur so that way you know if I'm feeling down I can look at them all where it would actually start listing them out as the endpoints and that was really cool being able to see that and kind of after being in the API world for so long like actually see how a bare basic API can be built because I was like oh it's not as hard as I once imagined
So if I add like comments that people have given me so that way I have like you know a happiness like spur so that way you know if I'm feeling down I can look at them all where it would actually start listing them out as the endpoints and that was really cool being able to see that and kind of after being in the API world for so long like actually see how a bare basic API can be built because I was like oh it's not as hard as I once imagined No no and an API can be one endpoint it can be a whole bunch of endpoints together and then you call that an API and API is really wherever you want to draw the line there are like huge complex APIs that like deal with cyber security for you know there's APIs that deal with traffic to you know maybe you're a group of websites so there's APIs that just you call them and they just return like I was talking about you call them and they just return one thing so like at its most basic level I like to explain an API that way I feel like those more complicated APIs are just a more complicated version of something that's very simple
No no and an API can be one endpoint it can be a whole bunch of endpoints together and then you call that an API and API is really wherever you want to draw the line there are like huge complex APIs that like deal with cyber security for you know there's APIs that deal with traffic to you know maybe you're a group of websites so there's APIs that just you call them and they just return like I was talking about you call them and they just return one thing so like at its most basic level I like to explain an API that way I feel like those more complicated APIs are just a more complicated version of something that's very simple That's something that Mishko is talking about when he came on to like go over quick was especially and he's he could told me that he was telling his kids this of like you just learn the basics and all these fundamental things that are all pretty basic and then build upon them
That's something that Mishko is talking about when he came on to like go over quick was especially and he's he could told me that he was telling his kids this of like you just learn the basics and all these fundamental things that are all pretty basic and then build upon them And I was like when you think about I like that it's not as daunting getting into the coding intact world it's just looking big picture like wanting to understand why we need to scale and create governance and APIs is very big picture is very needed yet daunting at this level. Right
And I was like when you think about I like that it's not as daunting getting into the coding intact world it's just looking big picture like wanting to understand why we need to scale and create governance and APIs is very big picture is very needed yet daunting at this level. Right Right. So thank you I appreciate the explanation. Yeah no problem so let's let's jump into my little deck that I have here if you want to do that right now let's do yeah I'm down comment or anything
Right. So thank you I appreciate the explanation. Yeah no problem so let's let's jump into my little deck that I have here if you want to do that right now let's do yeah I'm down comment or anything No I'm learning the clicky clicky on StreamYard you know gotta learn how to use all that I know how to use it but I never am like doing it one time. Yeah okay so this is done duh duh duh duh sorry I always do sound effects and stuff
No I'm learning the clicky clicky on StreamYard you know gotta learn how to use all that I know how to use it but I never am like doing it one time. Yeah okay so this is done duh duh duh duh sorry I always do sound effects and stuff Yay I think that's fireworks okay I mean it kind of that one kind of reminds me of Star Wars don't be started but no like the you know when they're the old school Star Wars not like the ones that have been made in like the last 20 years but the old school ones yeah yeah definitely so yeah we are going to go I didn't mention but we are going to use next JS that is a React full stack framework it is made by or it's owned by Versel I'm most made by Versel but it's owned by Versel someone from Versel can probably correct me on that but we're going to just build a demo this is really going to be it's not going to look pretty but it's going to be functional and again it's going to be the simplest thing we can build in next JS that has the square integrated into it and and then from there you know later on you know you can can build on it you can add to it you don't have payments attached to it so that's really cool I'm almost starting to wonder because Anthony taught me how and it was very much front end of how to you to create a React app with Viet and Versel and then Ramon taught me how to do the API with as I said with Express JS and Mongo and then learning this I'm like huh eventually I'm going to get to the point where I can push them all together yeah and this there's going to be some overlap with I can't remember the name of the gentleman that was talking about quick Miska Miska so there's going to be some overlap with that and the API and the React this actually in some ways is going to bring those things together hopefully because we are going to be building a full stack by just going create next step and I'm kind of getting ahead of myself but I'm really excited because next allows you it looks like it's front end code but it's actually a full stack there's just a whole bunch of stuff that's abstracted away from you in other words it's it's there but the way that it's built it's a really nice experience and all you have to do is type some JavaScript and then you know you run your server and boom everything is there there's a server you know you can build an API so we're going to be doing that okay here's a situation but parents went to wait on the week's vacation so the situation is you know I actually I think I already explained this I'm thinking of a use case and the use case for me is I'm a musician I actually have a band page and on that band page I can't sell merch but I want to be able to sell merch and I want to be able to take payments for that so in my mind I'm like okay I really like JavaScript plan I like staying in JavaScript plan so what is the least number of frameworks right because we could use an endless number of frameworks we could use something for CSS we could use something for HTML we could use something for our front end JavaScript we could see you something for our middleware like Express our middle our middle layer and then we could use like node so we can we can continue to multiply we want to do testing you know we can introduce frameworks for testing but what's the least number of frameworks needed to build a square app in JS
Yay I think that's fireworks okay I mean it kind of that one kind of reminds me of Star Wars don't be started but no like the you know when they're the old school Star Wars not like the ones that have been made in like the last 20 years but the old school ones yeah yeah definitely so yeah we are going to go I didn't mention but we are going to use next JS that is a React full stack framework it is made by or it's owned by Versel I'm most made by Versel but it's owned by Versel someone from Versel can probably correct me on that but we're going to just build a demo this is really going to be it's not going to look pretty but it's going to be functional and again it's going to be the simplest thing we can build in next JS that has the square integrated into it and and then from there you know later on you know you can can build on it you can add to it you don't have payments attached to it so that's really cool I'm almost starting to wonder because Anthony taught me how and it was very much front end of how to you to create a React app with Viet and Versel and then Ramon taught me how to do the API with as I said with Express JS and Mongo and then learning this I'm like huh eventually I'm going to get to the point where I can push them all together yeah and this there's going to be some overlap with I can't remember the name of the gentleman that was talking about quick Miska Miska so there's going to be some overlap with that and the API and the React this actually in some ways is going to bring those things together hopefully because we are going to be building a full stack by just going create next step and I'm kind of getting ahead of myself but I'm really excited because next allows you it looks like it's front end code but it's actually a full stack there's just a whole bunch of stuff that's abstracted away from you in other words it's it's there but the way that it's built it's a really nice experience and all you have to do is type some JavaScript and then you know you run your server and boom everything is there there's a server you know you can build an API so we're going to be doing that okay here's a situation but parents went to wait on the week's vacation so the situation is you know I actually I think I already explained this I'm thinking of a use case and the use case for me is I'm a musician I actually have a band page and on that band page I can't sell merch but I want to be able to sell merch and I want to be able to take payments for that so in my mind I'm like okay I really like JavaScript plan I like staying in JavaScript plan so what is the least number of frameworks right because we could use an endless number of frameworks we could use something for CSS we could use something for HTML we could use something for our front end JavaScript we could see you something for our middleware like Express our middle our middle layer and then we could use like node so we can we can continue to multiply we want to do testing you know we can introduce frameworks for testing but what's the least number of frameworks needed to build a square app in JS When this question is appropriate I'm not sure when I'm curious why what would be the perks of doing this compared to like something that's a bit less technical of like an iFrame
When this question is appropriate I'm not sure when I'm curious why what would be the perks of doing this compared to like something that's a bit less technical of like an iFrame Hmm an iFrame um granted that is HTML and it iFrames don't always work in general and um I'm gonna I'm gonna Google it because I like I know what an iFrame is and I'll work on describing it then I'm gonna Google it and see if I can if it tells me what it is actually iFrame is where it can take a portion of an app or a website and you can embed it into another website using HTML meaning that it is just a frame of a selected area right so I would my question of it
Hmm an iFrame um granted that is HTML and it iFrames don't always work in general and um I'm gonna I'm gonna Google it because I like I know what an iFrame is and I'll work on describing it then I'm gonna Google it and see if I can if it tells me what it is actually iFrame is where it can take a portion of an app or a website and you can embed it into another website using HTML meaning that it is just a frame of a selected area right so I would my question of it Yes so what I would guess and you know I'm not the expert on this actually the square folks are and I don't work for square just maybe someday um maybe we'll see um are you guys watching did you hear that we'll tag them we'll tag them and be like you know square you'll square what out y'all square block one of those um in case you don't know I am looking for a job right now that was the problem yeah um I can't even remember what I was saying the difference between an iFrame having it as an iFrame and so when we finish um we're gonna have an app and what next JS is going to do it's actually going to create HTML it's gonna add event listeners it's going to have all of the things that a typical website would have and we could take an iFrame from that website and built a portion of it and we could display it somewhere so you know for instance it could be like a payment box and we could use that iFrame somewhere else so yes we could use an iFrame but you need you need the HTML either way you're going to need the HTML and then from that HTML you can take that frame and put it somewhere and it's not gonna necessarily do exactly what we want it to do we're building it into the site with next or yeah we're on next right now sorry I was getting my frame was all funky um it's going to be able to display what we want it to display and I'm thinking yes and i'm probably going to be more reliable I'm not sure what you know I haven't worked with iFrames a ton I've worked with them a little bit but like I would I would venture when if I would if I would venture a guess then I would think that iFrames are a little bit more limited in their functionality and what they're able to do now I'm not trying to hate on Apple I'm just saying that particular technology is made for a specific use case so whereas next is made for like a what to for a wide general purpose full stack programming purpose so you know anything you want to build essentially that's full stack could be good yep um so anyways um the answer is one we have like a clap thing yeah all right we're going to get a we're clapping ourselves okay um so if you use next JS um in my opinion building this way will lead to a better developer experience because the developers that already know next are no react which there's a lot um you know they'll be able to quickly spin this up um it again it supports full stack reacts optimizations easy API design we actually are going to build an API today it's only going to take like 20 lines of code um but we'll build an endpoint in next in in a folder it's so cool oh my gosh I'm so excited um it's really easy to spin up um it's wildly popular so that's why I'm doing it this way this is just kind of the justification for uh why it's being built this way between the square API which we just talked about right between the square web payments SDK so within all of the square APIs there's one that specific there's APIs that are specific for web payments that's taking payments on the web so there's like mobile and there's all these different other ones there's actually I don't I don't know the one but um you'll learn the most and I'll be honest um I've been poking around their docs actually and uh I just been hanging out in the web payments um I think if you can tell your passionate about it just as like a side point because like so many that is something that I really love about the show is people always come on to talk about what their passion about and thank you and please continue um within that those square APIs um there is the web payments at APIs and they took uh those web payments as APIs and wrap them up in a web payments SDK so if you use this web payments SDK you can again more easily build an app with that you know you can make the square API calls and all of that stuff you can have that functionality that uh you know square afford you uh we want to use React we want to use the component based architecture that React has and also uh you know the API endpoints between all of that there's lots of complexity so let's try to simplify this down so we have happy campers like that yes they do look very happy yes they do and these are actual satisfied customers yes they are um so what I have here is a uh uh picture of next JS and it's all one code base and then and your next JS are different folders and what we're going to do is a group of folks I think they are kind of international a group of folks actually took the square SDK and they created uh what's called a React wrapper and essentially they took the square SDK and they took that logic and they stuck them in different components and then they put them on GitHub and they said hey world use these it makes it even easier because now all you have to do is import those components to your next project and then you can use those components to build uh and add payments to a network so essentially all you're doing is once you you know have installed it uh the the wrapper and the SDK um then you can just import it great good um okay so now we're down to just react square web payments SDK which if you google that you'll come up with the GitHub and we're going to actually add it on our um our CLI our command line and next JS we just have those two things um so we'll stay in a React context you can quickly integrate right there's so many like nerdy references in here like one framework of the mallets I mean see I'm so new that I didn't even like no uh that I believe is um lord of the rings oh okay like one ring through the mall oh yeah that does make sense I'm actually it been working through watching all of them rewatching them in like the last month so I should yeah probably shouldn't have known that one yes uh yeah well we will get off on so many standards um and then react context there's actually there's actually a feature in react called context and I was using the word context so that was like really nerdy like double speak I take it I take it there's probably like one react a couple react developers going oh I got it I'm glad they are because you know like I'm learning all of this and like I give excited when I get like one like reference and I'm like all the other ones got over my head but yeah I know that one so this this slide here I like to go over this because this is going to kind of try to solidify it's just another visual way to explain the architecture of what we're actually building because we're gonna like type a few lines and it's gonna be like oh it's already there right so sometimes it can feel like well you know um how do we do that um so there is the next JS we are going to NPM install that SDK uh react square webpay payments SDK and also web payment SDK we're going to NPM install that so within that there are a couple components there's ACH which is like I think direct debit and then credit card pit yeah so those there's those two um there's those two types that we're gonna use and add to our project um some of the benefits specifically for next JS it allows for and I'm not gonna go a lot into this because I know you already had someone come on and talk about this but server side rendering and static site generation so it it affords you that out of the box once you do create next app um you've you've already got it prefetching um prefetching allows you like if you have a link or a route um or if you have a fetch call sometimes it can actually get that data before you make that call so then when you make that call the response comes really quickly okay so it uh improves your um again the the the the purpose is to optimize or to speed up how long it takes for you to spin up this app um or to to render it on the screen to render it or paint it uh where is the first paint or the second paint on your on your browser um optimizations like code splitting I'm gonna I'm gonna slow down with this so code splitting is you take your JavaScript and essentially it's divided up into modules or pieces and instead of loading it all at once uh it's loaded in chunks oh that's kind of like what quick does because quick only loads it when you need it instead of like for example loading an entire page at the beginning it makes it so that way it does render a lot yeah it is it is that what you just said you got it yay learning cold stars you blew up the death star I can just keep going here I dig it I dig it um and then tree shaking tree shaking essentially looks at um your code and sees if there are any dead pieces of code that like are no longer needed and then remove okay uh so then again that if a re-load needs to happen it happens faster um real quick and I'm just gonna say hi Brazil oh Brazil's here what's up girl for anyone watching like you have to follow yourself like she is just like one of the coolest humans in the world so yeah that is true I know that I follow most people on twitter she is the get hub uh dev advocate so follow her on get hub to like seriously just a legit human that is right she's part of our render atl group yes and I like that I keep hearing about it like without meaning to I just keep meeting people that have gone to vat it like yes yeah that's cool that's right um so ing what is seeing oh webpack um so I'm not gonna go deep into webpack but it's essentially she said yeah you're in your atl group shout out shout it out um webpack is a is a is a system that allows you to take your modules and your dependencies and all these different things and bundle them up into some nice JavaScript HTML and CSS so um that webpack system is built in I believe it's webpack five at this point that next JS is using so with all of these features are all built into next JS you see wow yeah this is cool yeah so um next JS you can entirely build this essentially in react components okay you don't need to fool around with HTML I think there's a very small amount of HTML but it's essentially is like a hundred percent like react components almost and then if when you're building on what react app you use create react app with creating with next you create next app and similar to um your base level scaffolding for create react you're gonna build uh base level scaffolding for next so we're gonna do that on the command line and let me see if we're gonna do that now let me see what was yes we are so okay what I want you to do is go ahead and go to your uh command line all right I don't think that I can keep both of our screens up so I'm gonna start yeah yeah okay sounds good well uh and I gotta make this like giant oh wrong page wrong page here we go that one's that normal and this one is so much bigger yay okay and then I don't believe I've installed next yet like I think I have react you know um express yep so yes and then let me go to shoot this is when it's not like a good thing that I haven't done it in like a week because I'm like wait what do I do and I need to go to I was just gonna say do you can do see up uh you can do LS to see what's in your directory oh thank you just list I don't know where you have your coding projects resent could probably school us on like how to organize your folders using some fancy get thing probably probably I'm not even gonna lie uh yeah so much to learn okay so I'm in the proper folder now okay got it all right so what you're gonna do is you're going to npm install so npm install install and then dash dash save dash dash save and then it's gonna be react actually you know what I'm gonna send this to you actually I can put it in oh I can't put it in the comments you should be able to put it in the comments I would think I could put in the private chat but there's no right well you know it'll show up on the screen so they'll see it okay so it is react make sure I spell this right dash web s I'm just gonna type a whole thing so we're not going back to web dash sdk yeah OK All right
Yes so what I would guess and you know I'm not the expert on this actually the square folks are and I don't work for square just maybe someday um maybe we'll see um are you guys watching did you hear that we'll tag them we'll tag them and be like you know square you'll square what out y'all square block one of those um in case you don't know I am looking for a job right now that was the problem yeah um I can't even remember what I was saying the difference between an iFrame having it as an iFrame and so when we finish um we're gonna have an app and what next JS is going to do it's actually going to create HTML it's gonna add event listeners it's going to have all of the things that a typical website would have and we could take an iFrame from that website and built a portion of it and we could display it somewhere so you know for instance it could be like a payment box and we could use that iFrame somewhere else so yes we could use an iFrame but you need you need the HTML either way you're going to need the HTML and then from that HTML you can take that frame and put it somewhere and it's not gonna necessarily do exactly what we want it to do we're building it into the site with next or yeah we're on next right now sorry I was getting my frame was all funky um it's going to be able to display what we want it to display and I'm thinking yes and i'm probably going to be more reliable I'm not sure what you know I haven't worked with iFrames a ton I've worked with them a little bit but like I would I would venture when if I would if I would venture a guess then I would think that iFrames are a little bit more limited in their functionality and what they're able to do now I'm not trying to hate on Apple I'm just saying that particular technology is made for a specific use case so whereas next is made for like a what to for a wide general purpose full stack programming purpose so you know anything you want to build essentially that's full stack could be good yep um so anyways um the answer is one we have like a clap thing yeah all right we're going to get a we're clapping ourselves okay um so if you use next JS um in my opinion building this way will lead to a better developer experience because the developers that already know next are no react which there's a lot um you know they'll be able to quickly spin this up um it again it supports full stack reacts optimizations easy API design we actually are going to build an API today it's only going to take like 20 lines of code um but we'll build an endpoint in next in in a folder it's so cool oh my gosh I'm so excited um it's really easy to spin up um it's wildly popular so that's why I'm doing it this way this is just kind of the justification for uh why it's being built this way between the square API which we just talked about right between the square web payments SDK so within all of the square APIs there's one that specific there's APIs that are specific for web payments that's taking payments on the web so there's like mobile and there's all these different other ones there's actually I don't I don't know the one but um you'll learn the most and I'll be honest um I've been poking around their docs actually and uh I just been hanging out in the web payments um I think if you can tell your passionate about it just as like a side point because like so many that is something that I really love about the show is people always come on to talk about what their passion about and thank you and please continue um within that those square APIs um there is the web payments at APIs and they took uh those web payments as APIs and wrap them up in a web payments SDK so if you use this web payments SDK you can again more easily build an app with that you know you can make the square API calls and all of that stuff you can have that functionality that uh you know square afford you uh we want to use React we want to use the component based architecture that React has and also uh you know the API endpoints between all of that there's lots of complexity so let's try to simplify this down so we have happy campers like that yes they do look very happy yes they do and these are actual satisfied customers yes they are um so what I have here is a uh uh picture of next JS and it's all one code base and then and your next JS are different folders and what we're going to do is a group of folks I think they are kind of international a group of folks actually took the square SDK and they created uh what's called a React wrapper and essentially they took the square SDK and they took that logic and they stuck them in different components and then they put them on GitHub and they said hey world use these it makes it even easier because now all you have to do is import those components to your next project and then you can use those components to build uh and add payments to a network so essentially all you're doing is once you you know have installed it uh the the wrapper and the SDK um then you can just import it great good um okay so now we're down to just react square web payments SDK which if you google that you'll come up with the GitHub and we're going to actually add it on our um our CLI our command line and next JS we just have those two things um so we'll stay in a React context you can quickly integrate right there's so many like nerdy references in here like one framework of the mallets I mean see I'm so new that I didn't even like no uh that I believe is um lord of the rings oh okay like one ring through the mall oh yeah that does make sense I'm actually it been working through watching all of them rewatching them in like the last month so I should yeah probably shouldn't have known that one yes uh yeah well we will get off on so many standards um and then react context there's actually there's actually a feature in react called context and I was using the word context so that was like really nerdy like double speak I take it I take it there's probably like one react a couple react developers going oh I got it I'm glad they are because you know like I'm learning all of this and like I give excited when I get like one like reference and I'm like all the other ones got over my head but yeah I know that one so this this slide here I like to go over this because this is going to kind of try to solidify it's just another visual way to explain the architecture of what we're actually building because we're gonna like type a few lines and it's gonna be like oh it's already there right so sometimes it can feel like well you know um how do we do that um so there is the next JS we are going to NPM install that SDK uh react square webpay payments SDK and also web payment SDK we're going to NPM install that so within that there are a couple components there's ACH which is like I think direct debit and then credit card pit yeah so those there's those two um there's those two types that we're gonna use and add to our project um some of the benefits specifically for next JS it allows for and I'm not gonna go a lot into this because I know you already had someone come on and talk about this but server side rendering and static site generation so it it affords you that out of the box once you do create next app um you've you've already got it prefetching um prefetching allows you like if you have a link or a route um or if you have a fetch call sometimes it can actually get that data before you make that call so then when you make that call the response comes really quickly okay so it uh improves your um again the the the the purpose is to optimize or to speed up how long it takes for you to spin up this app um or to to render it on the screen to render it or paint it uh where is the first paint or the second paint on your on your browser um optimizations like code splitting I'm gonna I'm gonna slow down with this so code splitting is you take your JavaScript and essentially it's divided up into modules or pieces and instead of loading it all at once uh it's loaded in chunks oh that's kind of like what quick does because quick only loads it when you need it instead of like for example loading an entire page at the beginning it makes it so that way it does render a lot yeah it is it is that what you just said you got it yay learning cold stars you blew up the death star I can just keep going here I dig it I dig it um and then tree shaking tree shaking essentially looks at um your code and sees if there are any dead pieces of code that like are no longer needed and then remove okay uh so then again that if a re-load needs to happen it happens faster um real quick and I'm just gonna say hi Brazil oh Brazil's here what's up girl for anyone watching like you have to follow yourself like she is just like one of the coolest humans in the world so yeah that is true I know that I follow most people on twitter she is the get hub uh dev advocate so follow her on get hub to like seriously just a legit human that is right she's part of our render atl group yes and I like that I keep hearing about it like without meaning to I just keep meeting people that have gone to vat it like yes yeah that's cool that's right um so ing what is seeing oh webpack um so I'm not gonna go deep into webpack but it's essentially she said yeah you're in your atl group shout out shout it out um webpack is a is a is a system that allows you to take your modules and your dependencies and all these different things and bundle them up into some nice JavaScript HTML and CSS so um that webpack system is built in I believe it's webpack five at this point that next JS is using so with all of these features are all built into next JS you see wow yeah this is cool yeah so um next JS you can entirely build this essentially in react components okay you don't need to fool around with HTML I think there's a very small amount of HTML but it's essentially is like a hundred percent like react components almost and then if when you're building on what react app you use create react app with creating with next you create next app and similar to um your base level scaffolding for create react you're gonna build uh base level scaffolding for next so we're gonna do that on the command line and let me see if we're gonna do that now let me see what was yes we are so okay what I want you to do is go ahead and go to your uh command line all right I don't think that I can keep both of our screens up so I'm gonna start yeah yeah okay sounds good well uh and I gotta make this like giant oh wrong page wrong page here we go that one's that normal and this one is so much bigger yay okay and then I don't believe I've installed next yet like I think I have react you know um express yep so yes and then let me go to shoot this is when it's not like a good thing that I haven't done it in like a week because I'm like wait what do I do and I need to go to I was just gonna say do you can do see up uh you can do LS to see what's in your directory oh thank you just list I don't know where you have your coding projects resent could probably school us on like how to organize your folders using some fancy get thing probably probably I'm not even gonna lie uh yeah so much to learn okay so I'm in the proper folder now okay got it all right so what you're gonna do is you're going to npm install so npm install install and then dash dash save dash dash save and then it's gonna be react actually you know what I'm gonna send this to you actually I can put it in oh I can't put it in the comments you should be able to put it in the comments I would think I could put in the private chat but there's no right well you know it'll show up on the screen so they'll see it okay so it is react make sure I spell this right dash web s I'm just gonna type a whole thing so we're not going back to web dash sdk yeah OK All right All right. Okay. And then it's the magic. Yeah, it's going to it's going to go and do the magical in PM install. So this is kind of the magic, right? So we're taking that third party react. That third party react library that was created that has the square. SDK built into it into the components
All right. Okay. And then it's the magic. Yeah, it's going to it's going to go and do the magical in PM install. So this is kind of the magic, right? So we're taking that third party react. That third party react library that was created that has the square. SDK built into it into the components And then we need square SDK web SDK. We need the next transpile modules and we need overall square. And then we need to do certain functions. Got it. Let me see what I can't really see. But did it. Oh, yeah. Let me make it bigger. See, this is. I have to wear my glasses for these live streams
And then we need square SDK web SDK. We need the next transpile modules and we need overall square. And then we need to do certain functions. Got it. Let me see what I can't really see. But did it. Oh, yeah. Let me make it bigger. See, this is. I have to wear my glasses for these live streams I'm like, I can't see. Yeah. But one package is looking for funding run and PM fund for details. Yeah. So some, some of these are like open source projects that are that they need money to run. Oh, yeah. Yeah. This is telling us to go to get help to find that. Yep
I'm like, I can't see. Yeah. But one package is looking for funding run and PM fund for details. Yeah. So some, some of these are like open source projects that are that they need money to run. Oh, yeah. Yeah. This is telling us to go to get help to find that. Yep Yep. And again, Brazil knows all about open source. Shout out to open sauce is the open sauce or open sauce. That is a. B. Dougie has a great open source. B. Dougie is at GitHub as well. Nice. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Yep. And again, Brazil knows all about open source. Shout out to open sauce is the open sauce or open sauce. That is a. B. Dougie has a great open source. B. Dougie is at GitHub as well. Nice. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's what community is about. Yeah. That's right. So now we have those packages. And. What we want to do is. I want you to actually now open up your. I want you to open up your code. Okay. I'm going to see if it does it. Is it
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's what community is about. Yeah. That's right. So now we have those packages. And. What we want to do is. I want you to actually now open up your. I want you to open up your code. Okay. I'm going to see if it does it. Is it Is it. What is it dot code? To normally open up code space dot. I don't think it'll do it. Yeah. It. I need to. I actually got the instructions how to update that in. The shell commands. I just haven't done it yet. Okay. So. I basically. Yeah. I just want you to know. You can. You can. You can
Is it. What is it dot code? To normally open up code space dot. I don't think it'll do it. Yeah. It. I need to. I actually got the instructions how to update that in. The shell commands. I just haven't done it yet. Okay. So. I basically. Yeah. I just want you to know. You can. You can. You can You can. You can. You can. You can. You can. You can. You can. You can. You can. You can. You can. You can. Well. We actually. It takes like 70 more steps. Yeah. We just. We need to generate the next. Um. We just need to create. We just need to create. We just need to create
You can. You can. You can. You can. You can. You can. You can. You can. You can. You can. You can. You can. Well. We actually. It takes like 70 more steps. Yeah. We just. We need to generate the next. Um. We just need to create. We just need to create. We just need to create We just need to create. We just need to create. Um. The next scaffolding. So from your. Shout out to open sauce. Yeah. Um. So we just need to. Do create. Dash. Next. Dash. And is there any spaces in there? Nope. It's all one. Oh, I forgot. Oh, wait a minute. I think. I might have to install next
We just need to create. We just need to create. Um. The next scaffolding. So from your. Shout out to open sauce. Yeah. Um. So we just need to. Do create. Dash. Next. Dash. And is there any spaces in there? Nope. It's all one. Oh, I forgot. Oh, wait a minute. I think. I might have to install next I think so. Yeah. Yeah. So let's go to just next. Yes. Look, I'm googling it right now. Actually, why don't you Google it on your screen? So people can. I was going to say, let me. Ringless over and make this bigger. I profile. Because it's resolved. Pull me to set it up. So it did. Uh, okay
I think so. Yeah. Yeah. So let's go to just next. Yes. Look, I'm googling it right now. Actually, why don't you Google it on your screen? So people can. I was going to say, let me. Ringless over and make this bigger. I profile. Because it's resolved. Pull me to set it up. So it did. Uh, okay Uh, okay. So we want to install. Next. Yes. There you go. Okay. You can start with next. Okay. So I'm going to install. Next. Yes. There you go. Um, good answer. The next day. I started. There it is. Uh. Uh. Uh. On a matter of setup. Create up next. Yes. So it would. Would it be. Oh, I forgot
Uh, okay. So we want to install. Next. Yes. There you go. Okay. You can start with next. Okay. So I'm going to install. Next. Yes. There you go. Um, good answer. The next day. I started. There it is. Uh. Uh. Uh. On a matter of setup. Create up next. Yes. So it would. Would it be. Oh, I forgot Oh, I forgot. I had to have. In PX. In front of it. And in the end. We can see the. In PX. In PX. And in PX. And in PX. I believe in PX takes something. If you don't have something and installs it for you. Um. I had to look that up. But I'm pretty sure. In PX is like a dynamic thing. And in P.M
Oh, I forgot. I had to have. In PX. In front of it. And in the end. We can see the. In PX. In PX. And in PX. And in PX. I believe in PX takes something. If you don't have something and installs it for you. Um. I had to look that up. But I'm pretty sure. In PX is like a dynamic thing. And in P.M And in P.M. Takes the latest version and then installs. What is your project project? Oh, that's nice. But it does oh, I can't use capital letters. We need. Fine, fine. Car is dope. This is sometimes true. There we go
And in P.M. Takes the latest version and then installs. What is your project project? Oh, that's nice. But it does oh, I can't use capital letters. We need. Fine, fine. Car is dope. This is sometimes true. There we go There we go. See, I'm remembering how to do this from when Ramon had like it created a project name and you had to go through each of the steps on express. See if I remember all of them
There we go. See, I'm remembering how to do this from when Ramon had like it created a project name and you had to go through each of the steps on express. See if I remember all of them So this has a bunch of like if you, you can see like all of the stuff react, DOM, react, scheduler, source map, T.S. library, next environment. You see that? All that those direct dependencies. All of those are built into next V8 compile cache. Yeah, it's a whole bunch of cool stuff
So this has a bunch of like if you, you can see like all of the stuff react, DOM, react, scheduler, source map, T.S. library, next environment. You see that? All that those direct dependencies. All of those are built into next V8 compile cache. Yeah, it's a whole bunch of cool stuff We can move this one back over. All right. So we have this. So now I should be able to do code space dot. And. It has it right here. So I guess that is. All right. So there's a few places we want to look. Go to pages. Please and expand that. So there's API there. Okay
We can move this one back over. All right. So we have this. So now I should be able to do code space dot. And. It has it right here. So I guess that is. All right. So there's a few places we want to look. Go to pages. Please and expand that. So there's API there. Okay Okay. We're going to use that later. But if you can expand API. Hello, JS. I want you to change that to pay.js to change the name of that. Oh, sorry, P.A.Y. Oh, okay. And I was like, all right. Let's do hey. I like it. We could actually we could we could do hey. No. But yeah, let's do pay. Okay
Okay. We're going to use that later. But if you can expand API. Hello, JS. I want you to change that to pay.js to change the name of that. Oh, sorry, P.A.Y. Oh, okay. And I was like, all right. Let's do hey. I like it. We could actually we could we could do hey. No. But yeah, let's do pay. Okay Okay. And then we're going to need index JS, of course. And we're going to need something called next dot config dot JS, which is down a bit. This one. Yep. Right there. Okay. So, um, let me pull out my. This is going to be a bit. Can I show you my screen? Yeah, sure. No, switch back over. Okay
Okay. And then we're going to need index JS, of course. And we're going to need something called next dot config dot JS, which is down a bit. This one. Yep. Right there. Okay. So, um, let me pull out my. This is going to be a bit. Can I show you my screen? Yeah, sure. No, switch back over. Okay Okay. Can you make yours bigger too, please? Yes. Okay. I just saw it on the screen. Right. Thank you. Well, okay. So, um, the, you're going to do a couple of things. One, you're going to create a variable called with TM
Okay. Can you make yours bigger too, please? Yes. Okay. I just saw it on the screen. Right. Thank you. Well, okay. So, um, the, you're going to do a couple of things. One, you're going to create a variable called with TM Um, and it's going to be require, which is there's import and require, which do really, really similar things and they have some like, uh, small differences. Okay. You can import versus require typically requires like you don't the back end and import the future of the front end
Um, and it's going to be require, which is there's import and require, which do really, really similar things and they have some like, uh, small differences. Okay. You can import versus require typically requires like you don't the back end and import the future of the front end That's like not a good way to explain it, but that's typically where they're used. Um, because of the node JS environment versus the browser environment. Uh, and whether the browser can recognize require and whether it can recognize index JS
That's like not a good way to explain it, but that's typically where they're used. Um, because of the node JS environment versus the browser environment. Uh, and whether the browser can recognize require and whether it can recognize index JS Some newer browsers might be able to, uh, recognize that now. So that might not be true. But I think typically that's where I've seen require. Um, so you're going to put in there. You're going to put three things. You're going to put this next transpile modules
Some newer browsers might be able to, uh, recognize that now. So that might not be true. But I think typically that's where I've seen require. Um, so you're going to put in there. You're going to put three things. You're going to put this next transpile modules Remember we NPM installed that? Mm hmm. So what we want to do is in our code, we want to actually import that in. Oh, yeah. We did that with having to use express. Like we had to tell it to use express. Yep
Remember we NPM installed that? Mm hmm. So what we want to do is in our code, we want to actually import that in. Oh, yeah. We did that with having to use express. Like we had to tell it to use express. Yep Yep. And this next transpile modules just has to do with the way that next translates one version of JavaScript into another version of JavaScript
Yep. And this next transpile modules just has to do with the way that next translates one version of JavaScript into another version of JavaScript Like say, if a browser can only run ES5, which is the 2014 or 2015 version of JavaScript, um, it can, it can, uh, it can translate different versions of JavaScript. Um, in the next environment. So, um, and it can also translate, like say something's just a file in a folder
Like say, if a browser can only run ES5, which is the 2014 or 2015 version of JavaScript, um, it can, it can, uh, it can translate different versions of JavaScript. Um, in the next environment. So, um, and it can also translate, like say something's just a file in a folder It can actually translate it to actually be a full endpoint. Um, so it does a lot of that work for. So then also we want square web SDK. Okay. Here at square dash web SDK and then comma. So we want this in like require and then open
It can actually translate it to actually be a full endpoint. Um, so it does a lot of that work for. So then also we want square web SDK. Okay. Here at square dash web SDK and then comma. So we want this in like require and then open Uh, Perenn, not bracket open Perenn and then open quote next dash transpile dash modules. Okay. And then close quote and close Perenn. Um, all right. So can you do me a favor and it's not at the beginning of the line. Is it? This is line two. This is just a comment. Yeah. Okay. So it's const
Uh, Perenn, not bracket open Perenn and then open quote next dash transpile dash modules. Okay. And then close quote and close Perenn. Um, all right. So can you do me a favor and it's not at the beginning of the line. Is it? This is line two. This is just a comment. Yeah. Okay. So it's const So it's const. That's what I can see. So yeah. Yeah. This is just a constant. We're not going to be reassigning with TM to anything else so we can use const. Um, let me see here. Now, street here. Uh, okay. So here I just. Sent that line to you
So it's const. That's what I can see. So yeah. Yeah. This is just a constant. We're not going to be reassigning with TM to anything else so we can use const. Um, let me see here. Now, street here. Uh, okay. So here I just. Sent that line to you Now I should be looking at that, but now I'm just seeing if I can actually type it right. Oh, okay. You get the constant with TM. Yes. Okay. Well, go back to the very beginning. Let me just make sure with him. Okay. So that's what. Yeah. TM is capitalized. For. It's me. It's me
Now I should be looking at that, but now I'm just seeing if I can actually type it right. Oh, okay. You get the constant with TM. Yes. Okay. Well, go back to the very beginning. Let me just make sure with him. Okay. So that's what. Yeah. TM is capitalized. For. It's me. It's me It's me. It's me. The reason I want to do this is, um, just to ensure that I'm starting to remember all of the steps and not skipping over something because I'm not used to typing it. Like I've been really bad at commas. Commas of knob and my friends. Commas are very important. Yes
It's me. It's me. The reason I want to do this is, um, just to ensure that I'm starting to remember all of the steps and not skipping over something because I'm not used to typing it. Like I've been really bad at commas. Commas of knob and my friends. Commas are very important. Yes Yes. And JavaScript, like if you have an object, if they, if they doesn't see a comma, it's going to either freak out and yell at you. If you have like, um, you know, a linter. Uh, you know, the linter is. Yes. Yes
Yes. And JavaScript, like if you have an object, if they, if they doesn't see a comma, it's going to either freak out and yell at you. If you have like, um, you know, a linter. Uh, you know, the linter is. Yes. Yes Yes. Yes. So if you have a linter, the linter is going to scream at you or if you have some kind of build system that like use a linter to check, it will yell at you as well from your command line. Or, you know, your code will just break. You know, one word
Yes. Yes. So if you have a linter, the linter is going to scream at you or if you have some kind of build system that like use a linter to check, it will yell at you as well from your command line. Or, you know, your code will just break. You know, one word You know, one word. Um, can you scroll the rest of the way? Yes, I can. Which over here. Yeah. Okay. And close. Well, I think I'm close. I might have something a little different. Let's see. Require. Where am I getting that I have a, oh, that's where. Okay
You know, one word. Um, can you scroll the rest of the way? Yes, I can. Which over here. Yeah. Okay. And close. Well, I think I'm close. I might have something a little different. Let's see. Require. Where am I getting that I have a, oh, that's where. Okay Okay. I just realized we also didn't set to a square developer. Oh, yeah, we got to do that too, huh? Yes. All right. Let me, I will share my screen and get to that point. Yeah, these are things I had set up before. Um, yeah
Okay. I just realized we also didn't set to a square developer. Oh, yeah, we got to do that too, huh? Yes. All right. Let me, I will share my screen and get to that point. Yeah, these are things I had set up before. Um, yeah Um, yeah. Can you just tell your linter to fix it automatically? Oh, that's a really good question. Um, there are. So can I address this one? Yeah, for sure. Cause Anthony, this is Anthony. He's the one who helped me on the React app with, um, Versailles, Viet and Versailles
Um, yeah. Can you just tell your linter to fix it automatically? Oh, that's a really good question. Um, there are. So can I address this one? Yeah, for sure. Cause Anthony, this is Anthony. He's the one who helped me on the React app with, um, Versailles, Viet and Versailles So yes, to a certain extent, linteres, the linteres they're starting to make are getting really, really smart. And they have like, um, you know, if you're making an object and you start to make an object, it'll actually put the structure there for you. Uh, there's things like prettier
So yes, to a certain extent, linteres, the linteres they're starting to make are getting really, really smart. And they have like, um, you know, if you're making an object and you start to make an object, it'll actually put the structure there for you. Uh, there's things like prettier There's, there's certain, uh, code editing and, um, beautification tools that, um, we're actually help you write code to, it'll make it easier. It's not going to, well, actually, I don't know, some of the things that GitHub is creating, maybe it's going to replace us all together
There's, there's certain, uh, code editing and, um, beautification tools that, um, we're actually help you write code to, it'll make it easier. It's not going to, well, actually, I don't know, some of the things that GitHub is creating, maybe it's going to replace us all together We won't be coded. I don't know. Maybe, uh, Reselle can answer that. But yes, uh, to some extent, yes, your linter can fix things automatically, or it can tell you, uh, give you suggestions about how to fix what you just wrote
We won't be coded. I don't know. Maybe, uh, Reselle can answer that. But yes, uh, to some extent, yes, your linter can fix things automatically, or it can tell you, uh, give you suggestions about how to fix what you just wrote It's saying, you know, maybe saying, hey, yeah, comma's missing, or did you mean this? Like suggestions. His reply, uh, I said, he is a linter, but I don't, uh, my code is already beautiful. How dare you? That's funny. All right. So I got the account set up
It's saying, you know, maybe saying, hey, yeah, comma's missing, or did you mean this? Like suggestions. His reply, uh, I said, he is a linter, but I don't, uh, my code is already beautiful. How dare you? That's funny. All right. So I got the account set up I'm just making sure it's not going to make me like verify my accounts. Yeah. We, uh, are going to need a sandbox. We're going to need sandbox values. So go ahead and create an application. Yay. So do I name the application? Same as what I find named the files. Sure. Oh, sorry
I'm just making sure it's not going to make me like verify my accounts. Yeah. We, uh, are going to need a sandbox. We're going to need sandbox values. So go ahead and create an application. Yay. So do I name the application? Same as what I find named the files. Sure. Oh, sorry Sure. Oh, sorry. I don't want me because it's because of the car is dope. Of course you can name it that. Yeah. I need a pad on the back as much as I can get it these days. Anthony, you got to be back on the show because I've started like naming it after my guess
Sure. Oh, sorry. I don't want me because it's because of the car is dope. Of course you can name it that. Yeah. I need a pad on the back as much as I can get it these days. Anthony, you got to be back on the show because I've started like naming it after my guess And it makes it a lot easier to remember. And so Anthony, you have to come back on the show. Just saying, yes, especially if he writes beautiful code that doesn't need a linter. Yes. Yes. Back on the show. He should replace me right now
And it makes it a lot easier to remember. And so Anthony, you have to come back on the show. Just saying, yes, especially if he writes beautiful code that doesn't need a linter. Yes. Yes. Back on the show. He should replace me right now Well, no, because he, well, he, I want definitely want to back on the show when we get into web three. In fact, he was like one of the people that I first met and he was like, don't even pay attention to web three or any of that yet. Just, just, just no. Right. No, I'm not just calling it Tuesday
Well, no, because he, well, he, I want definitely want to back on the show when we get into web three. In fact, he was like one of the people that I first met and he was like, don't even pay attention to web three or any of that yet. Just, just, just no. Right. No, I'm not just calling it Tuesday No. It isn't improving. I didn't know what to do. It you are like my son. I'm just never. He's leveling up. All right. So I got my sandbox account. Okay. Sandbox test account. What does it say there on the screen about sandbox? That's what we want to use. Okay. Default test account open
No. It isn't improving. I didn't know what to do. It you are like my son. I'm just never. He's leveling up. All right. So I got my sandbox account. Okay. Sandbox test account. What does it say there on the screen about sandbox? That's what we want to use. Okay. Default test account open What is that ad? Add another sandbox account. I think what is that said sandbox seller account show you? Oh, it just says learn more. Okay. Let's click add. Account name. You can name it whatever you want. Okay. Well, I'm going to click create authorizations. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Uh-huh
What is that ad? Add another sandbox account. I think what is that said sandbox seller account show you? Oh, it just says learn more. Okay. Let's click add. Account name. You can name it whatever you want. Okay. Well, I'm going to click create authorizations. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Uh-huh Yes. Yeah. Uh-huh. We're going to need an authorization code. All right. So the reason now the reason why we're doing all of this is we don't want to put up real credit card in there. In real names and real addresses that have to be authenticated by square because there are serious company
Yes. Yeah. Uh-huh. We're going to need an authorization code. All right. So the reason now the reason why we're doing all of this is we don't want to put up real credit card in there. In real names and real addresses that have to be authenticated by square because there are serious company And you know, if you say this is a credit card and it's like the real version production written under the API, it's going to charge the credit card. Yeah. I don't want to do that. We don't want to do that. And we don't want to be putting that information up. You know, I'm just going to want to
And you know, if you say this is a credit card and it's like the real version production written under the API, it's going to charge the credit card. Yeah. I don't want to do that. We don't want to do that. And we don't want to be putting that information up. You know, I'm just going to want to Yeah. That is Anthony has taught me lots about not, you know, using Twitter because a lot of times it'll keep your DMs open or you calendar or anything. So I'm getting better at that stuff. So I like the call out. Yeah. So open square SDK learning
Yeah. That is Anthony has taught me lots about not, you know, using Twitter because a lot of times it'll keep your DMs open or you calendar or anything. So I'm getting better at that stuff. So I like the call out. Yeah. So open square SDK learning And so there are there's three values we're going to need. Ooh. Yeah. Something went wrong with your app arrangement. You can continue to use these apps as normal or refresh and try again. Let's do that. You try to refresh. Sure. Amateur. Amateur. Amateur. All right, let's go to. Let's go to home
And so there are there's three values we're going to need. Ooh. Yeah. Something went wrong with your app arrangement. You can continue to use these apps as normal or refresh and try again. Let's do that. You try to refresh. Sure. Amateur. Amateur. Amateur. All right, let's go to. Let's go to home Let's go to home. Well, I think that's home. OK. And then it was go to account and settings. There's nothing there. All right. And let's go back to that. The hamburger. I would have. Yeah, the hamburger menu. There we go. Let's go to payments. Down there. Payments
Let's go to home. Well, I think that's home. OK. And then it was go to account and settings. There's nothing there. All right. And let's go back to that. The hamburger. I would have. Yeah, the hamburger menu. There we go. Let's go to payments. Down there. Payments Payments. Employees virtual terminal subscriptions. Somewhere there is. Oh, you know what? I can do it on my screen on my account. What are we looking for? We're looking for the place where the authorization token. Is
Payments. Employees virtual terminal subscriptions. Somewhere there is. Oh, you know what? I can do it on my screen on my account. What are we looking for? We're looking for the place where the authorization token. Is Is. And the there's also an app ID and a location ID that should have been generated for you. And the. Where do I look for dashboard? Do you have a sign in? App integrations. Maybe. Try that. I think it's. I think it's. I think it's. Actually, you know what? There's a dashboard. You see here
Is. And the there's also an app ID and a location ID that should have been generated for you. And the. Where do I look for dashboard? Do you have a sign in? App integrations. Maybe. Try that. I think it's. I think it's. I think it's. Actually, you know what? There's a dashboard. You see here You see here. I'm going to. I'm going to sign into mine. Now I'm just honestly clicking through everything to see if I can find it. I'm just going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. Because. As again, like, Ramon and Anthony and so many keeps telling me. To. Actually do like read the documentation
You see here. I'm going to. I'm going to sign into mine. Now I'm just honestly clicking through everything to see if I can find it. I'm just going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. Because. As again, like, Ramon and Anthony and so many keeps telling me. To. Actually do like read the documentation I'm like, no, I just want to click through it. I want to find it myself. Where I take like half the time to do that. And Anthony just said. This is a good way for me to learn getting an API key, trying to navigate docs is like half of what you do with services like this. I'm going to. I'm going to
I'm like, no, I just want to click through it. I want to find it myself. Where I take like half the time to do that. And Anthony just said. This is a good way for me to learn getting an API key, trying to navigate docs is like half of what you do with services like this. I'm going to. I'm going to I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I will say. I do want to say that. I have set up API keys with. Zapier and Monday. Calm. And I got really. Yeah. It's a very silly one, but I was very excited. We go on. Get it. So. I just sent you a URL. That should help. Speed up
I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I will say. I do want to say that. I have set up API keys with. Zapier and Monday. Calm. And I got really. Yeah. It's a very silly one, but I was very excited. We go on. Get it. So. I just sent you a URL. That should help. Speed up Speed up. I put it in the private chat. So. This. It's going to ask you for your login likely. Whoa. It's not found. That's not good. Mm. Developer dashboard. We were just there. Let's open your application. This one. The one up above. Yeah. The one you created. There we go
Speed up. I put it in the private chat. So. This. It's going to ask you for your login likely. Whoa. It's not found. That's not good. Mm. Developer dashboard. We were just there. Let's open your application. This one. The one up above. Yeah. The one you created. There we go There we go. I think that's what we need right there. Car is dope. And if you scroll down. Yay. Application ID. You're going to need that in that in your in our app. And then the access token we're going to need. And then there's also a location ID. So. Yeah. But if you
There we go. I think that's what we need right there. Car is dope. And if you scroll down. Yay. Application ID. You're going to need that in that in your in our app. And then the access token we're going to need. And then there's also a location ID. So. Yeah. But if you Yeah. But if you. You on the on the left hand side. Yeah, you see where it says locations. Yeah. So. You're looking. You see that location ID. So let's have you copy those three. Those three values. Like you can put it on the notepad or however you. Organize your information. A lot of times
Yeah. But if you. You on the on the left hand side. Yeah, you see where it says locations. Yeah. So. You're looking. You see that location ID. So let's have you copy those three. Those three values. Like you can put it on the notepad or however you. Organize your information. A lot of times A lot of times. And I don't know if this is the best practice. So I think that I'm going to be using them somewhere in a document. I like to put them up like. At the top. So that way I can refine them again. I mean, I could actually start using a notepad. Yes
A lot of times. And I don't know if this is the best practice. So I think that I'm going to be using them somewhere in a document. I like to put them up like. At the top. So that way I can refine them again. I mean, I could actually start using a notepad. Yes Yes. And just just a note here for security purposes. Your things like your location ID and your. Things like this. Right. Like your. Off the authentication token. Those aren't things that you want to leave in your code base. Got it. Even if you're like on a live stream
Yes. And just just a note here for security purposes. Your things like your location ID and your. Things like this. Right. Like your. Off the authentication token. Those aren't things that you want to leave in your code base. Got it. Even if you're like on a live stream That's typically not a good practice to. You know, display those things or to you know, those are the things you want to keep. Kind of hidden. I understand this is a sand. These are sandbox values. And this is like. For the purpose of learning. But I'm just saying if this. Yeah. I guess that
That's typically not a good practice to. You know, display those things or to you know, those are the things you want to keep. Kind of hidden. I understand this is a sand. These are sandbox values. And this is like. For the purpose of learning. But I'm just saying if this. Yeah. I guess that Yeah. I guess that. And I've known that in the past, but I'm just curious. Like what could someone do with the location or an API key. If they don't. Anthony said we can cover it. We're getting a result says, yeah, it's bad. You would get in trouble. You put those in a config file
Yeah. I guess that. And I've known that in the past, but I'm just curious. Like what could someone do with the location or an API key. If they don't. Anthony said we can cover it. We're getting a result says, yeah, it's bad. You would get in trouble. You put those in a config file And then you then use get ignore. Oh, it's not very hard to set up. But once you. Once you do it once. Yeah. Oh, if we set up. Dot. And be. And yeah. I don't know what that is, but cool. In environment
And then you then use get ignore. Oh, it's not very hard to set up. But once you. Once you do it once. Yeah. Oh, if we set up. Dot. And be. And yeah. I don't know what that is, but cool. In environment In environment. Yes, they're talking about environment variables, which actually one of those is going to be an environment variable. What's going to be the value for an environment variable. Yeah. And that's what we're going to do. And that's what we're going to do. Which actually is on this page
In environment. Yes, they're talking about environment variables, which actually one of those is going to be an environment variable. What's going to be the value for an environment variable. Yeah. And that's what we're going to do. And that's what we're going to do. Which actually is on this page Sweet. We needed the values first. Let me. Get my actual. No pad, which I'm just going to move over. Oh, it was my cover letter to someone. For a job. There you go. Exciting news for a hot minute that anybody wanted to take screenshots. And I'm going to. So you got that first line, right? Yep
Sweet. We needed the values first. Let me. Get my actual. No pad, which I'm just going to move over. Oh, it was my cover letter to someone. For a job. There you go. Exciting news for a hot minute that anybody wanted to take screenshots. And I'm going to. So you got that first line, right? Yep And I am getting the other one from my credentials. Yes. And you can see that square really takes the access to open seriously, because they don't even show it to you. Yeah. Yeah. And you. I think you can just copy it and paste it somewhere. Just in case I. I moved it off the screen
And I am getting the other one from my credentials. Yes. And you can see that square really takes the access to open seriously, because they don't even show it to you. Yeah. Yeah. And you. I think you can just copy it and paste it somewhere. Just in case I. I moved it off the screen Get in the good habit. All right. Cool. So I got all of that. Set up. So for now, we are going to. Continue with the config file. And. Can you show my screen, please? For sure. A show. Yay. All right. So the next thing we're going to do is now I look, I have this little note
Get in the good habit. All right. Cool. So I got all of that. Set up. So for now, we are going to. Continue with the config file. And. Can you show my screen, please? For sure. A show. Yay. All right. So the next thing we're going to do is now I look, I have this little note It's like what I was just saying. I just didn't follow my own advice. I put it in a config file, but I didn't get ignore it. So. Please don't shoot the messenger. But, um, you know, you're going to do module dot exports. And then. And then equals with TM and then open. Parents and open curly brace
It's like what I was just saying. I just didn't follow my own advice. I put it in a config file, but I didn't get ignore it. So. Please don't shoot the messenger. But, um, you know, you're going to do module dot exports. And then. And then equals with TM and then open. Parents and open curly brace You're essentially going to create an object inside of with TM. And you're going to wrap that object with the with TM. Okay. I feel like I'm going to. Um, need to. I'm going to clean up my coat a little bit, but I want to make sure. To have you look at it before I delete anything
You're essentially going to create an object inside of with TM. And you're going to wrap that object with the with TM. Okay. I feel like I'm going to. Um, need to. I'm going to clean up my coat a little bit, but I want to make sure. To have you look at it before I delete anything So I will do that in a moment. Okay. And notice this dot, this ENV. This is your environment variable. Someone was just talking about ENVs. This is a way that you can create an environment variable in next. And then again, if you are committing this to say, uh, uh, get hub repo
So I will do that in a moment. Okay. And notice this dot, this ENV. This is your environment variable. Someone was just talking about ENVs. This is a way that you can create an environment variable in next. And then again, if you are committing this to say, uh, uh, get hub repo Get up, get up, get up, get up. Um, you would want to like get ignore this. You don't want to include that in what you're committing. You want to keep that locally. And this is how you get the token to be read. Right? Yes. Without this, you cannot access the square API
Get up, get up, get up, get up. Um, you would want to like get ignore this. You don't want to include that in what you're committing. You want to keep that locally. And this is how you get the token to be read. Right? Yes. Without this, you cannot access the square API They won't let you make calls and give responses. I mean, you can make a call that you won't get a, you won't get a response. Got it. Um, getting there. Promise. Oh, no, I guess the only. The acceptance of what I just said. Sometimes APIs have like read only
They won't let you make calls and give responses. I mean, you can make a call that you won't get a, you won't get a response. Got it. Um, getting there. Promise. Oh, no, I guess the only. The acceptance of what I just said. Sometimes APIs have like read only Um, they have like read only importance that you don't need any security or authentication. Because you're just reading information and it's like publicly available information. Um, so or information they don't need needing to be behind a security. A security wall. Um, yes
Um, they have like read only importance that you don't need any security or authentication. Because you're just reading information and it's like publicly available information. Um, so or information they don't need needing to be behind a security. A security wall. Um, yes Um, yes. I just realized you're using next. You're going to learn a lot of react frameworks on. On the show. Yeah, probably. Yes. Yes, probably. I will say. So since last time I had someone on the show, I had the Denver API meetup
Um, yes. I just realized you're using next. You're going to learn a lot of react frameworks on. On the show. Yeah, probably. Yes. Yes, probably. I will say. So since last time I had someone on the show, I had the Denver API meetup And I was really excited because one of the questions from the guest was, what is something that web developers don't build themselves. Like when they're, you know, using stuff. I was like frameworks. Frameworks. They do not build their own frameworks. Yeah
And I was really excited because one of the questions from the guest was, what is something that web developers don't build themselves. Like when they're, you know, using stuff. I was like frameworks. Frameworks. They do not build their own frameworks. Yeah Yeah. They were telling him when a lot of these frameworks didn't exist, though. And, you know, you would like code things. Well, we would use J query. But there was a time there wasn't any J query
Yeah. They were telling him when a lot of these frameworks didn't exist, though. And, you know, you would like code things. Well, we would use J query. But there was a time there wasn't any J query That's like before my time, but it was like there was a time when people like coded on the web without. J query, which. I don't know how they did that. Like I would go crazy. Redwoods is the best of course. I'm guessing we're not talking about actual. You know, trees. That's that's a framework
That's like before my time, but it was like there was a time when people like coded on the web without. J query, which. I don't know how they did that. Like I would go crazy. Redwoods is the best of course. I'm guessing we're not talking about actual. You know, trees. That's that's a framework I haven't heard of it. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Dude, how many frameworks are there out there? Like no wonder this is so complicated. We never ask. Like, especially when somebody's just like getting into it and they're like, hey, I want to learn
I haven't heard of it. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Dude, how many frameworks are there out there? Like no wonder this is so complicated. We never ask. Like, especially when somebody's just like getting into it and they're like, hey, I want to learn Like, you know, about this stuff. And I like, there's so much to learn, especially if you don't want to know, like, don't know what you want to learn yet. Okay. I think. This is why we were having a conversation about this offline
Like, you know, about this stuff. And I like, there's so much to learn, especially if you don't want to know, like, don't know what you want to learn yet. Okay. I think. This is why we were having a conversation about this offline But this is why I was talking about it's really a good learning strategy is to take something. Like for instance, building a react with a react with node or building a next step, right? Learning that vertical all the way and learning it thoroughly and then being able to
But this is why I was talking about it's really a good learning strategy is to take something. Like for instance, building a react with a react with node or building a next step, right? Learning that vertical all the way and learning it thoroughly and then being able to Transfer that knowledge to something else. So pick places like free code camp or, you know, some people going to go to boot camp. I actually did the crazy route and I did a CS degree and then I did a boot camp. And then I got my own. Anthony went to a boot camp, I believe. Pretty sure
Transfer that knowledge to something else. So pick places like free code camp or, you know, some people going to go to boot camp. I actually did the crazy route and I did a CS degree and then I did a boot camp. And then I got my own. Anthony went to a boot camp, I believe. Pretty sure Pretty sure. There's five that are important react frameworks. Next redwood remix, Gatsby and Blitz. Is Gatsby what WordPress uses? What is the one wordpress uses? I think WordPress may use Gatsby. I think it's Gatsby that WordPress uses
Pretty sure. There's five that are important react frameworks. Next redwood remix, Gatsby and Blitz. Is Gatsby what WordPress uses? What is the one wordpress uses? I think WordPress may use Gatsby. I think it's Gatsby that WordPress uses And I that's something I really want to learn because I think that's something that I'm really confused about still is like. There's WordPress and you need to know stuff to be able to build like your site yet how is WordPress made as well
And I that's something I really want to learn because I think that's something that I'm really confused about still is like. There's WordPress and you need to know stuff to be able to build like your site yet how is WordPress made as well So I know that I have somebody coming on the show to talk about Kafka. And that kind of stuff and I'm like, maybe this will start teaching me the, you know, behind the scenes. But the part that I was going to ask you about if I still needed it here was line five through ten
So I know that I have somebody coming on the show to talk about Kafka. And that kind of stuff and I'm like, maybe this will start teaching me the, you know, behind the scenes. But the part that I was going to ask you about if I still needed it here was line five through ten Oh, no, I don't see it on your file. I took that out and replaced it with. I didn't think so, especially since we start, we made another model exports. What's that red? I think it had to go with the other one maybe. Hey, you're there
Oh, no, I don't see it on your file. I took that out and replaced it with. I didn't think so, especially since we start, we made another model exports. What's that red? I think it had to go with the other one maybe. Hey, you're there Hey, you're there. So why are you red? You have an open brand and then open curly brace. Yeah. Anthony, we're doing our, I'm, I'm hosting my first Twitter, Twitter space about mental health and neurodivergency. And it's at nine, eight, nine a.m. Pacific 12 p.m. Yeah, and I will be there. Yes. Okay
Hey, you're there. So why are you red? You have an open brand and then open curly brace. Yeah. Anthony, we're doing our, I'm, I'm hosting my first Twitter, Twitter space about mental health and neurodivergency. And it's at nine, eight, nine a.m. Pacific 12 p.m. Yeah, and I will be there. Yes. Okay Yes. Okay. Let me see. So this one. You're praying to you, you can hang out. Okay. Where I don't know where this close other closing one is. It's supposed to be. Yeah, it's true. Because it's. Oh, is there supposed to be one right here? Is that aero? There should be. Oh, yeah. Yes. Yes, it goes
Yes. Okay. Let me see. So this one. You're praying to you, you can hang out. Okay. Where I don't know where this close other closing one is. It's supposed to be. Yeah, it's true. Because it's. Oh, is there supposed to be one right here? Is that aero? There should be. Oh, yeah. Yes. Yes, it goes Yes. Yes, it goes. But yes, it typically goes on the next line. Um, I have one on the next line, but that's closing this one. Yeah, so would I not have one here? No, no, no, no, if you go to, um, loose at the end of loose. Yes. You go inside of that curly brace. Yes. And you just hit in there
Yes. Yes, it goes. But yes, it typically goes on the next line. Um, I have one on the next line, but that's closing this one. Yeah, so would I not have one here? No, no, no, no, if you go to, um, loose at the end of loose. Yes. You go inside of that curly brace. Yes. And you just hit in there Oh, so automatically indent actually didn't automatically indent be, uh, just. What is your indentation? In V, so that should be in. Let's, let's clean up some of your code. Please. Typically, I do like four spaces and there's actually, um, extensions. You can install that
Oh, so automatically indent actually didn't automatically indent be, uh, just. What is your indentation? In V, so that should be in. Let's, let's clean up some of your code. Please. Typically, I do like four spaces and there's actually, um, extensions. You can install that We'll do this automatically for you. It's not a lender to, uh, guess the step before a lender. But if you go to ENV. Okay. You want to indent that four spaces. Four. Uh, you want to, well, you can do one tab or four spaces. Oh, okay. Typically your tab is four spaces, I think by default. Yeah
We'll do this automatically for you. It's not a lender to, uh, guess the step before a lender. But if you go to ENV. Okay. You want to indent that four spaces. Four. Uh, you want to, well, you can do one tab or four spaces. Oh, okay. Typically your tab is four spaces, I think by default. Yeah Yeah. Um, and then again, square access token, you want to indent that. One or two. Once one tab. So that's kind of the, or one four spaces. So that's kind of the rule, um, is when you have an opening curly brace on the next line
Yeah. Um, and then again, square access token, you want to indent that. One or two. Once one tab. So that's kind of the, or one four spaces. So that's kind of the rule, um, is when you have an opening curly brace on the next line Whether it's a function, whether it's an object, the next line should. Uh, uh, be convinced. Um, really quick
Whether it's a function, whether it's an object, the next line should. Uh, uh, be convinced. Um, really quick Um, really quick. I just want to say, like, I appreciate that we're starting to have these conversations because, uh, Dan was talking about neuro diverse, uh, refers to a group, neuro divergent repers to an individual
Um, really quick. I just want to say, like, I appreciate that we're starting to have these conversations because, uh, Dan was talking about neuro diverse, uh, refers to a group, neuro divergent repers to an individual And I just think that's really cool that we're starting to have these conversations. So I'm excited about talking about it tomorrow. Yep. I'm a little bit scared because I haven't like in a public. In a public like setting. Talk about it. My challenges with that. So
And I just think that's really cool that we're starting to have these conversations. So I'm excited about talking about it tomorrow. Yep. I'm a little bit scared because I haven't like in a public. In a public like setting. Talk about it. My challenges with that. So So. I think it's, I like worst case. If you don't want to talk, you can ask the rest of us a bunch of questions. Or I'm pretty sure most people have learned that I just can talk a lot. So worst case, I'll just like ramble. But I think that it's. I don't know
So. I think it's, I like worst case. If you don't want to talk, you can ask the rest of us a bunch of questions. Or I'm pretty sure most people have learned that I just can talk a lot. So worst case, I'll just like ramble. But I think that it's. I don't know I don't know. I think it's going to be really, really interesting to learn about like who we have joined and talk about it because I've learned a lot from Wesley Faulkner. He's not going to be available tomorrow. He'll be on another one and
I don't know. I think it's going to be really, really interesting to learn about like who we have joined and talk about it because I've learned a lot from Wesley Faulkner. He's not going to be available tomorrow. He'll be on another one and He has just taught me so much of like also believing that I can. I'm not going to be able to do this because being dyslexic and a coder. I've always been so afraid to do it. Oh, yeah. You don't stick has bipolar Twitter on your eyes. I don't blame you
He has just taught me so much of like also believing that I can. I'm not going to be able to do this because being dyslexic and a coder. I've always been so afraid to do it. Oh, yeah. You don't stick has bipolar Twitter on your eyes. I don't blame you I don't blame you. But most people can look at my like podcast and it says all the shit I have. So. I kind of just roll with it. But okay. So is this curly brackets supposed to be here up here? Yes. Okay. So that's that curly bracket. It's strange syntax. But yeah. It's
I don't blame you. But most people can look at my like podcast and it says all the shit I have. So. I kind of just roll with it. But okay. So is this curly brackets supposed to be here up here? Yes. Okay. So that's that curly bracket. It's strange syntax. But yeah. It's But yeah. It's. And then that doesn't have a curly bracket. This one has a curly bracket. Square access token still needs to be invented. Um. So this or one more right back right there. There you go. And square access token. You see where the. This square access token access token colon
But yeah. It's. And then that doesn't have a curly bracket. This one has a curly bracket. Square access token still needs to be invented. Um. So this or one more right back right there. There you go. And square access token. You see where the. This square access token access token colon There should be a space right after that. Oh, I think there is. It's just nice. Just space there. Really? Yeah. Okay. Right. That's where my cursor is. Yeah. There's a space there. Can you go over one? Yeah. So there needs to be. Yeah. Okay. Two spaces. Cool. All right. And then. So the react mode
There should be a space right after that. Oh, I think there is. It's just nice. Just space there. Really? Yeah. Okay. Right. That's where my cursor is. Yeah. There's a space there. Can you go over one? Yeah. So there needs to be. Yeah. Okay. Two spaces. Cool. All right. And then. So the react mode So the react mode. That one doesn't have a curly bracket. But. But since it's part of this top curly bracket, I would do a tab. Actually, no, it's right after a. And then the next thing is. And then the next thing is the next thing. This is the next thing. The next thing. The next thing
So the react mode. That one doesn't have a curly bracket. But. But since it's part of this top curly bracket, I would do a tab. Actually, no, it's right after a. And then the next thing is. And then the next thing is the next thing. This is the next thing. The next thing. The next thing The next thing. The next thing. The next thing. So that's fine. And then the experimental. Yes. Yes. Yes. External is already indented. And then that curly bracket. You want to indent. This curly bracket is. Yeah. And then with this curly bracket being done to them. Like that
The next thing. The next thing. The next thing. So that's fine. And then the experimental. Yes. Yes. Yes. External is already indented. And then that curly bracket. You want to indent. This curly bracket is. Yeah. And then with this curly bracket being done to them. Like that Like that. Which one? This line eight. Um, no. Okay. So. Oh, I forgot a comma. Is there a comma at the end one? No. No. No. Yes, external. Yeah. So yeah, I think that's pretty good. So you can go hit command S or control S. I'm assuming you're on a Mac. Yes. And. You can, you can choose. I know
Like that. Which one? This line eight. Um, no. Okay. So. Oh, I forgot a comma. Is there a comma at the end one? No. No. No. Yes, external. Yeah. So yeah, I think that's pretty good. So you can go hit command S or control S. I'm assuming you're on a Mac. Yes. And. You can, you can choose. I know I know. Have a band or anytime and chocolate of performs. Well, yeah.hte. Any Person. Well. Cafe. What? culinary. What are you trying to put them? We have some money. What's up. I guess. That buyer. He had a, Would you like to implement, and, which he took legal money for
I know. Have a band or anytime and chocolate of performs. Well, yeah.hte. Any Person. Well. Cafe. What? culinary. What are you trying to put them? We have some money. What's up. I guess. That buyer. He had a, Would you like to implement, and, which he took legal money for And move to boot, just recommended reading the access token in a form, a dot in B dot local file when using next JS. Yes. And Dan, you know, we haven't talked about using square versus. Yes. So actually mode, who is he worked for square. Oh, yay. He is the man
And move to boot, just recommended reading the access token in a form, a dot in B dot local file when using next JS. Yes. And Dan, you know, we haven't talked about using square versus. Yes. So actually mode, who is he worked for square. Oh, yay. He is the man He is the man. Well, thank you for joining teach genteck. I am a total new about this stuff. So I appreciate. Look, are you coming on and teaching me all the things. As you said, he was helping me clean up my code. So yeah. All right. Cool. And then. Yes, he's right. Is it because
He is the man. Well, thank you for joining teach genteck. I am a total new about this stuff. So I appreciate. Look, are you coming on and teaching me all the things. As you said, he was helping me clean up my code. So yeah. All right. Cool. And then. Yes, he's right. Is it because Is it because. We should we should have a local environmental environment local file. Right. Sometimes I like to think that it's going to be my fun to find you that. All right. Well, it is saved. We'll see if that presents a problem later. OK
Is it because. We should we should have a local environmental environment local file. Right. Sometimes I like to think that it's going to be my fun to find you that. All right. Well, it is saved. We'll see if that presents a problem later. OK OK. I mean, it doesn't look like it should because I don't know why. I mean, the other thing we can do is look at the end of the line before it. Persing error. For. Babble. That'd be curious about the straight versus square discussing as well. We're going to start a holy war here
OK. I mean, it doesn't look like it should because I don't know why. I mean, the other thing we can do is look at the end of the line before it. Persing error. For. Babble. That'd be curious about the straight versus square discussing as well. We're going to start a holy war here And for this one, new wood, like you want to come on and help us talk about this because we can put this on pause and totally change it because I am. So much knowledge drop in. So again. OK. Let's look at the end of your your with TM. Okay. You scroll over. Make sure that
And for this one, new wood, like you want to come on and help us talk about this because we can put this on pause and totally change it because I am. So much knowledge drop in. So again. OK. Let's look at the end of your your with TM. Okay. You scroll over. Make sure that Make sure that. So it's saying that I have an extra look. That's why. There you go. Damn. Let's see. I'm going to put this on screen. You can create a file named dot emv dot local then create a variable in there called square underscore access underscore token and copy that string over
Make sure that. So it's saying that I have an extra look. That's why. There you go. Damn. Let's see. I'm going to put this on screen. You can create a file named dot emv dot local then create a variable in there called square underscore access underscore token and copy that string over And then you can call the process. And to read the access token in. Yeah. So we were going to do the second half of what he said. Which is, you know, doing process study in V. But yeah, he's right. You can we can just create a local file. So when I create a local file, new pair
And then you can call the process. And to read the access token in. Yeah. So we were going to do the second half of what he said. Which is, you know, doing process study in V. But yeah, he's right. You can we can just create a local file. So when I create a local file, new pair And then our folder for a local file. Yeah, you can just create it. At the top. Env dot local. And then take that square access token. What we put in the config file. Where did my config. Okay. There we go. Here it is. So take all of this. Nope. Just the square access token. Okay
And then our folder for a local file. Yeah, you can just create it. At the top. Env dot local. And then take that square access token. What we put in the config file. Where did my config. Okay. There we go. Here it is. So take all of this. Nope. Just the square access token. Okay Okay. Do I take the in V to your just the square access. Where access token and equals. Yeah. That. And then we're going to copy that. And then go to my in V file. And then. Just call it. Save it. And then you can just call process that even be. So does that mean. We haven't gotten to that yet
Okay. Do I take the in V to your just the square access. Where access token and equals. Yeah. That. And then we're going to copy that. And then go to my in V file. And then. Just call it. Save it. And then you can just call process that even be. So does that mean. We haven't gotten to that yet Okay. But later on, we are going to call that access token. So we should be able to take out the in V. Now. And then we are going to do the inside. And then add a. And then we are going to put in the. And then we're going to add. Again, what we're going to do. I don't know. Yeah
Okay. But later on, we are going to call that access token. So we should be able to take out the in V. Now. And then we are going to do the inside. And then add a. And then we are going to put in the. And then we're going to add. Again, what we're going to do. I don't know. Yeah I don't know. Yeah. Change that to and remove the. Close. Ready for the next part. Yeah, I'm also was just reading. Why don't we just add to you? Oh, I can see it. green. She used that dot to an equal and remove the quotes in the space in there. Ah, that's right
I don't know. Yeah. Change that to and remove the. Close. Ready for the next part. Yeah, I'm also was just reading. Why don't we just add to you? Oh, I can see it. green. She used that dot to an equal and remove the quotes in the space in there. Ah, that's right Ah, that's right. Equal and remove the votes in space. Would it be like this then? Typically you want to have a space after an equals. No spaces. Oh, okay. Is it because this isn't a const? Like, yeah. Yeah. Because it's not. It's not a JavaScript file. Oh, okay. It's just a JavaScript file
Ah, that's right. Equal and remove the votes in space. Would it be like this then? Typically you want to have a space after an equals. No spaces. Oh, okay. Is it because this isn't a const? Like, yeah. Yeah. Because it's not. It's not a JavaScript file. Oh, okay. It's just a JavaScript file It's just a. Okay. Well, then, okay. With everybody here. I'm gonna caution y'all. So like, we have the const with Kim. And I've seen it with a lot of them. Like, even with like express and stuff like that. Their space is around it
It's just a. Okay. Well, then, okay. With everybody here. I'm gonna caution y'all. So like, we have the const with Kim. And I've seen it with a lot of them. Like, even with like express and stuff like that. Their space is around it So do you not do spaces around the equals on this kind of stuff? Or do you do it with spaces? So if you're in typically, if you're in like a JavaScript file, I've always had spaces. Just it just looks too crowded to me. Yeah, we'll do it. You do agree in JavaScript files, keep the spaces
So do you not do spaces around the equals on this kind of stuff? Or do you do it with spaces? So if you're in typically, if you're in like a JavaScript file, I've always had spaces. Just it just looks too crowded to me. Yeah, we'll do it. You do agree in JavaScript files, keep the spaces But in that environment, that environment local file, particularly, you don't want that spaces. I'll get it. I believe it will be a parsing thing. Because that file has to be parsed. Does that mean like, there's this parsing error? Do we need to be concerned about this? Not on this battle
But in that environment, that environment local file, particularly, you don't want that spaces. I'll get it. I believe it will be a parsing thing. Because that file has to be parsed. Does that mean like, there's this parsing error? Do we need to be concerned about this? Not on this battle That's, I think that should be fine. And thank you, MootLoop. That makes sense. Why? That no spaces there. Okay, cool. I'm ready for the next step. And if this parsing thing is an issue, we can come back to it. We can come back, right? It shouldn't be. I mean. Okay. So you want to show my screen
That's, I think that should be fine. And thank you, MootLoop. That makes sense. Why? That no spaces there. Okay, cool. I'm ready for the next step. And if this parsing thing is an issue, we can come back to it. We can come back, right? It shouldn't be. I mean. Okay. So you want to show my screen The next thing we're going to build is we're going to build the payment form. And we're going to first, actually, before we do that, we're going to import three things from React where payments SDK, web payments SDK. Here, I'll just, I'll just send this to you
The next thing we're going to build is we're going to build the payment form. And we're going to first, actually, before we do that, we're going to import three things from React where payments SDK, web payments SDK. Here, I'll just, I'll just send this to you And so those are three different payment types. The payment form encapsulates or wraps the credit card and ACH type. The payment form also has some important logic in there. And some of those values that we got from our sandbox, those go inside the payment form
And so those are three different payment types. The payment form encapsulates or wraps the credit card and ACH type. The payment form also has some important logic in there. And some of those values that we got from our sandbox, those go inside the payment form So essentially, if you can think of like an actual form, you'd fill out, right? Okay. So there's certain information that the square API needs, right? From in that form. And some of the pieces of information are on my screen here
So essentially, if you can think of like an actual form, you'd fill out, right? Okay. So there's certain information that the square API needs, right? From in that form. And some of the pieces of information are on my screen here Of course, there's the actual payment form component, but there's this application ID. There's also the location ID down here. Okay. And everything that's currently in the index.js file, we don't really need because we're redoing everything in there, right? Yes, exactly
Of course, there's the actual payment form component, but there's this application ID. There's also the location ID down here. Okay. And everything that's currently in the index.js file, we don't really need because we're redoing everything in there, right? Yes, exactly Because with all of that, it was giving me an error for my import. Where import? Can you show your screen? Yes. Do do do do. It was already okay. Could you please go away? Let's start. It was already showing this where it's like all grayed out. That's why I wanted to delete it
Because with all of that, it was giving me an error for my import. Where import? Can you show your screen? Yes. Do do do do. It was already okay. Could you please go away? Let's start. It was already showing this where it's like all grayed out. That's why I wanted to delete it So I just clicked in and all this information came up. Okay. Welcome. Where did all that come from? Welcome to. Oh, create next step. Ah, I see. Your index.js already had some. I just deleted it. So if I
So I just clicked in and all this information came up. Okay. Welcome. Where did all that come from? Welcome to. Oh, create next step. Ah, I see. Your index.js already had some. I just deleted it. So if I So if I. Yeah, you know, you know, I mean, you could you could leave one there like there was a like a footer or a nice footer, you know, they buy for sale. But actually, can you put it back? Put that back to delete name the dog. Yeah, the next stuff. And let's let's. Yes, keep importing
So if I. Yeah, you know, you know, I mean, you could you could leave one there like there was a like a footer or a nice footer, you know, they buy for sale. But actually, can you put it back? Put that back to delete name the dog. Yeah, the next stuff. And let's let's. Yes, keep importing But let's let's actually try something. Go ahead and save that. Okay. What we're going to do is actually we're going to run from your command line. We're actually going to run the development server. So in order to do that, we are going to say npm run dev. And it should be running
But let's let's actually try something. Go ahead and save that. Okay. What we're going to do is actually we're going to run from your command line. We're actually going to run the development server. So in order to do that, we are going to say npm run dev. And it should be running It should be able to be accessed from local host 3000 unless there is an error to success. Yes. Missing script dev. Oh, this happened to me before. In one day. Hit npm run. Okay. Let's try npm run dev again. Go ahead. Let's go to your package JSON. And make sure that. Oh, look at that
It should be able to be accessed from local host 3000 unless there is an error to success. Yes. Missing script dev. Oh, this happened to me before. In one day. Hit npm run. Okay. Let's try npm run dev again. Go ahead. Let's go to your package JSON. And make sure that. Oh, look at that Oh, look at that. You both said the same thing. I did it. Um, said what? Moot. It's just said you can check your package. Shot JSON for runnable scripts available. See where twins. How do I do that? Is that. Or go to your. Yeah, just go to your. Oh, it's right here. Got it
Oh, look at that. You both said the same thing. I did it. Um, said what? Moot. It's just said you can check your package. Shot JSON for runnable scripts available. See where twins. How do I do that? Is that. Or go to your. Yeah, just go to your. Oh, it's right here. Got it Got it. There's a whole bunch of them. On next is like one. There's like one at each. Almost each level. But yeah. The. Scripts is dev next dev. Next start. And then Anthony is suggesting npm start. Thing is. Oh, interesting. Let's try running npm install. Could we just. We just ran that
Got it. There's a whole bunch of them. On next is like one. There's like one at each. Almost each level. But yeah. The. Scripts is dev next dev. Next start. And then Anthony is suggesting npm start. Thing is. Oh, interesting. Let's try running npm install. Could we just. We just ran that We just ran that. But let's try that npm install. Anything after it. No. Oh, so I need to go. Okay, hold on. I see what you guys are talking about. Oh, you're in the outer folder. I don't. I don't remember not being into that one. So. When we did. Create next app
We just ran that. But let's try that npm install. Anything after it. No. Oh, so I need to go. Okay, hold on. I see what you guys are talking about. Oh, you're in the outer folder. I don't. I don't remember not being into that one. So. When we did. Create next app Create next app. It actually created a whole bunch of. Folders and folders within folders. And then we did. And then we did. And then we did. And then we did. And then we did. So before. You can see the whole. In folders within folders. And in order to run this next. With this next. Project
Create next app. It actually created a whole bunch of. Folders and folders within folders. And then we did. And then we did. And then we did. And then we did. And then we did. So before. You can see the whole. In folders within folders. And in order to run this next. With this next. Project Project. With that command, you have to be in the, you know. Inside that project. And you we're a level above that project. Okay. And then Anthony is suggesting that I need to reinstall the dependencies. just NPM install. Straight node models. And then React square. So actually, Luke just said it
Project. With that command, you have to be in the, you know. Inside that project. And you we're a level above that project. Okay. And then Anthony is suggesting that I need to reinstall the dependencies. just NPM install. Straight node models. And then React square. So actually, Luke just said it The React square web payments SDK. Hey. All right. Now. We did you get you got looks like you got some kind of an error. Can't well, it was saying the web payment package dot JSON and then we just reinstalled that. So if I redo this one, I'm still getting an error for the next dot config dot JS
The React square web payments SDK. Hey. All right. Now. We did you get you got looks like you got some kind of an error. Can't well, it was saying the web payment package dot JSON and then we just reinstalled that. So if I redo this one, I'm still getting an error for the next dot config dot JS There are next transpile modules. Sorry. I was just comparing the files. I can't read because the. I don't know if everyone trying to resolve. So it's trying to resolve React square web payments SDK. Is it? Yeah, square web payments SDK or payment. Let's look at your config
There are next transpile modules. Sorry. I was just comparing the files. I can't read because the. I don't know if everyone trying to resolve. So it's trying to resolve React square web payments SDK. Is it? Yeah, square web payments SDK or payment. Let's look at your config Oh, let's yeah, try that with payments or payments. I think it's web payments SDK. I did that and Anthony, I did where you run. Um, the run that. Yeah, we're getting that. We're. Next config error. Fail to load next config JS. See more info here next JS or docs messages next config air
Oh, let's yeah, try that with payments or payments. I think it's web payments SDK. I did that and Anthony, I did where you run. Um, the run that. Yeah, we're getting that. We're. Next config error. Fail to load next config JS. See more info here next JS or docs messages next config air Next transpile modules and I expect air. I've been when trying to result, resolve next, React square web payment SDK. Oh, let's go to your in NPM config. I'm sorry, your next config JS. Is that in VS code or in terminal? Yes, that's the file that we worked on together. Okay
Next transpile modules and I expect air. I've been when trying to result, resolve next, React square web payment SDK. Oh, let's go to your in NPM config. I'm sorry, your next config JS. Is that in VS code or in terminal? Yes, that's the file that we worked on together. Okay Okay. And that's I'm here with TM. You see that? Okay. Now go all the way to the end. Oh, ask there. And there we go. I was trying to resolve that. It was like, I'm looking out, I'm looking for this package, you know, all across the internet. And I can't find it
Okay. And that's I'm here with TM. You see that? Okay. Now go all the way to the end. Oh, ask there. And there we go. I was trying to resolve that. It was like, I'm looking out, I'm looking for this package, you know, all across the internet. And I can't find it I appreciate everybody's help with this. And also because this is a big reason why I want to start like typing these because I've been missing commas or something like that rather than just copying and paste because it's teaching me where to look while for them to. Yeah. Okay. So it should be live
I appreciate everybody's help with this. And also because this is a big reason why I want to start like typing these because I've been missing commas or something like that rather than just copying and paste because it's teaching me where to look while for them to. Yeah. Okay. So it should be live And does this mean that it's, I should be able to do like a local host to go look at it now? You can try that. I have a suspicion that it may not be done, but I'm not sure because it usually actually says like live running on local host. Oh, yeah
And does this mean that it's, I should be able to do like a local host to go look at it now? You can try that. I have a suspicion that it may not be done, but I'm not sure because it usually actually says like live running on local host. Oh, yeah Oh, yeah. When it's done, many taps, too many taps, but it looks like it was just kind of sitting there. Because I don't see, I know when we were, oh, yeah, okay. Got it. I know what Anthony says
Oh, yeah. When it's done, many taps, too many taps, but it looks like it was just kind of sitting there. Because I don't see, I know when we were, oh, yeah, okay. Got it. I know what Anthony says He knows they don't want to read docs, but you should get in the habit of writing docs because you realize very quickly that you don't want to have written docs that you will want to have written docs. That's very true. That does not compute for me yet
He knows they don't want to read docs, but you should get in the habit of writing docs because you realize very quickly that you don't want to have written docs that you will want to have written docs. That's very true. That does not compute for me yet Basically, what he's saying is you just want to make sure that like, for instance, when we got the air in it, you know, it had a URL that pointed to the next JST. Docs. Your next config file
Basically, what he's saying is you just want to make sure that like, for instance, when we got the air in it, you know, it had a URL that pointed to the next JST. Docs. Your next config file It's good to get into the habit of like taking that URL going to the docs, looking up the docs, and looking up what they say about how to configure, you know, your next JS in that, or docs about anything else, particularly when you're troubleshooting errors
It's good to get into the habit of like taking that URL going to the docs, looking up the docs, and looking up what they say about how to configure, you know, your next JS in that, or docs about anything else, particularly when you're troubleshooting errors What do like, at least for writing your own docs, what do y'all use for your own docs? Because like, when I worked at Stoplight, like, their docs were really easy to use, and it auto-generated as using, like, creating API specs. Yeah, so there's open API swagger
What do like, at least for writing your own docs, what do y'all use for your own docs? Because like, when I worked at Stoplight, like, their docs were really easy to use, and it auto-generated as using, like, creating API specs. Yeah, so there's open API swagger That's kind of one of the, yeah, there's the readme.md files in your repo. But if you have like larger, like a larger organization, then sometimes, yes, they have those auto-generated docs. There's like, right
That's kind of one of the, yeah, there's the readme.md files in your repo. But if you have like larger, like a larger organization, then sometimes, yes, they have those auto-generated docs. There's like, right So for instance, like, if you go to the square documentation, there's like API reference, and then there's actual documentation
So for instance, like, if you go to the square documentation, there's like API reference, and then there's actual documentation We were looking at the documentation to figure out how we needed to set up a square account, how we needed to create these different values, you know, so we could actually do a charge to a fake credit card
We were looking at the documentation to figure out how we needed to set up a square account, how we needed to create these different values, you know, so we could actually do a charge to a fake credit card But there's a ton of tools out there that have different levels of automation in creating your docs. You're okay. Kind of the industry, one of the industry, the big industry standards is like the open API swagger
But there's a ton of tools out there that have different levels of automation in creating your docs. You're okay. Kind of the industry, one of the industry, the big industry standards is like the open API swagger And the idea is that you write the, you think API first, and then those docs can be generated from a particular file that you create when you're writing your API initially. Okay. Do it in a YAML file or a JSON file. And, you know, your swagger docs can be, and it's very much a standard as well
And the idea is that you write the, you think API first, and then those docs can be generated from a particular file that you create when you're writing your API initially. Okay. Do it in a YAML file or a JSON file. And, you know, your swagger docs can be, and it's very much a standard as well Yes. Anthony, let's do it because I think docs is one of the most confusing things ever. At least like what each of them do. Um, I don't, well, maybe I like stoplights because it did describe like what your end points were, but that was back when I didn't understand APIs as well
Yes. Anthony, let's do it because I think docs is one of the most confusing things ever. At least like what each of them do. Um, I don't, well, maybe I like stoplights because it did describe like what your end points were, but that was back when I didn't understand APIs as well So maybe it would be cool to create an API spec in stoplight. Not because I'm like, oh, I want to promote stoplight for everything, but that's like my reference, my like where I've been to like slowly start understanding at all. But okay, my local host is working. Yes
So maybe it would be cool to create an API spec in stoplight. Not because I'm like, oh, I want to promote stoplight for everything, but that's like my reference, my like where I've been to like slowly start understanding at all. But okay, my local host is working. Yes Yes. And you have generated the XJS, the, the development page that we created. Yay. And then MuteUk says that square generate our docs off of an open API spec. Oh, there we go. Bam. What did I just say? I think we're twins. I really think we're twins
Yes. And you have generated the XJS, the, the development page that we created. Yay. And then MuteUk says that square generate our docs off of an open API spec. Oh, there we go. Bam. What did I just say? I think we're twins. I really think we're twins You should see a picture of him and a picture of me like right next to each other. On like a series note? No. Okay, because like I don't know what anybody looks like. So that would have been really funny. We both do have the Oakland connection. So I guess like, I don't know. I dig it. I dig it
You should see a picture of him and a picture of me like right next to each other. On like a series note? No. Okay, because like I don't know what anybody looks like. So that would have been really funny. We both do have the Oakland connection. So I guess like, I don't know. I dig it. I dig it I dig it. I dig it. And grass-free for straws at this point. I mean, MuteWood, I know that you're from square. So either way, you need a higher Bacari because he is patient enough to teach me all this stuff
I dig it. I dig it. And grass-free for straws at this point. I mean, MuteWood, I know that you're from square. So either way, you need a higher Bacari because he is patient enough to teach me all this stuff And if he's a dev role, this is what dev roles have to do is go on all these shows and teach us stuff. So I'm just saying he's really cool. Okay. Anyway, awkward. You're welcome. I am that person. I am very awkward. I'm bad. Yeah. I do this stuff to him all the time. Amazelle and Ramon and Yere
And if he's a dev role, this is what dev roles have to do is go on all these shows and teach us stuff. So I'm just saying he's really cool. Okay. Anyway, awkward. You're welcome. I am that person. I am very awkward. I'm bad. Yeah. I do this stuff to him all the time. Amazelle and Ramon and Yere So. So I know it's 1035. And I know you sent me a message here saying that we're going to. Yeah, we totally went over time. Which I think it's down to you or pause. Man, I really want to. So I do have something to throw out. I would be totally down to continue this later this week
So. So I know it's 1035. And I know you sent me a message here saying that we're going to. Yeah, we totally went over time. Which I think it's down to you or pause. Man, I really want to. So I do have something to throw out. I would be totally down to continue this later this week If not like tomorrow or something. Oh, tomorrow is our Twitter space or maybe the day after. Because I think breaking it up makes it a lot more consumable because anybody watching these later on
If not like tomorrow or something. Oh, tomorrow is our Twitter space or maybe the day after. Because I think breaking it up makes it a lot more consumable because anybody watching these later on I think having just like the fact that we ran into errors is something that a lot of people are going to really benefit from of learning how to do that. And then Anthony, I think it would be dope to have you show me how to do documentation. Maybe using this as a reference
I think having just like the fact that we ran into errors is something that a lot of people are going to really benefit from of learning how to do that. And then Anthony, I think it would be dope to have you show me how to do documentation. Maybe using this as a reference And then having you back on the show and move out. I still want you on the show. Like let's talk about like why square overstripe. Seriously, I think we should just skew it. It sounds good to me. So are we at a good pausing point though? Because I know you got to get. Yeah, we are
And then having you back on the show and move out. I still want you on the show. Like let's talk about like why square overstripe. Seriously, I think we should just skew it. It sounds good to me. So are we at a good pausing point though? Because I know you got to get. Yeah, we are Yeah, we are. We just generated. It's like this is a really good stopping point because we just generated our boilerplate next JS page. Yeah. So I think this is a good place to pause. Next on our next episode, we will actually import some. Well, okay, put it this way
Yeah, we are. We just generated. It's like this is a really good stopping point because we just generated our boilerplate next JS page. Yeah. So I think this is a good place to pause. Next on our next episode, we will actually import some. Well, okay, put it this way You got to be on the show and teach me something. Because like just expanding and learning from different people, I think is something so awesome. Like Anthony, AJC, WebDepth, he's been on the show. He's also been watching these
You got to be on the show and teach me something. Because like just expanding and learning from different people, I think is something so awesome. Like Anthony, AJC, WebDepth, he's been on the show. He's also been watching these So we've all been learning from each other and it's helpful to be able to learn from a starting point of like when they're on different, like being able to see a previous show. So they know where my knowledge is at. And I've actually been able to start to re-teach this to people, which is like
So we've all been learning from each other and it's helpful to be able to learn from a starting point of like when they're on different, like being able to see a previous show. So they know where my knowledge is at. And I've actually been able to start to re-teach this to people, which is like Oh, he just said DM me on Twitter. You got it. Cool. Okay, so on our next episode. On our next episode, we will be importing some components and building out our integration. We also are going to build a quick and dirty end point in next JS. So we'll have a full stack after running. Yes
Oh, he just said DM me on Twitter. You got it. Cool. Okay, so on our next episode. On our next episode, we will be importing some components and building out our integration. We also are going to build a quick and dirty end point in next JS. So we'll have a full stack after running. Yes Yes. And I know that we went through a lot of theory today as well, which I appreciate. Because learning the theory along with the actual practice of building these, really helps with like getting the information to stick. Yeah. Oh my God. It reminds me of my garage recording studio in a band
Yes. And I know that we went through a lot of theory today as well, which I appreciate. Because learning the theory along with the actual practice of building these, really helps with like getting the information to stick. Yeah. Oh my God. It reminds me of my garage recording studio in a band I actually, this is my recording studio. Like, this is my recording studio. Because I just have fun, you know, blasting everybody's coolness of Bacari. Like, if you go to his Twitter, he has his link to like all of his, like, music that he currently has out a couple singles
I actually, this is my recording studio. Like, this is my recording studio. Because I just have fun, you know, blasting everybody's coolness of Bacari. Like, if you go to his Twitter, he has his link to like all of his, like, music that he currently has out a couple singles And at some point with everyone that's in band, can we do like a live stream of bands, like different people playing stuff? I feel like that would be cool. Um, I think I might, I'd be open to that. The thing is over a live stream. It's really hard because of the latency
And at some point with everyone that's in band, can we do like a live stream of bands, like different people playing stuff? I feel like that would be cool. Um, I think I might, I'd be open to that. The thing is over a live stream. It's really hard because of the latency Yeah, that's what I was just thinking about. Places, but if you have like people that are in the certain geographic area, maybe, I don't know. You're in California and you got Anthony's. Yeah, I'm going to leave it there. Yeah. Oh, sweet
Yeah, that's what I was just thinking about. Places, but if you have like people that are in the certain geographic area, maybe, I don't know. You're in California and you got Anthony's. Yeah, I'm going to leave it there. Yeah. Oh, sweet Yeah. Oh, sweet. Like Anthony, we talk about your podcast or your live stream, live Twitter space. There we go. And this dope. I like talking about people. It's fun. Y'all do cool stuff. Well, thank you for having me on. Yeah, for sure. And thank you. Thank you for the knowledge. Drop. Thank you
Yeah. Oh, sweet. Like Anthony, we talk about your podcast or your live stream, live Twitter space. There we go. And this dope. I like talking about people. It's fun. Y'all do cool stuff. Well, thank you for having me on. Yeah, for sure. And thank you. Thank you for the knowledge. Drop. Thank you Drop. Thank you. Yes, I mean, people are dope. Thank you all for joining and commenting. And see you tomorrow at our Twitter space. Yes, I will be there. See you later. Bye.
Drop. Thank you. Yes, I mean, people are dope. Thank you all for joining and commenting. And see you tomorrow at our Twitter space. Yes, I will be there. See you later. Bye.