Hello beautiful humans and thank you once again for joining Teach Gen Tech. Today we have Travis with us and Travis please introduce yourself and what you're going to teach us Yep, I'm Travis Weithmar and I'm famous for having or infamous whichever you would like to think of for having a layout library called Bedrock layout primitives. And I also am a software engineer at Plex
Yep, I'm Travis Weithmar and I'm famous for having or infamous whichever you would like to think of for having a layout library called Bedrock layout primitives. And I also am a software engineer at Plex And yeah, today we're going to be going over just web layout patterns and like ways to lay out the web. It like I get the words you're saying
And yeah, today we're going to be going over just web layout patterns and like ways to lay out the web. It like I get the words you're saying I do I do I like the words you're saying do make sense but when we're saying the way you lay out the web is that like the way a website just shows up like the front end of or style of a website
I do I do I like the words you're saying do make sense but when we're saying the way you lay out the web is that like the way a website just shows up like the front end of or style of a website Exactly and every and it's not wrong to group everything is just one big style because we use CSS for it. But I really think it's like web layout as like a separate concern then like the prettiness of it. So like the colors and all that that all uses CSS and that's great
Exactly and every and it's not wrong to group everything is just one big style because we use CSS for it. But I really think it's like web layout as like a separate concern then like the prettiness of it. So like the colors and all that that all uses CSS and that's great But also the layout is a totally kind of like sub concern in my mind and that's how I like to think of it. So I think I like to separate that kind of both in the code as well as like how I approach the web page and how I structure it
But also the layout is a totally kind of like sub concern in my mind and that's how I like to think of it. So I think I like to separate that kind of both in the code as well as like how I approach the web page and how I structure it Because the way you lay out the web page is it creates like a hierarchy and different things like that. So as you read like you're like it points your eyes in different places. So knowing how to do that layout is really important
Because the way you lay out the web page is it creates like a hierarchy and different things like that. So as you read like you're like it points your eyes in different places. So knowing how to do that layout is really important And it gets really easy to like kind of associate like everything is just style. But like I really like to just pull it as like separate things in my mind at least. I'm digging it. I'm digging it. And that that is making sense by I like the way you said, uh, making it pretty
And it gets really easy to like kind of associate like everything is just style. But like I really like to just pull it as like separate things in my mind at least. I'm digging it. I'm digging it. And that that is making sense by I like the way you said, uh, making it pretty Because that is when I think of you know, web layout in my mind. I'm like how you make something look pretty not necessarily functional. But is there like a certain like go to web layouts like or I'm not sure how to say that one correctly
Because that is when I think of you know, web layout in my mind. I'm like how you make something look pretty not necessarily functional. But is there like a certain like go to web layouts like or I'm not sure how to say that one correctly So there are some like and that's where I want to get to like that. This is where a lot and most of them, I should say most of my career, a lot of my career
So there are some like and that's where I want to get to like that. This is where a lot and most of them, I should say most of my career, a lot of my career I associate that everything is the same and I do like a lot of people do when they write CSS is you just throw mud on the wall and then it works. And then it's like don't touch it. Like it works now. So don't don't change my code. It works
I associate that everything is the same and I do like a lot of people do when they write CSS is you just throw mud on the wall and then it works. And then it's like don't touch it. Like it works now. So don't don't change my code. It works It works. But like there's some actual like if you just like anything, there's like patterns that we follow. Like if you go to web pages that are not like 90% of the time that doing the same things
It works. But like there's some actual like if you just like anything, there's like patterns that we follow. Like if you go to web pages that are not like 90% of the time that doing the same things They're just doing them that are just combining these patterns in different ways to achieve these things. But if you break it down, they're following like probably like a handful of like layout patterns
They're just doing them that are just combining these patterns in different ways to achieve these things. But if you break it down, they're following like probably like a handful of like layout patterns And so if you just like create those patterns and learn how to do those, you can get like most of the layouts on the web. It's kind of like when learning a language, there's like a thousand words and mostly somewhere around the thousand words of most languages gets you like 80% of the way there
And so if you just like create those patterns and learn how to do those, you can get like most of the layouts on the web. It's kind of like when learning a language, there's like a thousand words and mostly somewhere around the thousand words of most languages gets you like 80% of the way there It's just kind of the same concept like just a handful of like web layout patterns when composed together will actually get you most of the things you need done. And so hence that's what I do for my library
It's just kind of the same concept like just a handful of like web layout patterns when composed together will actually get you most of the things you need done. And so hence that's what I do for my library But even if you don't use my library, that's if you think about it that way, think about like what pattern we're doing, you can do you can get really far in web layout world. Okay. Okay
But even if you don't use my library, that's if you think about it that way, think about like what pattern we're doing, you can do you can get really far in web layout world. Okay. Okay Okay. Okay. Like it's starting to sink in and I'm totally going to sidetrack myself to go because I believe it's on linked on your Twitter, right? With yes, I definitely show people that. So there's a library bedrock dash layout.dev
Okay. Okay. Like it's starting to sink in and I'm totally going to sidetrack myself to go because I believe it's on linked on your Twitter, right? With yes, I definitely show people that. So there's a library bedrock dash layout.devdev. And there's a React component library as well as a CSS library version of it. Yeah, let me pull it. Here we go. Let me make this a lot bigger because this is the part about streaming that I always forget is to make things bigger. I do the same thing all the time
dev. And there's a React component library as well as a CSS library version of it. Yeah, let me pull it. Here we go. Let me make this a lot bigger because this is the part about streaming that I always forget is to make things bigger. I do the same thing all the time Anthony, he's been on your stream before. It's always like Travis bump up your your. I know, right? He's going to be on later this week and because he's tired of me not looking at the read me or like reading good documentation. He's like, Jenny, me to start doing okay
Anthony, he's been on your stream before. It's always like Travis bump up your your. I know, right? He's going to be on later this week and because he's tired of me not looking at the read me or like reading good documentation. He's like, Jenny, me to start doing okay He always reminds me of like the big brother that is always mad at you because you're not doing it and like just cares because he just really wants you to do a good job. That's what Anthony reminds me of. He's exactly that. He's a great guy
He always reminds me of like the big brother that is always mad at you because you're not doing it and like just cares because he just really wants you to do a good job. That's what Anthony reminds me of. He's exactly that. He's a great guy He's a great guy. Okay, so we have the layout here and I love how you just have this as a resource that people can use and I'll definitely have this linked afterwards. And I will link it in the chat really quick. So that way everyone can take a look too. And then all right
He's a great guy. Okay, so we have the layout here and I love how you just have this as a resource that people can use and I'll definitely have this linked afterwards. And I will link it in the chat really quick. So that way everyone can take a look too. And then all right And then all right. So just to show them this resource, we got that done. Now what are we doing today? Oh, I thought we would do the fun thing that probably everybody has to do in a webpage is great aligning page
And then all right. So just to show them this resource, we got that done. Now what are we doing today? Oh, I thought we would do the fun thing that probably everybody has to do in a webpage is great aligning page And I've already got a starter for you and we're going to actually just focus on doing layout. Okay, I'm going to see if I can make this a bit bigger. So there we go. All right. So we got your database starter. I like it. Yes. Oh, yay. And the following. Sweet. I'm more popular already
And I've already got a starter for you and we're going to actually just focus on doing layout. Okay, I'm going to see if I can make this a bit bigger. So there we go. All right. So we got your database starter. I like it. Yes. Oh, yay. And the following. Sweet. I'm more popular already So yeah, so the if you go down below, you'll see we have a database and we've got the kind of to show like what's actually there. Yeah
So yeah, so the if you go down below, you'll see we have a database and we've got the kind of to show like what's actually there. Yeah Yeah. I was like, how do I scroll with the normal scroll in nine minutes? You may want to do the if you change the layout instead of having everything on top, maybe put it on the side. So if you click that, there's that button up at the very top next to settings
Yeah. I was like, how do I scroll with the normal scroll in nine minutes? You may want to do the if you change the layout instead of having everything on top, maybe put it on the side. So if you click that, there's that button up at the very top next to settings Let's get like three squares in the big one. And there we go. Oh, I like that. Thank you. So we got our now I can make it bigger again. Our database. I like this. I just like the name. Awesome. Now the you can see like everything's like looks pretty but it's not laid out pretty
Let's get like three squares in the big one. And there we go. Oh, I like that. Thank you. So we got our now I can make it bigger again. Our database. I like this. I just like the name. Awesome. Now the you can see like everything's like looks pretty but it's not laid out pretty And so that's what we're going to be doing today. Just focus on getting this laid out in a nice way. All right. The first pattern, the first like thing that I thought we'd work to do is what I like to call the cover pattern
And so that's what we're going to be doing today. Just focus on getting this laid out in a nice way. All right. The first pattern, the first like thing that I thought we'd work to do is what I like to call the cover pattern The idea is that it's going to cover an area and then center some children inside of it. So vertically centered. So I like to call that a cover pattern
The idea is that it's going to cover an area and then center some children inside of it. So vertically centered. So I like to call that a cover pattern And that's one of the nice ways of also thinking about these as patterns is you can quickly just identify, hey, this is a cover pattern or it's this pattern with a this pattern. And it makes it a lot easier to think about what you're doing and how to approach it. So
And that's one of the nice ways of also thinking about these as patterns is you can quickly just identify, hey, this is a cover pattern or it's this pattern with a this pattern. And it makes it a lot easier to think about what you're doing and how to approach it. So So. So yeah, let's go ahead and start this and we're going to do this on the CSS. Okay. Can I close the HTML then or we we're going to go back to the HTML. We don't need the JavaScript but like yeah, let's just do CSS for now and then we'll go back and forth
So. So yeah, let's go ahead and start this and we're going to do this on the CSS. Okay. Can I close the HTML then or we we're going to go back to the HTML. We don't need the JavaScript but like yeah, let's just do CSS for now and then we'll go back and forth If we scroll down all the way to the bottom CSS, we're going to start here and we're going to use a different method of selecting than probably most people typically do
If we scroll down all the way to the bottom CSS, we're going to start here and we're going to use a different method of selecting than probably most people typically do Usually you'll do like a dot, you know, class name and of some sort, right? But we're going to use data attributes instead for selecting. Okay. And just because we're going to be creating these like, these like utility components kind of thing
Usually you'll do like a dot, you know, class name and of some sort, right? But we're going to use data attributes instead for selecting. Okay. And just because we're going to be creating these like, these like utility components kind of thing And I think it's helpful to kind of separate them out from like your regular classes. Pretty so it's easier to think of them as a separate concern. And this is a great way to do it so that you can also like not have to worry about these things conflicting with your CSS later on down the road
And I think it's helpful to kind of separate them out from like your regular classes. Pretty so it's easier to think of them as a separate concern. And this is a great way to do it so that you can also like not have to worry about these things conflicting with your CSS later on down the road So to select for data attributes instead of using dot a name, you're actually going to put it in square brackets. So you do square bracket and then do data dash and we're going to do cover. So this is a cover pattern
So to select for data attributes instead of using dot a name, you're actually going to put it in square brackets. So you do square bracket and then do data dash and we're going to do cover. So this is a cover pattern And then next to it, go out of the square bracket and we'll do the curlies and then we can write our CSS in here. Can the curlies be next to it or does it need to have that? Yeah, that's exactly. Yeah. I think that it might, yeah, we'll just do that. So inside the curlies, let me bring them in
And then next to it, go out of the square bracket and we'll do the curlies and then we can write our CSS in here. Can the curlies be next to it or does it need to have that? Yeah, that's exactly. Yeah. I think that it might, yeah, we'll just do that. So inside the curlies, let me bring them in So I don't forget things. Okay. So what first thing we're going to do with this cover is we want everything inside of here to be in a column. So we're going to do display flex. And I actually just put this on this new line here. So inside the curlies, yeah, there we go
So I don't forget things. Okay. So what first thing we're going to do with this cover is we want everything inside of here to be in a column. So we're going to do display flex. And I actually just put this on this new line here. So inside the curlies, yeah, there we go And we'll go display colon flex. And so we're purposely giving, we're telling whatever we're going to use, use the flex layout pattern display. And then, sorry, and then we're going to go flex direction column. So do a semicolon after flex. And then after below that, we'll do flex dash direction
And we'll go display colon flex. And so we're purposely giving, we're telling whatever we're going to use, use the flex layout pattern display. And then, sorry, and then we're going to go flex direction column. So do a semicolon after flex. And then after below that, we'll do flex dash direction colon column. Now I have to remember how to spell column. I always do too. So this will say, hey, we're going to, everything's going to be like try to be in a row by default, but by changing the direction to column, now it's going to put everything stacked on top of each other
colon column. Now I have to remember how to spell column. I always do too. So this will say, hey, we're going to, everything's going to be like try to be in a row by default, but by changing the direction to column, now it's going to put everything stacked on top of each other I'm trying to go away. I tried. So we're going to do that. And then the next thing. Sorry. And then next thing we're going to do is we're going to do, let's just do a gap. So that new line and we'll go gap. And we'll, for now, just do one RAM
I'm trying to go away. I tried. So we're going to do that. And then the next thing. Sorry. And then next thing we're going to do is we're going to do, let's just do a gap. So that new line and we'll go gap. And we'll, for now, just do one RAM We're going to, we're going to come back to this in a moment. You said one RAM. Yeah, one RAM. Send my colon. I mean, all the things today. And then let's do a minimum block size. So MIN, sorry, so min block size. Min dash block size. And we're going to do 100 VH. That's for VU heights. Okay
We're going to, we're going to come back to this in a moment. You said one RAM. Yeah, one RAM. Send my colon. I mean, all the things today. And then let's do a minimum block size. So MIN, sorry, so min block size. Min dash block size. And we're going to do 100 VH. That's for VU heights. Okay Okay. Send my colon. There we go. So we're going to start with just this. This will be good. So now let's go back in the HTML. Does this one auto save? It should auto save by default. So let's go to the very top. And we're going to go on that header right next to the header
Okay. Send my colon. There we go. So we're going to start with just this. This will be good. So now let's go back in the HTML. Does this one auto save? It should auto save by default. So let's go to the very top. And we're going to go on that header right next to the header So we have header class header. But right next inside the header HTML itself. So yeah, before the class, we're going to just put data dash cover. And then space. And you can see automatically that header section now is taking up 100 VU heights. And there's at least. I did it so I can see it again
So we have header class header. But right next inside the header HTML itself. So yeah, before the class, we're going to just put data dash cover. And then space. And you can see automatically that header section now is taking up 100 VU heights. And there's at least. I did it so I can see it again There we go. So that's a, that's cool. We're only part of the way that are to like making this like really customized. But like you can see already like we're covering a section
There we go. So that's a, that's cool. We're only part of the way that are to like making this like really customized. But like you can see already like we're covering a section And the next we're going to do here is we want to we want to make it so that sometimes we don't always want to cover 100% VY. That's a good default because like say we're do this is a hero that we're building up here with this header. The oftentimes we want to have it to be 100% VY. It's like this
And the next we're going to do here is we want to we want to make it so that sometimes we don't always want to cover 100% VY. That's a good default because like say we're do this is a hero that we're building up here with this header. The oftentimes we want to have it to be 100% VY. It's like this It's like this. I'm having fun with 100% VY. So that way because it shows, you know, like this is a on the VY. So it goes to it. This is really cool. But you know, I can see what it means by we may not want that. Yeah
It's like this. I'm having fun with 100% VY. So that way because it shows, you know, like this is a on the VY. So it goes to it. This is really cool. But you know, I can see what it means by we may not want that. Yeah Yeah. I mean, sometimes you do, sometimes you don't depend on what kind of things you're doing. So let's go and let's make this a little bit more customizable. And so what we're going to do is we're going to instead of using 100% VY. Let's go in. Let's go back down to the CSS
Yeah. I mean, sometimes you do, sometimes you don't depend on what kind of things you're doing. So let's go and let's make this a little bit more customizable. And so what we're going to do is we're going to instead of using 100% VY. Let's go in. Let's go back down to the CSS And let's, let's have this take a custom property. So let's get rid of the 100% VY there. And let's do var. And then the parentheses. And do dash dash max. Then with a capital double you height. So max height. And then let's do a comma after that
And let's, let's have this take a custom property. So let's get rid of the 100% VY there. And let's do var. And then the parentheses. And do dash dash max. Then with a capital double you height. So max height. And then let's do a comma after that And then in the same bracket or a different bracket. Yeah. Right after the max height. So yeah. And then let's do 100 VH. So what this says is we're going to take the value of a custom property called max height. But if max height isn't been defined, we're going to fall back to 100% VH
And then in the same bracket or a different bracket. Yeah. Right after the max height. So yeah. And then let's do 100 VH. So what this says is we're going to take the value of a custom property called max height. But if max height isn't been defined, we're going to fall back to 100% VH So we have a default value that we're always going to use. But we're going to have a way for you to customize and change that. As a heads up, our number one fan who we were talking about earlier is here. Hello, Anthony. Anthony, welcome
So we have a default value that we're always going to use. But we're going to have a way for you to customize and change that. As a heads up, our number one fan who we were talking about earlier is here. Hello, Anthony. Anthony, welcome Anthony, welcome. We're building, yeah, we're rebuilding Bedrock layout from scratch. So we're going to rebuild exactly what the library is already built. Yeah, so much learning. So yeah, I don't think I've ever really gone into this level of detail with anybody on any other stream
Anthony, welcome. We're building, yeah, we're rebuilding Bedrock layout from scratch. So we're going to rebuild exactly what the library is already built. Yeah, so much learning. So yeah, I don't think I've ever really gone into this level of detail with anybody on any other stream So you're a special Jen. Thank you. You've said so. I think it's definitely something. It's it's a challenge to break stuff down this far because when we learn something a lot of times were like, oh, everybody knows that. But because we forget that we start there a long, long time ago
So you're a special Jen. Thank you. You've said so. I think it's definitely something. It's it's a challenge to break stuff down this far because when we learn something a lot of times were like, oh, everybody knows that. But because we forget that we start there a long, long time ago So I do appreciate it. And I haven't done much in CSS. So this is pretty exciting. The dead joke came in. What up, the guy. I hope you made it home safe. He was he had a layover in Denver yesterday. And I was like, oh, wow, dang it. I wish I knew because I live in Denver
So I do appreciate it. And I haven't done much in CSS. So this is pretty exciting. The dead joke came in. What up, the guy. I hope you made it home safe. He was he had a layover in Denver yesterday. And I was like, oh, wow, dang it. I wish I knew because I live in Denver So, but, you I've been to Denver twice. And one of them was not a great experience because it was we we picked up from from let's find out of Selik City. And as soon as we got in the air, they said, our AC's broken or our heaters broken
So, but, you I've been to Denver twice. And one of them was not a great experience because it was we we picked up from from let's find out of Selik City. And as soon as we got in the air, they said, our AC's broken or our heaters broken So we need to land in Denver and fix the heater so we can flag. That's fine in New York because we can't wait this out. You guys will be freezing. But then they're like, we can't land in Denver. We have too much fuel. So we flew above Denver for an hour. Oh my gosh. And then landed
So we need to land in Denver and fix the heater so we can flag. That's fine in New York because we can't wait this out. You guys will be freezing. But then they're like, we can't land in Denver. We have too much fuel. So we flew above Denver for an hour. Oh my gosh. And then landed And then landed. So that happens. I've done that in Denver to you where they just circle it because, but it was normally that happens. It's happened a few times because of the stores. I need to tell my dog that she is not part of the live stream today. Are you sure she is now? No
And then landed. So that happens. I've done that in Denver to you where they just circle it because, but it was normally that happens. It's happened a few times because of the stores. I need to tell my dog that she is not part of the live stream today. Are you sure she is now? No Everybody might hear her whining in the background, but it's not me. It's the dog making very random noises. Okay. So we changed it to Max Hyatt and then 100 VH. And so now we can customize this. So if we go back up to the HTML and right in there, we're going to do an inline style
Everybody might hear her whining in the background, but it's not me. It's the dog making very random noises. Okay. So we changed it to Max Hyatt and then 100 VH. And so now we can customize this. So if we go back up to the HTML and right in there, we're going to do an inline style So if we go style where should I do it? Right after the word cover, do a space. And let's write style equals. And then do a string. So sorry, do quotation. All right. Yeah. And then we'll go we'll put we're going to define this property here. So we can go dash, max with with a yeah, exactly
So if we go style where should I do it? Right after the word cover, do a space. And let's write style equals. And then do a string. So sorry, do quotation. All right. Yeah. And then we'll go we'll put we're going to define this property here. So we can go dash, max with with a yeah, exactly And we'll go colon. And let's do 50 VH. Yeah. Lowercase VH. Yeah. I was like, I got that one wrong. So we did with or we did height in CSS and we do with here. Yeah. Um, did it it should be V8 for both so we max with oh, did I say max with I'm at max height. Sorry, my brain is just like
And we'll go colon. And let's do 50 VH. Yeah. Lowercase VH. Yeah. I was like, I got that one wrong. So we did with or we did height in CSS and we do with here. Yeah. Um, did it it should be V8 for both so we max with oh, did I say max with I'm at max height. Sorry, my brain is just like I already told you that, you know, with my cap bite yesterday, like I'm often like law lonely and half the time. At least the, the, you know, talking to you before hand, I caught that I don't have the reason of swelling on there now. All right. So we got max height
I already told you that, you know, with my cap bite yesterday, like I'm often like law lonely and half the time. At least the, the, you know, talking to you before hand, I caught that I don't have the reason of swelling on there now. All right. So we got max height And I like how that changed it where it's not crazy and all over the place. Yeah. So yeah. Now we, so this will allow us to use that same like cover component anywhere else. If we, we need to, we want to follow this pattern. And we can customize that max height
And I like how that changed it where it's not crazy and all over the place. Yeah. So yeah. Now we, so this will allow us to use that same like cover component anywhere else. If we, we need to, we want to follow this pattern. And we can customize that max height Now, one might ask like, why don't we just why max height. Or and in fact, I just were using the wrong thing. I really should have said. Min height. Let's go back and fix that. So yeah, in both of these. Okay. Because yeah, min. Because that's really what we're doing
Now, one might ask like, why don't we just why max height. Or and in fact, I just were using the wrong thing. I really should have said. Min height. Let's go back and fix that. So yeah, in both of these. Okay. Because yeah, min. Because that's really what we're doing We're saying the minimum height is 50 V8s. But the reason why we want to say minimum is if we actually had content in there that was higher than 50 V8, we want it to be at least the content height. We only want it to be a minimum 50 V8 if we have less than 50 VH worth of content
We're saying the minimum height is 50 V8s. But the reason why we want to say minimum is if we actually had content in there that was higher than 50 V8, we want it to be at least the content height. We only want it to be a minimum 50 V8 if we have less than 50 VH worth of content So that's why we do minimum height. So we can say cover at least this amount. But if you have more content, definitely keep pushing, keep going. So I dig it. So most of the time, whenever if you with the web, you don't, you hardly ever want to set a fixed height
So that's why we do minimum height. So we can say cover at least this amount. But if you have more content, definitely keep pushing, keep going. So I dig it. So most of the time, whenever if you with the web, you don't, you hardly ever want to set a fixed height You don't want to just say, hey, the height is this, even though practically that's, it may only never be that. You want to do minimum height because it allows it to be resilient in case the content pushes it out
You don't want to just say, hey, the height is this, even though practically that's, it may only never be that. You want to do minimum height because it allows it to be resilient in case the content pushes it out Some of the memes around CSS where things like overflow out of bounds or different things like that come from when we try to control the content and try to say, this is like, try to create control of web like we do like a magazine or something like that, where we know exactly what the content is going to be like in in advance
Some of the memes around CSS where things like overflow out of bounds or different things like that come from when we try to control the content and try to say, this is like, try to create control of web like we do like a magazine or something like that, where we know exactly what the content is going to be like in in advance But the thing is on the web, we don't know what it is. It could be like, not only a couple paragraphs or it could be like a hundred paragraphs. So we need to be resilient. And that's why using minimum height makes it resilient
But the thing is on the web, we don't know what it is. It could be like, not only a couple paragraphs or it could be like a hundred paragraphs. So we need to be resilient. And that's why using minimum height makes it resilient You're piecing so many things together for me because I do use square space for both the podcast and this live stream. And in square space, it allows you to edit the header. And now that I'm like, I'm like, oh, so is this how you can make all these changes? It's cool. Please continue
You're piecing so many things together for me because I do use square space for both the podcast and this live stream. And in square space, it allows you to edit the header. And now that I'm like, I'm like, oh, so is this how you can make all these changes? It's cool. Please continue Please continue. Yeah, no problem. So I talked about it already that like the other part of the web layout, the cover pattern is not just that it like covers a section, but it also centers, vertically centers some children if you want it. So we're going to implement that part now as well
Please continue. Yeah, no problem. So I talked about it already that like the other part of the web layout, the cover pattern is not just that it like covers a section, but it also centers, vertically centers some children if you want it. So we're going to implement that part now as well So let's go underneath. Inside the actually, we're going to do this on a separate line. We're going to create. So go to the new line and we're going to do once again, data dash cover. So we're saying, hey, anything that's a cover and then nice to it, don't we're not going to do that yet
So let's go underneath. Inside the actually, we're going to do this on a separate line. We're going to create. So go to the new line and we're going to do once again, data dash cover. So we're saying, hey, anything that's a cover and then nice to it, don't we're not going to do that yet So we're going to do the great, no, sorry, less than I can. It's the arrow that points to your right. Yeah, that one, sorry. Okay. Is greater than yes, the greater than symbol. And then we're going to do square brackets again. And we're going to do data dash cover, dash children
So we're going to do the great, no, sorry, less than I can. It's the arrow that points to your right. Yeah, that one, sorry. Okay. Is greater than yes, the greater than symbol. And then we're going to do square brackets again. And we're going to do data dash cover, dash children Yeah, do we want to do that? Yeah. Oh, no, let's, let's some detail. Let's do centered the word centered. There we go. And then after that, we'll do the square, the, yeah, curly brackets
Yeah, do we want to do that? Yeah. Oh, no, let's, let's some detail. Let's do centered the word centered. There we go. And then after that, we'll do the square, the, yeah, curly brackets So first of all, what does this selector we're doing? We're saying any, anything with the data cover that has a direct child that says data cover centered, we're going to add these styles. So we can add data cover centered on anything out there. And these styles won't apply
So first of all, what does this selector we're doing? We're saying any, anything with the data cover that has a direct child that says data cover centered, we're going to add these styles. So we can add data cover centered on anything out there. And these styles won't apply It's only going to apply if we use the data cover centered attribute on a direct child of the data covered element. Okay. So that just so we're clear and we'll, we'll, we'll see that in practice. We'll make more sense as we use it. But that's what that, that arrow bracket is saying
It's only going to apply if we use the data cover centered attribute on a direct child of the data covered element. Okay. So that just so we're clear and we'll, we'll, we'll see that in practice. We'll make more sense as we use it. But that's what that, that arrow bracket is saying We're saying, okay, we're looking for the direct child that meets this qualification. Okay. And in here, we're going to do margin dash block. And we're going to do auto. Now, Is that how you start margin? Yeah, that's perfect. Okay
We're saying, okay, we're looking for the direct child that meets this qualification. Okay. And in here, we're going to do margin dash block. And we're going to do auto. Now, Is that how you start margin? Yeah, that's perfect. Okay Okay. I was like, I don't think I actually know how to spell margin, but that's okay. So what, what margin block means most people probably have learned like margin top, margin bottom, margin last margin or margin, yeah. And those were great
Okay. I was like, I don't think I actually know how to spell margin, but that's okay. So what, what margin block means most people probably have learned like margin top, margin bottom, margin last margin or margin, yeah. And those were great Okay, the web, but like as the web has developed, we found and really have acknowledged that there's more writing styles than just English left to right. We, they've gone back and they've revamped and they've created some more logical properties around that
Okay, the web, but like as the web has developed, we found and really have acknowledged that there's more writing styles than just English left to right. We, they've gone back and they've revamped and they've created some more logical properties around that So they've now added things like margin block, which means things in the block direction and block direction in the case of English left to right is from top to bottom. But block direction, if you're in a vertical language, is actually left to right
So they've now added things like margin block, which means things in the block direction and block direction in the case of English left to right is from top to bottom. But block direction, if you're in a vertical language, is actually left to right And unless you're a vertical right to left, then it's right to left. So we do this because it wants to get it makes our web page more resilient makes our elements more resilient to any sit language that we, we may adopt
And unless you're a vertical right to left, then it's right to left. So we do this because it wants to get it makes our web page more resilient makes our elements more resilient to any sit language that we, we may adopt Or if we're just playing around and goofing around and we want to do something cool and do change the, the writing style just to make it look pretty. We're still resilient in that case. So anyway, yeah. So margin block basically means the, the, the margin in the two block directions
Or if we're just playing around and goofing around and we want to do something cool and do change the, the writing style just to make it look pretty. We're still resilient in that case. So anyway, yeah. So margin block basically means the, the, the margin in the two block directions So the top and the bottom. So we're in an English left to right here. That's the top to bottom and bottom. We're getting basically two properties as being assigned for one. So it's really nice and easy. That's the other advantage with this
So the top and the bottom. So we're in an English left to right here. That's the top to bottom and bottom. We're getting basically two properties as being assigned for one. So it's really nice and easy. That's the other advantage with this These new additions to the CSS, these are CSS logical properties. Not it. So what we're going to do, we're going to go back in the HTML. And in there right now, we have this below the figure, we have this H1 that says database and the paragraph
These new additions to the CSS, these are CSS logical properties. Not it. So what we're going to do, we're going to go back in the HTML. And in there right now, we have this below the figure, we have this H1 that says database and the paragraph So we're going to rip, let's wrap both of those in a div. Right. Yep. And then we'll put the ending tag after the paragraph. Perfect. And then it's like changing things. This is fun. That's interesting that it's formatted that way. But anyway, yeah
So we're going to rip, let's wrap both of those in a div. Right. Yep. And then we'll put the ending tag after the paragraph. Perfect. And then it's like changing things. This is fun. That's interesting that it's formatted that way. But anyway, yeah But anyway, yeah. So inside the div, that, the opening tag of that div, let's do that data covered. Oh, we're, you're doing that inside the HTML itself. So go all the way to the div. We're going to add this there. Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. Go data, cover, and what are we called it centered? Yeah
But anyway, yeah. So inside the div, that, the opening tag of that div, let's do that data covered. Oh, we're, you're doing that inside the HTML itself. So go all the way to the div. We're going to add this there. Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. Go data, cover, and what are we called it centered? Yeah Thanks, center. I'm going to look. Was it center or center? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And then you probably can't see it on here because we're probably taking up the entire content. But if you were like to change the size for the main page there, maybe scroll up and see. Maybe. Maybe. Yeah
Thanks, center. I'm going to look. Was it center or center? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And then you probably can't see it on here because we're probably taking up the entire content. But if you were like to change the size for the main page there, maybe scroll up and see. Maybe. Maybe. Yeah Maybe. Maybe. Yeah. You can see a slight change. It's like maybe bump it like really exaggerated, like really bump up the site. Make it really small just to really so. So yeah, you see like that database is like vertically centered right there inside that this section. So that way, yeah
Maybe. Maybe. Yeah. You can see a slight change. It's like maybe bump it like really exaggerated, like really bump up the site. Make it really small just to really so. So yeah, you see like that database is like vertically centered right there inside that this section. So that way, yeah So that way, yeah. Now we can do that thing where like you have that hero and then you like had that vertically centered like content right there in the middle. Sometimes you though. Oh, anyway. So yeah, this is. Yeah, that's all I want talking about that. So this is a cover pattern
So that way, yeah. Now we can do that thing where like you have that hero and then you like had that vertically centered like content right there in the middle. Sometimes you though. Oh, anyway. So yeah, this is. Yeah, that's all I want talking about that. So this is a cover pattern So if you're ever like, hey, look, I need something to take up some content vertically centered. This is the pattern you would want to use as a cover. Now, the other thing we want another good pattern that we use on the web all time is horizontally centering things
So if you're ever like, hey, look, I need something to take up some content vertically centered. This is the pattern you would want to use as a cover. Now, the other thing we want another good pattern that we use on the web all time is horizontally centering things So we're going to do that one now. So so below the data cover. So yeah, below all this, let's create a new line and in brackets, let's do data center. Would I do data cover again or this data? No, so this new one is not related to cover it all
So we're going to do that one now. So so below the data cover. So yeah, below all this, let's create a new line and in brackets, let's do data center. Would I do data cover again or this data? No, so this new one is not related to cover it all So it's a new pattern all on its own that we're going to be and we'll just call it center itself. Perfect. And then let's do the curly brackets
So it's a new pattern all on its own that we're going to be and we'll just call it center itself. Perfect. And then let's do the curly brackets Now the center, the idea is we want whatever we have in there to to be to center itself inside of its content, but also to base off the base off its content. But we also want to maybe have a fixed width, like a max width that it will grow
Now the center, the idea is we want whatever we have in there to to be to center itself inside of its content, but also to base off the base off its content. But we also want to maybe have a fixed width, like a max width that it will grow So that way, it will be centered within, it will be only a certain size and then center itself within that. It will be more obvious once we do it. But that's what the pattern is trying to do
So that way, it will be centered within, it will be only a certain size and then center itself within that. It will be more obvious once we do it. But that's what the pattern is trying to do What it and this is me not knowing CSS as well, but would it be like display center and then like something along the min block size would do like a min or max width or something? You're like on the right like idea here. So okay, exactly. So interesting
What it and this is me not knowing CSS as well, but would it be like display center and then like something along the min block size would do like a min or max width or something? You're like on the right like idea here. So okay, exactly. So interesting So interesting. There's so many ways to horizontally center things on the web. But one of the most like tried and true and still are pretty much in every situation, every context is to use the margin auto in the block size but in the inline. So we're going to do margin inline. Auto. Perfect
So interesting. There's so many ways to horizontally center things on the web. But one of the most like tried and true and still are pretty much in every situation, every context is to use the margin auto in the block size but in the inline. So we're going to do margin inline. Auto. Perfect Auto. Perfect. Now the other thing about the center though is that it's also content is really based on the content. And so I kind of like waved my hand on this
Auto. Perfect. Now the other thing about the center though is that it's also content is really based on the content. And so I kind of like waved my hand on this I've brought it a reset like a CSS reset in here already that makes everything box sizing border box because that's more intuitive most of the time. But in this case, we're going to re-put it back to the default. So we're going to do box sizing. Sorry, let me make a little bit more notes here
I've brought it a reset like a CSS reset in here already that makes everything box sizing border box because that's more intuitive most of the time. But in this case, we're going to re-put it back to the default. So we're going to do box sizing. Sorry, let me make a little bit more notes here Box sizing. And let's do content box. Is that right? Yes. Let's do a semicolon there obviously. Okay, cool. And then just for now, let's do like just to give it a value for now. Let's do max inline size. So max dash inline. Dash size or just max in the next. Max inline dash size. Perfect
Box sizing. And let's do content box. Is that right? Yes. Let's do a semicolon there obviously. Okay, cool. And then just for now, let's do like just to give it a value for now. Let's do max inline size. So max dash inline. Dash size or just max in the next. Max inline dash size. Perfect Perfect. And let's give it like 500 pixels just for the fun of it. Just for now. So now let's go back up to the hero that where we put that data covered centered. And let's add us another attribute right next to so let's do do a space there and do data center
Perfect. And let's give it like 500 pixels just for the fun of it. Just for now. So now let's go back up to the hero that where we put that data covered centered. And let's add us another attribute right next to so let's do do a space there and do data center And you can see like because we put that next with there that it's automatically. Yeah, it's only going to cover that 500 pixels. And it's it's going to automatically whatever margin is available is going to put those in the inline direction on both sides
And you can see like because we put that next with there that it's automatically. Yeah, it's only going to cover that 500 pixels. And it's it's going to automatically whatever margin is available is going to put those in the inline direction on both sides Okay, and that's because in the HTML, we did it as the div on the h1. But would these still work if we added it to like a div down here? Yeah, we could put it on anything in here
Okay, and that's because in the HTML, we did it as the div on the h1. But would these still work if we added it to like a div down here? Yeah, we could put it on anything in here So if we're like, hey, that article or yeah, anything on here, we could just put it on anything that we want to have to be like horizontally centered. And then you don't necessarily need to wrap it
So if we're like, hey, that article or yeah, anything on here, we could just put it on anything that we want to have to be like horizontally centered. And then you don't necessarily need to wrap it You just if you have multiple things that you need to like have centered like that, you could wrap it. But if you'd like, hey, this article and just this article wants I want to be centered, you can go add that data attribute on that article
You just if you have multiple things that you need to like have centered like that, you could wrap it. But if you'd like, hey, this article and just this article wants I want to be centered, you can go add that data attribute on that article So I would just leave the article and then put it between article and class. Correct. Wow. Mine blowing, right? It is my love. It's fun seeing it like instantly too. Yeah, this is what I love about the front end. There's just you get such instant feedback for the things. So instant gratification
So I would just leave the article and then put it between article and class. Correct. Wow. Mine blowing, right? It is my love. It's fun seeing it like instantly too. Yeah, this is what I love about the front end. There's just you get such instant feedback for the things. So instant gratification Yeah, exactly. Now obviously 500 pixels, that's not something that it's going to translate. We want to maybe follow, but we need something to be more customizable. And so let's do similar to what we did with the max height. We're going to do with max width
Yeah, exactly. Now obviously 500 pixels, that's not something that it's going to translate. We want to maybe follow, but we need something to be more customizable. And so let's do similar to what we did with the max height. We're going to do with max width This is what the problem was I had max width on my brain because I was already looking at. So I screwed up what I was telling you to do. But yeah, let's go. Max width. Yeah, max width. And then let's do a comma. Let's do 100%. Just as a default
This is what the problem was I had max width on my brain because I was already looking at. So I screwed up what I was telling you to do. But yeah, let's go. Max width. Yeah, max width. And then let's do a comma. Let's do 100%. Just as a default Just as a default. Because by default, we don't necessarily want it to like squish word. Let's have it like just take up the entire with by default. And that should automatically update because we already have that. And the HTML. So in this case, we don't need to like do anything for this
Just as a default. Because by default, we don't necessarily want it to like squish word. Let's have it like just take up the entire with by default. And that should automatically update because we already have that. And the HTML. So in this case, we don't need to like do anything for this It's already like kind of covering that. So now we've achieved one of the most desired coveted things, which is a vertically centered content and a horizontally centered content. So now we've achieved Nervana on the web here. We made it done easy. We learned it all. We're done. We're experts. No
It's already like kind of covering that. So now we've achieved one of the most desired coveted things, which is a vertically centered content and a horizontally centered content. So now we've achieved Nervana on the web here. We made it done easy. We learned it all. We're done. We're experts. No We're experts. No. Just kidding. I know it is there's so much more there. But let's see. I want to make sure. Oh, yeah. So the really cool thing is we can we can take this even one step further. We can actually like look for specific values because these data attributes we can give them values
We're experts. No. Just kidding. I know it is there's so much more there. But let's see. I want to make sure. Oh, yeah. So the really cool thing is we can we can take this even one step further. We can actually like look for specific values because these data attributes we can give them values And we can do selections based off that. So right below data center there. So no, actually, sorry, we're going to do a whole new like so on a new new set of selections. So yeah. So let's do the brackets and we'll go data center again
And we can do selections based off that. So right below data center there. So no, actually, sorry, we're going to do a whole new like so on a new new set of selections. So yeah. So let's do the brackets and we'll go data center again Now this time though, we're going to do after the word center, we're going to do a tilde. So there's the button right next to the one, but you have to hit the shift key. Okay. I never knew that's what the name was. Now you know. We'll see if I remember that right now
Now this time though, we're going to do after the word center, we're going to do a tilde. So there's the button right next to the one, but you have to hit the shift key. Okay. I never knew that's what the name was. Now you know. We'll see if I remember that right now Tilda and we're going to do equals. And then we're going to inquote right center text, center-text. And so what this says is, hey, if somewhere the value that is given to data centered, if you can find that word center text in there, then let's do some extra styles
Tilda and we're going to do equals. And then we're going to inquote right center text, center-text. And so what this says is, hey, if somewhere the value that is given to data centered, if you can find that word center text in there, then let's do some extra styles So this way we can get we can anyway, you'll see the value of this in just a moment. So let's do the curly braces after the square bracket. All right. And the car you said that not far from the truth, I think about, you know, we found the holy grail of, you know, the centering for height and width
So this way we can get we can anyway, you'll see the value of this in just a moment. So let's do the curly braces after the square bracket. All right. And the car you said that not far from the truth, I think about, you know, we found the holy grail of, you know, the centering for height and width So all right, back to this. Okay. Appreciate it. So in center times, let's do text, dash, align, align, and then give that a property of center. So now we can go up to that data center. There are online five, I think, at NACEMO. Okay
So all right, back to this. Okay. Appreciate it. So in center times, let's do text, dash, align, align, and then give that a property of center. So now we can go up to that data center. There are online five, I think, at NACEMO. Okay Okay. And let's give that data center and let's make that equal center text. We got to put in quotes. Okay. That's not like I can tie it. So now, so now we're just by adding that value, we can, we can conditionally decide, we want to also center the text
Okay. And let's give that data center and let's make that equal center text. We got to put in quotes. Okay. That's not like I can tie it. So now, so now we're just by adding that value, we can, we can conditionally decide, we want to also center the text So we can use that data center, maybe go add it back to that dadbot or whatever one of those like jokes. And then we want to do this. And then we do data, dash center equals quotes. So no, let's do, let's do space
So we can use that data center, maybe go add it back to that dadbot or whatever one of those like jokes. And then we want to do this. And then we do data, dash center equals quotes. So no, let's do, let's do space And this one, because, and again, it's taking up that under which, so we can't actually see that a center just based off his content. But this one's not going to have the text center because we didn't add that attribute. But it still has all the other properties
And this one, because, and again, it's taking up that under which, so we can't actually see that a center just based off his content. But this one's not going to have the text center because we didn't add that attribute. But it still has all the other properties So this allows us to use that same thing and like really like, customize how we use each one. Okay. And that's why it's the unexpected error. I wonder what that, I don't. Oh, do you have a quote there still? No, not for data center. I don't know where that unexpected error is coming from
So this allows us to use that same thing and like really like, customize how we use each one. Okay. And that's why it's the unexpected error. I wonder what that, I don't. Oh, do you have a quote there still? No, not for data center. I don't know where that unexpected error is coming from I'll retive it because I might have put the quote in and then, whereas they're still an unexpected error, I just put you back to normal. I don't know. Oh, then maybe that was a grammar lease, like, combining. I don't know. Well, unexpected error is theirs
I'll retive it because I might have put the quote in and then, whereas they're still an unexpected error, I just put you back to normal. I don't know. Oh, then maybe that was a grammar lease, like, combining. I don't know. Well, unexpected error is theirs But if I double click on that, it tells me grammar lease. So I don't know. If it works, anyway. So that's one thing we can do. And if we want to have multiple, some other attributes, in this case, we want to maybe have like the children inside of it also to be centered. So we can do that
But if I double click on that, it tells me grammar lease. So I don't know. If it works, anyway. So that's one thing we can do. And if we want to have multiple, some other attributes, in this case, we want to maybe have like the children inside of it also to be centered. So we can do that So we can do that. Let's go back down to on 63. And we'll find let's copy and paste. Let's just grab everything that we wrote before. So for 60. From yeah, from 61 down to 62. Yeah, we have too many like cruellies now. Oh, because I did there we go. Perfect
So we can do that. Let's go back down to on 63. And we'll find let's copy and paste. Let's just grab everything that we wrote before. So for 60. From yeah, from 61 down to 62. Yeah, we have too many like cruellies now. Oh, because I did there we go. Perfect Perfect. But instead of center tags, change that to center children. There we go. And inside here is that let's remove that text-all-in center. And let's put display flex. Just play colon flex. Sorry. Okay. Yay. And then flex direction center on the new line. Sorry flex direction column
Perfect. But instead of center tags, change that to center children. There we go. And inside here is that let's remove that text-all-in center. And let's put display flex. Just play colon flex. Sorry. Okay. Yay. And then flex direction center on the new line. Sorry flex direction column Sorry, my brain is like thinking one step ahead of the direction as I'm giving you. What's direction? What column? There we go. And then align items. Align. That's items. Yes, flex box. Center. And August makes me really weird noises. Okay. Okay. So now we can go back up there to the that up above
Sorry, my brain is like thinking one step ahead of the direction as I'm giving you. What's direction? What column? There we go. And then align items. Align. That's items. Yes, flex box. Center. And August makes me really weird noises. Okay. Okay. So now we can go back up there to the that up above Or actually let's do that to that article just so you can see what happens. Let's go equals. And then do center children. Yeah, center children. Let's just see what happens there. And then. Okay. You did it to it. Yeah. So you can potentially like center the children if you wanted to
Or actually let's do that to that article just so you can see what happens. Let's go equals. And then do center children. Yeah, center children. Let's just see what happens there. And then. Okay. You did it to it. Yeah. So you can potentially like center the children if you wanted to Or you can do both. You can do center children space center text. And it will because we did that till the it says it's going to take each of those words that we put in there. And and and delimited by the space
Or you can do both. You can do center children space center text. And it will because we did that till the it says it's going to take each of those words that we put in there. And and and delimited by the space And if it can find a word that says center children or center tags, it will it will apply the styles. And dog is really upset at you. I'm going to go kick her out of this room. I will be right back. Welcome. This is now my show
And if it can find a word that says center children or center tags, it will it will apply the styles. And dog is really upset at you. I'm going to go kick her out of this room. I will be right back. Welcome. This is now my show I'm going to say whatever I want because Jen kicked her out of the room. I'm just kidding. The fun of live TV everybody. The fun of say some offensive stuff. Whatever. Rude. I should have said stuff like by the way, Jen endorses everything I say. I am learning a lot from everything you say
I'm going to say whatever I want because Jen kicked her out of the room. I'm just kidding. The fun of live TV everybody. The fun of say some offensive stuff. Whatever. Rude. I should have said stuff like by the way, Jen endorses everything I say. I am learning a lot from everything you say So I appreciate it. Okay. Sorry for the rude him to option from my dog. All right. So we were doing center children center text. And in this case, because the the text isn't wrapping. You can't see that the the text is actually a line center. Okay
So I appreciate it. Okay. Sorry for the rude him to option from my dog. All right. So we were doing center children center text. And in this case, because the the text isn't wrapping. You can't see that the the text is actually a line center. Okay Okay. But so let's let's remove it off that article because that's not how we're going to do in the long run. Just really want to just show you like let's remove all that data center. Oh, okay. The let's let's go on but just to make make it clear what's happening here
Okay. But so let's let's remove it off that article because that's not how we're going to do in the long run. Just really want to just show you like let's remove all that data center. Oh, okay. The let's let's go on but just to make make it clear what's happening here Let's go up to backup to that div. And let's add that center text. Sorry, the data center. Let's do center children on that. And do I do it inside of the quotes inside the quotes? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Cool. And uh, that's children right? Yep
Let's go up to backup to that div. And let's add that center text. Sorry, the data center. Let's do center children on that. And do I do it inside of the quotes inside the quotes? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Cool. And uh, that's children right? Yep And then next, next to outside of the quotes, we're going to do a style. And we're going to define that max width. Um, it's in quotes. Yeah. And we go dash dash max width. Cool. And let's do yeah, 500 pixels was went out
And then next, next to outside of the quotes, we're going to do a style. And we're going to define that max width. Um, it's in quotes. Yeah. And we go dash dash max width. Cool. And let's do yeah, 500 pixels was went out And then let's maybe bump up the uh, or bring down the font just so you can see that exactly what that's going to do. Still have a scene. Let's I really want to make that text wrap. Let's change 500 pixels. Let's let's go. I made it too big that I can't like see enough. There we go. 500 pixels to
And then let's maybe bump up the uh, or bring down the font just so you can see that exactly what that's going to do. Still have a scene. Let's I really want to make that text wrap. Let's change 500 pixels. Let's let's go. I made it too big that I can't like see enough. There we go. 500 pixels to 500 pixels to. Let's let's go like 100 pixels. Let's just really exaggerate it. And do we? Oh, that one's wrapping. Yeah, that one's wrapping. Let's go back to the center. Um, the data center in the CSS. Sorry. Let's make sure max and my size
500 pixels to. Let's let's go like 100 pixels. Let's just really exaggerate it. And do we? Oh, that one's wrapping. Yeah, that one's wrapping. Let's go back to the center. Um, the data center in the CSS. Sorry. Let's make sure max and my size And just because I move that up doesn't mean I wanted everything else to move. There we go. That's what it's interesting. Let's uh, let's give it like 10 pixels. Go back up to the, that max width where we were defining that. And let's give it 10 pixels. Let's just really exaggerate that
And just because I move that up doesn't mean I wanted everything else to move. There we go. That's what it's interesting. Let's uh, let's give it like 10 pixels. Go back up to the, that max width where we were defining that. And let's give it 10 pixels. Let's just really exaggerate that I mean, I would have it right there. Um, yeah, it's not. We have more that are doing that. I'm confused. What? We're doing deses max width. I'm going to make it bigger just to see if it'll. I mean, it's doing it now. Yeah, I just wouldn't. It should be like, like really small max width there
I mean, I would have it right there. Um, yeah, it's not. We have more that are doing that. I'm confused. What? We're doing deses max width. I'm going to make it bigger just to see if it'll. I mean, it's doing it now. Yeah, I just wouldn't. It should be like, like really small max width there You don't data center max inline size. That's that's what. Oh, on 59, we got to put var in front of that. Uh, over here. Yeah. Oh, we go. So let's change that back to 500 pixels. Um, I was like, that should have been like, right. Yay. So yeah, this is, so now we can see how that's working
You don't data center max inline size. That's that's what. Oh, on 59, we got to put var in front of that. Uh, over here. Yeah. Oh, we go. So let's change that back to 500 pixels. Um, I was like, that should have been like, right. Yay. So yeah, this is, so now we can see how that's working We can, now we can use the center now. In any way we want, we can mix a match and kind of custom, really customize it for the situation. And sometimes we don't want text line center or sometimes we don't want the children centered. We still want them to be left aligned inside that box
We can, now we can use the center now. In any way we want, we can mix a match and kind of custom, really customize it for the situation. And sometimes we don't want text line center or sometimes we don't want the children centered. We still want them to be left aligned inside that box But sometimes we want everything just like totally centered. Um, so that that's what it gives us all those options that we can use. Just this one data attribute to cover all those options though. Very cool, very cool. And I, I mean, there was a lot to learn here
But sometimes we want everything just like totally centered. Um, so that that's what it gives us all those options that we can use. Just this one data attribute to cover all those options though. Very cool, very cool. And I, I mean, there was a lot to learn here But like at the same time, it's so intuitive. Maybe it's not. Maybe it's just, but I feel like it's so many people. It's only seems like it. We, we kind of like get really bogged down in the, the, the how we got there with like display flex and all that stuff. And we kind of forget
But like at the same time, it's so intuitive. Maybe it's not. Maybe it's just, but I feel like it's so many people. It's only seems like it. We, we kind of like get really bogged down in the, the, the how we got there with like display flex and all that stuff. And we kind of forget We get caught in it. We don't see the forest for the tree. It's kind of thing. And we really, what we're trying to achieve is this cover layout and then a center layout. And we're composing those together to make this vertically and horizontally centered content
We get caught in it. We don't see the forest for the tree. It's kind of thing. And we really, what we're trying to achieve is this cover layout and then a center layout. And we're composing those together to make this vertically and horizontally centered content Anyway, so that's why I really like to think of a web layout in this way. Also, because I don't want to sit there and remember every single time all these properties. I need to have this combination of properties. You can define at once
Anyway, so that's why I really like to think of a web layout in this way. Also, because I don't want to sit there and remember every single time all these properties. I need to have this combination of properties. You can define at once And now you bring these into any project and just go, Hey, this is a centered and I'm going to, I want the center and I want this as using a cover pattern. So okay. Now we can either have 10 minutes left or 40 minutes left, whatever you want to cover
And now you bring these into any project and just go, Hey, this is a centered and I'm going to, I want the center and I want this as using a cover pattern. So okay. Now we can either have 10 minutes left or 40 minutes left, whatever you want to cover Because I was scheduled them for an hour and a half, but I think the attention span is like an hour. Although sometimes we get a little stuck and need to, that extra half an hour
Because I was scheduled them for an hour and a half, but I think the attention span is like an hour. Although sometimes we get a little stuck and need to, that extra half an hour Is there anything else that you wanted to make sure we covered today to do bedrock? That is what Anthony spin up bedrock is what you spin up bedrock. You want me to actually do it with bedrock itself
Is there anything else that you wanted to make sure we covered today to do bedrock? That is what Anthony spin up bedrock is what you spin up bedrock. You want me to actually do it with bedrock itself Just to make things just so you can see the value of using bedrock and not having to recreate these. What's going to the settings up above there? And go to the CSS and you can see the CSS that's being imported. Scroll down on the right side there. And you can see I'm brought in, keep scrolling
Just to make things just so you can see the value of using bedrock and not having to recreate these. What's going to the settings up above there? And go to the CSS and you can see the CSS that's being imported. Scroll down on the right side there. And you can see I'm brought in, keep scrolling Yeah, so right now I'm using open props and you can see I've got this bedrock layout. This lit. So go down into there and you'll see bedrock layout. So you say 2.0.3 and just remove everything after that. After 2.0. Yeah. Okay. So and then close and hopefully nothing breaks. Perfect
Yeah, so right now I'm using open props and you can see I've got this bedrock layout. This lit. So go down into there and you'll see bedrock layout. So you say 2.0.3 and just remove everything after that. After 2.0. Yeah. Okay. So and then close and hopefully nothing breaks. Perfect Perfect. So let's go into now we can just close the CSS because we don't need need anymore. We're just going to live in HTML and the rest of this time. I don't even know how to close it. Yeah. So let's first thing we want to do in this main section
Perfect. So let's go into now we can just close the CSS because we don't need need anymore. We're just going to live in HTML and the rest of this time. I don't even know how to close it. Yeah. So let's first thing we want to do in this main section You'll see these like top jokes and then a whole bunch of like cards and then there's another set of jokes. So what in on main we want this to be a stack. So right next to the. Real quick
You'll see these like top jokes and then a whole bunch of like cards and then there's another set of jokes. So what in on main we want this to be a stack. So right next to the. Real quick Real quick. I have Anthony posted about what y'all did with JS GM FS GM wow I can't even talk today and then explain siled components. You've abstracted it out but still it's probably relevant to mention. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah I was on Anthony's podcast of us jam
Real quick. I have Anthony posted about what y'all did with JS GM FS GM wow I can't even talk today and then explain siled components. You've abstracted it out but still it's probably relevant to mention. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah I was on Anthony's podcast of us jam And I think I'm due to come back on right Anthony I'm just kidding. That was just a joke. Like two things that Anthony told me when I first met him what where don't worry about web 3 yet. He's like it's you're you're not there don't worry unless you really really want to
And I think I'm due to come back on right Anthony I'm just kidding. That was just a joke. Like two things that Anthony told me when I first met him what where don't worry about web 3 yet. He's like it's you're you're not there don't worry unless you really really want to And then also his podcast may be too technical at this point for me. And I was like there enough so that's why I'm always like oh yeah he has podcast because I'm not listening to it. So yes go back on it
And then also his podcast may be too technical at this point for me. And I was like there enough so that's why I'm always like oh yeah he has podcast because I'm not listening to it. So yes go back on it And then I will listen to the first one and the second one and see if I finally start to understand these things. Yeah no worries. So yeah the the main version of better client built and react using style components
And then I will listen to the first one and the second one and see if I finally start to understand these things. Yeah no worries. So yeah the the main version of better client built and react using style components Style components is a library that allows you to write CSS and it gets it generates the CSS on the fly at run time. So as you so you can basically like define like this is how I want the CSS to be built depending on the context
Style components is a library that allows you to write CSS and it gets it generates the CSS on the fly at run time. So as you so you can basically like define like this is how I want the CSS to be built depending on the context And then style components based off the context is actually being used builds the CSS as you go
And then style components based off the context is actually being used builds the CSS as you go There's there's some trade-offs to that but like for the for most people's apps it's probably it's perfectly fine because you get some nice cool benefits with that as well you get like you don't have to download a separate CSS she and all that stuff it just all comes in then style commands builds it
There's there's some trade-offs to that but like for the for most people's apps it's probably it's perfectly fine because you get some nice cool benefits with that as well you get like you don't have to download a separate CSS she and all that stuff it just all comes in then style commands builds it You do have a question from Bakari of what is the best way to become a badass at CSS in JS. Use it a lot. Just do a lot build a lot of crap. He did say that he was going to take your course for sure. And yay Anthony said I finally graduated to be able to listen to it
You do have a question from Bakari of what is the best way to become a badass at CSS in JS. Use it a lot. Just do a lot build a lot of crap. He did say that he was going to take your course for sure. And yay Anthony said I finally graduated to be able to listen to it Anthony you weren't here earlier but I was telling Travis you're like the big brother that is like really not big brother like like very like you're going to do this and learn it in like a really caring way. Like I think that's the best way of saying it
Anthony you weren't here earlier but I was telling Travis you're like the big brother that is like really not big brother like like very like you're going to do this and learn it in like a really caring way. Like I think that's the best way of saying it So that way I like learned the best structure. I don't know maybe that made sense but so what we're doing here though is like an abstraction from the original library that was built in React and all that it's just a CSS framework behind it so that's what we're going to be doing here
So that way I like learned the best structure. I don't know maybe that made sense but so what we're doing here though is like an abstraction from the original library that was built in React and all that it's just a CSS framework behind it so that's what we're going to be doing here So in main let's have you go to me sorry you were right there like so after the remain I want you to write the word data bedrock that is dashbedrock inside the class right yeah data dashbedrock dash stack
So in main let's have you go to me sorry you were right there like so after the remain I want you to write the word data bedrock that is dashbedrock inside the class right yeah data dashbedrock dash stack Yeah so by default this is going to like stack everything inside that more viability lavendry section but what we want to do is we want to put some gaps in there so we can see that content sorry so let's do style in the same area yeah so go space style equals and in quotes do dash dash gutter oh gutter sorry butter I heard scatter and I'm like I don't I don't know if I know how to spell scatter either
Yeah so by default this is going to like stack everything inside that more viability lavendry section but what we want to do is we want to put some gaps in there so we can see that content sorry so let's do style in the same area yeah so go space style equals and in quotes do dash dash gutter oh gutter sorry butter I heard scatter and I'm like I don't I don't know if I know how to spell scatter either of encolon and let's do like um to ram and sorry r-e-m like the band that should assuming that it brought in everything work interesting oh let's see your stack yeah that's how you do that's how you spell stack that a bedrock stack well it's just go up it could be just a missing word letter somewhere I will tell you that the kari and I had to learn that the hard way uh instead of payments I put payment somewhere just the draw stack man you got a bad front stack or no one out there gutter GUWTER yeah well no I'm curious did it actually bring it in this do I need the back to settings yeah let's go into let's see if it actually brought it in okay and then you see it says yep and then all the way down you might need to wait so copy everything you have there um remove it and then paste it back in paste it in the one underneath yeah lose you're gonna save anywhere right no there's no save or in fact no in fact the at dot 2
of encolon and let's do like um to ram and sorry r-e-m like the band that should assuming that it brought in everything work interesting oh let's see your stack yeah that's how you do that's how you spell stack that a bedrock stack well it's just go up it could be just a missing word letter somewhere I will tell you that the kari and I had to learn that the hard way uh instead of payments I put payment somewhere just the draw stack man you got a bad front stack or no one out there gutter GUWTER yeah well no I'm curious did it actually bring it in this do I need the back to settings yeah let's go into let's see if it actually brought it in okay and then you see it says yep and then all the way down you might need to wait so copy everything you have there um remove it and then paste it back in paste it in the one underneath yeah lose you're gonna save anywhere right no there's no save or in fact no in fact the at dot 20 that three let's maybe get rid of that all right please why is that not working it still says unexpected error and I don't know why she meant if we like if you go get the debug the code let's go to that so if you right click on like top jokes and in the e-sumilder oh and then inspect inspect yeah okay cool oh I'm so excited I love debugging because I'm learning so much yeah just highlight the word main there yeah click and it is yeah the down and bad front stack it's coming in there um hover over on the right hand side there you'll see gutter go down there click it yeah it's getting that too ram is it trying to read some of the CSS we already wrote oh I just realized it is probably working I'm looking at the wrong thing I'm not thinking that okay go ahead and close this I know not realize okay scroll down from like the top jokes like scroll um in between top jokes and food jokes there's two runs between the word food jokes and that section of cards right right there that's the two I have in my mind something different like okay so we're going to do the same thing you can with the section okay let's do a data bad rock stack again for in section yeah in that section um back and then same style style this is the the fun of live streaming you need to see even like experience people forget and let's let's do one round here and it's a double dash for the like really good and then there we go now we have our spacing yay yeah and then let's do that to the other section as well the same exact thing so so yeah right above food jokes we'll do data bedrun yeah yay it's so pretty awesome so next thing we I want to do is just show you how to do like there's the grid of columns so and we want to have like a responsive set of columns that will like take up as much room as they possibly can but as it runs out of with it will you know reorganize themselves oh okay so to do that so on the um around each of the articles so let's go back into the top jokes yeah let's wrap that in a div all of them or just this one all the articles yeah we need to close this div just I was like I have a feeling we're going back there but I need to move sure to close my div yeah so write a oh not there one more down before article or after article after article yeah okay not div oh yeah I think I did the same thing up here oh I did do div okay so yeah I have my div not that so we're going to use data bedrock grid bye Anthony enjoy lunch have a good one thanks for jumping on and rock grid yep and we want to set the minimum item width on these so let's do space so let's do style so actually before that let's set a getter um so sorry in style we'll still do style equals um I found this on the web I don't remember how I we wrote this one it's a dash that's better dash dash it's yeah before it's one um yeah let's do one rem and then do a semi calling before after the quote after rem after no before the quote after the program okay and that's based because we're going to define the second property here and we're going to go dash dash min item width oh sorry item is will be a capital so oh okay then item width and let's see I'm trying to see what a good size would be let's do let's do no no two rem just for the fun we can play around with this oh cool now just so you can see that is what what is doing now let's change that to like 20 CH now CH that basically means 20 characters oh what is rem in rem stands for root the art stands for root and I'm also like having a blank with the eams but the eams basically means the font size so that's typically means 16 pixels but it could be different for so if you're in a header the eams are going to be higher so if you want things to be consistent no matter where they are even inside of header you would use rems so as you can see here if you go back up as it's taking up the each one of these boxes has to be at least 20 I changed it to 25 but if they can take up more space they will they're they're going to try to put as many of these cards in a row they can without making them smaller than 25 rems and if that's the case and they'll move them to another line and yeah and you can see like as you move things around it's going to adjust that and make them as wide as possible in each of these cases I got excited now I want to do the other one so the other one we're going to do something very similar okay I'm good too excited so actually let's just copy that let's just bring the whole like data grid over so yeah let's let's do yeah so it's going to look cool this then there's definitely a pattern for this style for this but instead of doing grid let's do something a little bit more fun change it to data bedrock column dash drop dash rock drop DRRP I didn't I just didn't remember far enough uh um let's see here and then let's pull it out let's make it a little bit wide no not pull it out sorry let's let's make the screen a little bit wider these should be like oh that's cool so it's kind of does the same things as the um the grid but instead of like the that those columns like translating all the way down to all the rows each time the the content drops to a new row the columns are reset and that's why I call it column drop so oh this is fine so yeah and maybe maybe change this one to 20 CH so you can set a minimum with 25 let's change that to 20 just see see interesting yeah it basically like once it gets to a certain point it's just gonna stack everything and in fact both of them yeah could just me make it a little smaller perfect there we go let's do the 20 if you want to do the 25 if that it does it if I just move this right it shows the difference I like that because it shows like right here how it just does this one's the largest and needs to take up all the room yeah this is cool so we could have recreated all these ourselves and showed you but this is what my library gives you is that you can just use these layout patterns automatically by yourself you don't have to think about recreating these you can just go oh I want to have a grid pattern here I want to call them drop pattern here and there's a whole bunch of other ones in there this is so cool so that's the idea of this is just to help you like not have to like think about like layout like you're just like think about like what you want to do and then this library helps you achieve it and then you can get back to like making it pretty and doing all the other things that are fun to do okay so last question before you go how did you end up creating this and deciding to do this because it's really cool and that's my curiosity question it's a crazy thing so I've been I've been obviously like working on this for stuff in the industry for a bit I was specifically though part of a design system team a company called R1 and we were building our design system and component library and I wanted to get permission to open source it and I couldn't and so this is a short story like basically I'm like well I'm going to show you I'm going to make an open source library anyway that does some of these not everything that we were building in the design system but just the parts that I was having the most fun at the time building which were these layout patterns these component patterns and the yeah and so that's what I did I built it out originally using just reaction style components and as I've gone I've just continued to like just find new and more fun ways to like just keep building this this was worth a CSS library now it's come from so I dig it this is really cool and thank you for coming on today because this taught me a ton and actually made it not seen as scary to build a website because on the front end you know eventually I Anthony taught me about making a react app with Vite and Versailles and then Ramon taught me about making an API with express and I'm like between all of these I'm just going to be able to make a whole web app it's just gonna be like the masterful stack app developer eventually eventually I need to go watch all the old ones and be like you're gonna have to change the title from teach gen to gen teaches you shit or I know no no I'm like I have a podcast called shit you don't want to talk about I'm like whatever um yes I and that's a big thing I think is something that's so cool about the tech community is it's like you learn build then teach and you always pay it forward and that's a big reason I wanted to learn these live is because it gives somebody an idea of where it was you know to start with something and then yeah eventually I'll be building more instead of learning as much but there's still so much out there to understand that I'm like I don't even know what direction to going yeah oh and you're always learning there's like things that I was like just like learning about today um just before the stream working on stuff at work that like it was a situation I've never run in before and it was like you're like oh I can do this this is something that exists and maybe it didn't exist two or three years ago and that's why I didn't know about it so yeah that's what I love about this industry is that like you're never gonna be caught up so there's a little bit anxiety for that but there's also a lot of fun because you're always learning and I love the always I like to look at it as I'm always learning part of it I did that and I think that is also something that I do appreciate that Anthony is always telling me about documentation and I'm also gonna have um you've got a four dz I know our four dz or m4 dz is gonna be coming on and teaching about documentation to which I think that's gonna be so important as to when you have to learn something new of being able to understand how someone goes through and does it because for myself something I've always struggled at is somebody would be like okay go do this here's instructions but it doesn't always make sense without being able to see someone do it or like be able to ask questions like today so I really appreciate you going through and just Twitter is makes things so accessible and so does discord there's like so many discord and slack channels and communities that people you can do tech it is possible and yeah there's some crazy like gatekeeping tech people but I'd say most of them are there all went through a lot of crap to get where they are and they know how hard it was and they like you said they want to pay it forward even if they aren't full-time like mentoring their most people in hell are totally willing to like answer questions help people like tech twitter's so much more approachable than most people even realize agreed and and I will say something that may give people like that idea that they don't want to teach is the fact that it's not necessarily they don't want to they don't understand how to explain it or have the practice of how to explain it to a newbie and again it is feeling of itself exactly yeah so thank you once again and you I don't know what you'll be coming on the show again but I'm definitely going to be hitting you up after I understand stuff more so maybe a month to six months I'll be like yo Travis you've got to come back because there was a lot of knowledge dropped today and I appreciate that well exactly and you'll probably get like 10% remember 10% of what you learned today but that is why they're recorded exactly but 100 hit me up anytime awesome thank you Travis bye everyone yeah
0 that three let's maybe get rid of that all right please why is that not working it still says unexpected error and I don't know why she meant if we like if you go get the debug the code let's go to that so if you right click on like top jokes and in the e-sumilder oh and then inspect inspect yeah okay cool oh I'm so excited I love debugging because I'm learning so much yeah just highlight the word main there yeah click and it is yeah the down and bad front stack it's coming in there um hover over on the right hand side there you'll see gutter go down there click it yeah it's getting that too ram is it trying to read some of the CSS we already wrote oh I just realized it is probably working I'm looking at the wrong thing I'm not thinking that okay go ahead and close this I know not realize okay scroll down from like the top jokes like scroll um in between top jokes and food jokes there's two runs between the word food jokes and that section of cards right right there that's the two I have in my mind something different like okay so we're going to do the same thing you can with the section okay let's do a data bad rock stack again for in section yeah in that section um back and then same style style this is the the fun of live streaming you need to see even like experience people forget and let's let's do one round here and it's a double dash for the like really good and then there we go now we have our spacing yay yeah and then let's do that to the other section as well the same exact thing so so yeah right above food jokes we'll do data bedrun yeah yay it's so pretty awesome so next thing we I want to do is just show you how to do like there's the grid of columns so and we want to have like a responsive set of columns that will like take up as much room as they possibly can but as it runs out of with it will you know reorganize themselves oh okay so to do that so on the um around each of the articles so let's go back into the top jokes yeah let's wrap that in a div all of them or just this one all the articles yeah we need to close this div just I was like I have a feeling we're going back there but I need to move sure to close my div yeah so write a oh not there one more down before article or after article after article yeah okay not div oh yeah I think I did the same thing up here oh I did do div okay so yeah I have my div not that so we're going to use data bedrock grid bye Anthony enjoy lunch have a good one thanks for jumping on and rock grid yep and we want to set the minimum item width on these so let's do space so let's do style so actually before that let's set a getter um so sorry in style we'll still do style equals um I found this on the web I don't remember how I we wrote this one it's a dash that's better dash dash it's yeah before it's one um yeah let's do one rem and then do a semi calling before after the quote after rem after no before the quote after the program okay and that's based because we're going to define the second property here and we're going to go dash dash min item width oh sorry item is will be a capital so oh okay then item width and let's see I'm trying to see what a good size would be let's do let's do no no two rem just for the fun we can play around with this oh cool now just so you can see that is what what is doing now let's change that to like 20 CH now CH that basically means 20 characters oh what is rem in rem stands for root the art stands for root and I'm also like having a blank with the eams but the eams basically means the font size so that's typically means 16 pixels but it could be different for so if you're in a header the eams are going to be higher so if you want things to be consistent no matter where they are even inside of header you would use rems so as you can see here if you go back up as it's taking up the each one of these boxes has to be at least 20 I changed it to 25 but if they can take up more space they will they're they're going to try to put as many of these cards in a row they can without making them smaller than 25 rems and if that's the case and they'll move them to another line and yeah and you can see like as you move things around it's going to adjust that and make them as wide as possible in each of these cases I got excited now I want to do the other one so the other one we're going to do something very similar okay I'm good too excited so actually let's just copy that let's just bring the whole like data grid over so yeah let's let's do yeah so it's going to look cool this then there's definitely a pattern for this style for this but instead of doing grid let's do something a little bit more fun change it to data bedrock column dash drop dash rock drop DRRP I didn't I just didn't remember far enough uh um let's see here and then let's pull it out let's make it a little bit wide no not pull it out sorry let's let's make the screen a little bit wider these should be like oh that's cool so it's kind of does the same things as the um the grid but instead of like the that those columns like translating all the way down to all the rows each time the the content drops to a new row the columns are reset and that's why I call it column drop so oh this is fine so yeah and maybe maybe change this one to 20 CH so you can set a minimum with 25 let's change that to 20 just see see interesting yeah it basically like once it gets to a certain point it's just gonna stack everything and in fact both of them yeah could just me make it a little smaller perfect there we go let's do the 20 if you want to do the 25 if that it does it if I just move this right it shows the difference I like that because it shows like right here how it just does this one's the largest and needs to take up all the room yeah this is cool so we could have recreated all these ourselves and showed you but this is what my library gives you is that you can just use these layout patterns automatically by yourself you don't have to think about recreating these you can just go oh I want to have a grid pattern here I want to call them drop pattern here and there's a whole bunch of other ones in there this is so cool so that's the idea of this is just to help you like not have to like think about like layout like you're just like think about like what you want to do and then this library helps you achieve it and then you can get back to like making it pretty and doing all the other things that are fun to do okay so last question before you go how did you end up creating this and deciding to do this because it's really cool and that's my curiosity question it's a crazy thing so I've been I've been obviously like working on this for stuff in the industry for a bit I was specifically though part of a design system team a company called R1 and we were building our design system and component library and I wanted to get permission to open source it and I couldn't and so this is a short story like basically I'm like well I'm going to show you I'm going to make an open source library anyway that does some of these not everything that we were building in the design system but just the parts that I was having the most fun at the time building which were these layout patterns these component patterns and the yeah and so that's what I did I built it out originally using just reaction style components and as I've gone I've just continued to like just find new and more fun ways to like just keep building this this was worth a CSS library now it's come from so I dig it this is really cool and thank you for coming on today because this taught me a ton and actually made it not seen as scary to build a website because on the front end you know eventually I Anthony taught me about making a react app with Vite and Versailles and then Ramon taught me about making an API with express and I'm like between all of these I'm just going to be able to make a whole web app it's just gonna be like the masterful stack app developer eventually eventually I need to go watch all the old ones and be like you're gonna have to change the title from teach gen to gen teaches you shit or I know no no I'm like I have a podcast called shit you don't want to talk about I'm like whatever um yes I and that's a big thing I think is something that's so cool about the tech community is it's like you learn build then teach and you always pay it forward and that's a big reason I wanted to learn these live is because it gives somebody an idea of where it was you know to start with something and then yeah eventually I'll be building more instead of learning as much but there's still so much out there to understand that I'm like I don't even know what direction to going yeah oh and you're always learning there's like things that I was like just like learning about today um just before the stream working on stuff at work that like it was a situation I've never run in before and it was like you're like oh I can do this this is something that exists and maybe it didn't exist two or three years ago and that's why I didn't know about it so yeah that's what I love about this industry is that like you're never gonna be caught up so there's a little bit anxiety for that but there's also a lot of fun because you're always learning and I love the always I like to look at it as I'm always learning part of it I did that and I think that is also something that I do appreciate that Anthony is always telling me about documentation and I'm also gonna have um you've got a four dz I know our four dz or m4 dz is gonna be coming on and teaching about documentation to which I think that's gonna be so important as to when you have to learn something new of being able to understand how someone goes through and does it because for myself something I've always struggled at is somebody would be like okay go do this here's instructions but it doesn't always make sense without being able to see someone do it or like be able to ask questions like today so I really appreciate you going through and just Twitter is makes things so accessible and so does discord there's like so many discord and slack channels and communities that people you can do tech it is possible and yeah there's some crazy like gatekeeping tech people but I'd say most of them are there all went through a lot of crap to get where they are and they know how hard it was and they like you said they want to pay it forward even if they aren't full-time like mentoring their most people in hell are totally willing to like answer questions help people like tech twitter's so much more approachable than most people even realize agreed and and I will say something that may give people like that idea that they don't want to teach is the fact that it's not necessarily they don't want to they don't understand how to explain it or have the practice of how to explain it to a newbie and again it is feeling of itself exactly yeah so thank you once again and you I don't know what you'll be coming on the show again but I'm definitely going to be hitting you up after I understand stuff more so maybe a month to six months I'll be like yo Travis you've got to come back because there was a lot of knowledge dropped today and I appreciate that well exactly and you'll probably get like 10% remember 10% of what you learned today but that is why they're recorded exactly but 100 hit me up anytime awesome thank you Travis bye everyone yeah