Hello, hello beautiful humans. Thank you again for joining Teach Gen Tech. Today we have Anthony on the show and I think you were a second episode. Number two. Yeah, please introduce yourself and what we're going to be learning about today. Hello, everyone. Happy to be back Happy to be back. This was really fun show to be on the first time and I've gotten to watch kind of the progression of it over the last. We were just talking about this. He said it was like a month and like two, some month and two weeks or so, a month and a half about since we started I think
Happy to be back. This was really fun show to be on the first time and I've gotten to watch kind of the progression of it over the last. We were just talking about this. He said it was like a month and like two, some month and two weeks or so, a month and a half about since we started I think And you've already done a ton of shows like like 15, 20 somewhere on there. Yeah, I think I'm right around there. Yeah, that's a lot like I don't know anyone who usually like started streaming just like that many, especially doing a show like this
And you've already done a ton of shows like like 15, 20 somewhere on there. Yeah, I think I'm right around there. Yeah, that's a lot like I don't know anyone who usually like started streaming just like that many, especially doing a show like this Like most people like kind of like a slow roll into it. So yeah, I was like full, full commit four days a week. We got this. And that's crazy. So yeah, great job at that. And you've gotten to meet a lot of like my friends and a lot of people I don't know also
Like most people like kind of like a slow roll into it. So yeah, I was like full, full commit four days a week. We got this. And that's crazy. So yeah, great job at that. And you've gotten to meet a lot of like my friends and a lot of people I don't know also So there's been guests that I had never been aware of or had seen their stuff either. So that was awesome. So it was cool that like you have like you build up a network already, you know. It's it will. And for everybody watching it was like two main people that like gave me the courage to start
So there's been guests that I had never been aware of or had seen their stuff either. So that was awesome. So it was cool that like you have like you build up a network already, you know. It's it will. And for everybody watching it was like two main people that like gave me the courage to start It was remote and gave me like the idea of peer programming and then Anthony was like, yeah, you should definitely do it. It's a great way of learning. And then I met Yere who was episode one. Oh, hey, I'm talking about you. Yere
It was remote and gave me like the idea of peer programming and then Anthony was like, yeah, you should definitely do it. It's a great way of learning. And then I met Yere who was episode one. Oh, hey, I'm talking about you. Yere Yere. And I met him on a Wednesday after I met Ramon and Anthony and he's like, cool, let's do it on Friday. Like, all right. Yeah, we're just I'm starting this cool. And yes, that was five or six weeks ago. Just just so crazy. So thank you for
Yere. And I met him on a Wednesday after I met Ramon and Anthony and he's like, cool, let's do it on Friday. Like, all right. Yeah, we're just I'm starting this cool. And yes, that was five or six weeks ago. Just just so crazy. So thank you for So thank you for. One of the most important things you think you learn, like, I like some high level. High level things. I will say I think that Mishko summed it up the best on everything is very, very simple. It's repetition and building upon it that is what makes, you know, any of it work
So thank you for. One of the most important things you think you learn, like, I like some high level. High level things. I will say I think that Mishko summed it up the best on everything is very, very simple. It's repetition and building upon it that is what makes, you know, any of it work Like he was talking about how we told this kids this. It's actually really, really great advice in the fact of a lot of this isn't too complicated
Like he was talking about how we told this kids this. It's actually really, really great advice in the fact of a lot of this isn't too complicated It's more of it looks really scary and then being able to ask people to fill in the gaps is probably one of the biggest things and that's even peat like over 50 years of knowledge on one of the streams. People may not see the error of not having an S
It's more of it looks really scary and then being able to ask people to fill in the gaps is probably one of the biggest things and that's even peat like over 50 years of knowledge on one of the streams. People may not see the error of not having an S Or having an extra S because these type of things happen to everyone and I can do it, even though I'm dyslexic
Or having an extra S because these type of things happen to everyone and I can do it, even though I'm dyslexic And I will say that since doing so much more in JavaScript, I can now tell a lot more of the differences between JavaScript and HTML and CSS, where on episode one with Yare, I was like, what are we doing? I tried to do it
And I will say that since doing so much more in JavaScript, I can now tell a lot more of the differences between JavaScript and HTML and CSS, where on episode one with Yare, I was like, what are we doing? I tried to do it So it's, and everybody has their own way of doing things, even though this is a very, very broad, like there's so many people in this industry, everybody has their own unique way of doing it, which I'm learning as well. But things are starting to click repetition is key. No, it's been great
So it's, and everybody has their own way of doing things, even though this is a very, very broad, like there's so many people in this industry, everybody has their own unique way of doing it, which I'm learning as well. But things are starting to click repetition is key. No, it's been great And you've also got to see different topics build on each other, because you did react with me on our episode and then later you did a next project
And you've also got to see different topics build on each other, because you did react with me on our episode and then later you did a next project And so what was that like, do you feel like that made react easier? Do you feel you may have more complicated
And so what was that like, do you feel like that made react easier? Do you feel you may have more complicated I, one thing that I would would say from comparing to like, I took a semester of CSS or some there, I took a semester of some coding language is I've been given very complicated concepts and then it's, it mostly makes sense and then seeing it from somebody else's point of view, can confuse it and then also make it make more sense
I, one thing that I would would say from comparing to like, I took a semester of CSS or some there, I took a semester of some coding language is I've been given very complicated concepts and then it's, it mostly makes sense and then seeing it from somebody else's point of view, can confuse it and then also make it make more sense In the fact of I learned react with you, then the next JS with a react wrapper for web payments for square with Bacari and then having what have been and then having Richard on from square
In the fact of I learned react with you, then the next JS with a react wrapper for web payments for square with Bacari and then having what have been and then having Richard on from square He had me do it just the react app, which made what you taught me make more sense and also distinguishing between next and react and how the wrapper worked
He had me do it just the react app, which made what you taught me make more sense and also distinguishing between next and react and how the wrapper worked So it was It builds upon each other, but it also the framework still get a little little fuzzy, but sometime this month, I'm also going to have my first look at Python, not because I want to learn a ton about Python, like I'm not thinking that I want to go that way, but I know nothing about it
So it was It builds upon each other, but it also the framework still get a little little fuzzy, but sometime this month, I'm also going to have my first look at Python, not because I want to learn a ton about Python, like I'm not thinking that I want to go that way, but I know nothing about it So how do I know that JavaScript is like my jam. That's kind of funny, but how do I know that that's what I want to do unless I see in understand what other things are. Totally
So how do I know that JavaScript is like my jam. That's kind of funny, but how do I know that that's what I want to do unless I see in understand what other things are. Totally Yeah, if you try out Python, you're going to find that you, if you want to do web development, like you're going to do JavaScript, the vast majority of the time, like you can do like a Python backend and then have a JavaScript front end with like Django, but most people who are doing Python are doing like data science stuff from machine learning or things like that
Yeah, if you try out Python, you're going to find that you, if you want to do web development, like you're going to do JavaScript, the vast majority of the time, like you can do like a Python backend and then have a JavaScript front end with like Django, but most people who are doing Python are doing like data science stuff from machine learning or things like that So it's it's a good it's good to learn other languages like at all, for sure, I definitely would encourage you to do that
So it's it's a good it's good to learn other languages like at all, for sure, I definitely would encourage you to do that I would say there's a certain amount of learning one language first before learning a second language, if you try and learn to program all learning multiple languages, I can be really confusing
I would say there's a certain amount of learning one language first before learning a second language, if you try and learn to program all learning multiple languages, I can be really confusing So it would be the only thing I would like to kind of be aware of going into that, but the thing you're going to find with JavaScript and Python is actually very, very similar comparatively like, okay, languages like functional languages and stuff like that, they're actually pretty much like you know why you compare the other one like pretty dang quickly
So it would be the only thing I would like to kind of be aware of going into that, but the thing you're going to find with JavaScript and Python is actually very, very similar comparatively like, okay, languages like functional languages and stuff like that, they're actually pretty much like you know why you compare the other one like pretty dang quickly I just learned about go last night. Yeah, it goes another one and learning second language is great for flesh out where and when you might use the first language by contrast. Yeah, exactly. You'll know why you would use JavaScript one place and Python for a different place. Yeah
I just learned about go last night. Yeah, it goes another one and learning second language is great for flesh out where and when you might use the first language by contrast. Yeah, exactly. You'll know why you would use JavaScript one place and Python for a different place. Yeah Yeah. Yeah, and that's I'm excited about that. And I have I've found that there's also a lot of people that have been in like a mentor in some type of coding school. And that's where they're getting most excited about coming on the show in the future. And I think that's a great way to also see
Yeah. Yeah, and that's I'm excited about that. And I have I've found that there's also a lot of people that have been in like a mentor in some type of coding school. And that's where they're getting most excited about coming on the show in the future. And I think that's a great way to also see Like why people love coding camps and then also the difference of almost like one on one tutoring, but yet having other people ask questions too. Yeah, that's what makes boot camps hard is that sometimes you'll have one teacher for a class of like 2040, sometimes 100 students like
Like why people love coding camps and then also the difference of almost like one on one tutoring, but yet having other people ask questions too. Yeah, that's what makes boot camps hard is that sometimes you'll have one teacher for a class of like 2040, sometimes 100 students like So I have a school we had literally like 150 people in some of these classes. It was a didn't really work out well for someone who needed that kind of individual personalized attention, which I think a lot of people do. And yeah, it's like education doesn't scale
So I have a school we had literally like 150 people in some of these classes. It was a didn't really work out well for someone who needed that kind of individual personalized attention, which I think a lot of people do. And yeah, it's like education doesn't scale Like I said this before as part part of the problems with like just mass public education in general. So it's just an inherently hard thing to do. It's an unsolved problem
Like I said this before as part part of the problems with like just mass public education in general. So it's just an inherently hard thing to do. It's an unsolved problem And so if you can figure out a way to get like a whole bunch of really experienced people to come and teach you one on one like four times a week like this. So smart. I will say that one of the biggest things I've learned and thank you for helping in one of the big reasons I'm excited about today
And so if you can figure out a way to get like a whole bunch of really experienced people to come and teach you one on one like four times a week like this. So smart. I will say that one of the biggest things I've learned and thank you for helping in one of the big reasons I'm excited about today But thank you for helping like being part of the beginning and like one of the things that you said to me was about consistency. And that's why I was like, OK, cool. I'm just going to do it these four days a week. And at this time. So somebody can't make it a while
But thank you for helping like being part of the beginning and like one of the things that you said to me was about consistency. And that's why I was like, OK, cool. I'm just going to do it these four days a week. And at this time. So somebody can't make it a while I'll just either not do a show that day or do like a co working session. But it was also the fact that building this content very slowly. So doing video is very, very second nature to me. I'm like cool. I can do it on stop. Whatever. No problem
I'll just either not do a show that day or do like a co working session. But it was also the fact that building this content very slowly. So doing video is very, very second nature to me. I'm like cool. I can do it on stop. Whatever. No problem No problem. Writing blogs is harder for me, but I know it's something that I want to level up on. So I'm like, cool. I can start doing that. And then also being able to start contributing to open source and showing up fully on get also speaker on. And then also being able to do that
No problem. Writing blogs is harder for me, but I know it's something that I want to level up on. So I'm like, cool. I can start doing that. And then also being able to start contributing to open source and showing up fully on get also speaker on. And then also being able to do that And then also being able to do that. And then also being able to do that. And then also being able to do that. And then also being able to do that. And then also being able to do that. And then also being able to do that. And then also being able to do that. And then also being able to do that
And then also being able to do that. And then also being able to do that. And then also being able to do that. And then also being able to do that. And then also being able to do that. And then also being able to do that. And then also being able to do that. And then also being able to do that And then also being able to do that. And then also being able to do that. And then also being able to do that. And then also being able to do that. And then also being able to do that. And then also being able to do that. And then also being able to do that. So 100% that is calm down
And then also being able to do that. And then also being able to do that. And then also being able to do that. And then also being able to do that. And then also being able to do that. And then also being able to do that. And then also being able to do that. So 100% that is calm down And he's totally right about because I do not write many tests in my example apps. So that is always the thing that you should bring out someone to teach you just testing for sure. That's a very important. That I am looking forward to. Yeah. I feel like maybe postman would be good at that
And he's totally right about because I do not write many tests in my example apps. So that is always the thing that you should bring out someone to teach you just testing for sure. That's a very important. That I am looking forward to. Yeah. I feel like maybe postman would be good at that Um, so well, this is a difference between writing tests and like testing something. This is fine. Okay. So, writing a test is writing a is writing a program to basically run your program and feed it different inputs to see if the inputs are what you think they should be
Um, so well, this is a difference between writing tests and like testing something. This is fine. Okay. So, writing a test is writing a is writing a program to basically run your program and feed it different inputs to see if the inputs are what you think they should be That involves writing code to do that where it's having a tool like postman. You're like hitting an API doing a thing and seeing what comes back. So it's kind of like testing
That involves writing code to do that where it's having a tool like postman. You're like hitting an API doing a thing and seeing what comes back. So it's kind of like testing Um, but it's, uh, slightly different because one's like an automated thing and one's like a person kind of writing through a certain flow. So usually you have to try and write tests that are going to be able to test like the logic in your program
Um, but it's, uh, slightly different because one's like an automated thing and one's like a person kind of writing through a certain flow. So usually you have to try and write tests that are going to be able to test like the logic in your program And then hopefully some sort of end and testing to like test the whole thing together. And then you actually have to like go through the program yourself and the steps of what it's going to do like verify is like what's not right with the shopping cart thing you had to do with with square
And then hopefully some sort of end and testing to like test the whole thing together. And then you actually have to like go through the program yourself and the steps of what it's going to do like verify is like what's not right with the shopping cart thing you had to do with with square Like you had to go through this whole flow to like make this purchase. And so along the way, there'll be all this sort of steps you want to write tests for
Like you had to go through this whole flow to like make this purchase. And so along the way, there'll be all this sort of steps you want to write tests for And then you still at the end of the day have to actually walk through the thing to make sure it works even if all your tests pass something in my break that you didn't read a test to account for. So just to call him. This is why I leave it out of my tutorials
And then you still at the end of the day have to actually walk through the thing to make sure it works even if all your tests pass something in my break that you didn't read a test to account for. So just to call him. This is why I leave it out of my tutorials So I think it deserves its own material that's separate from mine. And but it's a, yeah, it's okay. It's good to know. I will add that on my list of things to learn because I think that and like protocols. And there's so much out there
So I think it deserves its own material that's separate from mine. And but it's a, yeah, it's okay. It's good to know. I will add that on my list of things to learn because I think that and like protocols. And there's so much out there And it's so even as Ben like when he was on the show said that you know accessibility. There's it's such a wide net to. Yeah. And yes, Ben has made that complete before that there's a lack of accessibility and education in boot camps instead of testing. So it's definitely a structural problem
And it's so even as Ben like when he was on the show said that you know accessibility. There's it's such a wide net to. Yeah. And yes, Ben has made that complete before that there's a lack of accessibility and education in boot camps instead of testing. So it's definitely a structural problem I agree that is a big reason that I failed high school. And also went to way too many colleges. So. But Ben is giving you a very hot tip right here. Yes, please put me in touch. I love. I should flash out the screen. Okay. There we go. Yeah, she's a, she's a test test boss for sure
I agree that is a big reason that I failed high school. And also went to way too many colleges. So. But Ben is giving you a very hot tip right here. Yes, please put me in touch. I love. I should flash out the screen. Okay. There we go. Yeah, she's a, she's a test test boss for sure Yeah, that's definitely the person you should get in touch with. Yes. But I think you're specifically calling me out. I think they accidentally called me out. No, because like there's certain things that you know, we we always there's always things we know we can't improve on
Yeah, that's definitely the person you should get in touch with. Yes. But I think you're specifically calling me out. I think they accidentally called me out. No, because like there's certain things that you know, we we always there's always things we know we can't improve on So it's like I know that my education which road doesn't have enough stuff about testing and that's why it's like at least I know that because then I can like hopefully one day like fix acts. There's so many things to do. Yeah, I think that's what you can't really do at all once
So it's like I know that my education which road doesn't have enough stuff about testing and that's why it's like at least I know that because then I can like hopefully one day like fix acts. There's so many things to do. Yeah, I think that's what you can't really do at all once So it's like chipping away piece by piece of like what is the next thing I can get better at and can improve my whole overall deal. I am curious about this before we dive into the read me stuff. I learned about like the three C's in Deborah all of like community content or coding
So it's like chipping away piece by piece of like what is the next thing I can get better at and can improve my whole overall deal. I am curious about this before we dive into the read me stuff. I learned about like the three C's in Deborah all of like community content or coding And normally people are really good at one or two of them. So it should be product not coding. I think coding is doesn't really quite make that distinction very clear because it's about. There's the community part
And normally people are really good at one or two of them. So it should be product not coding. I think coding is doesn't really quite make that distinction very clear because it's about. There's the community part There's the content part and that is actually like the thing itself that is like your your the communities around the content create about like that's whatever like the company is actually selling usually or the open source project. That's actually being done
There's the content part and that is actually like the thing itself that is like your your the communities around the content create about like that's whatever like the company is actually selling usually or the open source project. That's actually being done So coding kind of because you're still coding when you're doing. And you're not going to be able to do content stuff because you're coding projects using with the products, but you're not like writing the code of the product itself
So coding kind of because you're still coding when you're doing. And you're not going to be able to do content stuff because you're coding projects using with the products, but you're not like writing the code of the product itself Does that make sense? Yeah, so I think that's a clear distinction, but I get that that three pillar thing like that's a your your on the money with that. I think that there's kind of tweaking the being in code and. Because that it's all equals three C's. So this is devril.com
Does that make sense? Yeah, so I think that's a clear distinction, but I get that that three pillar thing like that's a your your on the money with that. I think that there's kind of tweaking the being in code and. Because that it's all equals three C's. So this is devril.comcom. Have you seen this site? Yes. Yes. There is so much goodness out there. Yeah, because there was to do community content products. Like and many people have already kind of made this distinction before. So there's they really invent it, but they are
com. Have you seen this site? Yes. Yes. There is so much goodness out there. Yeah, because there was to do community content products. Like and many people have already kind of made this distinction before. So there's they really invent it, but they are I think have distilled it in the most explainable way. So I should want to recommend people check out. And I think that I think that I'm something that I've learned is anyone like going into the role. There is. I'm a lot better at the community and the content yet coding or product
I think have distilled it in the most explainable way. So I should want to recommend people check out. And I think that I think that I'm something that I've learned is anyone like going into the role. There is. I'm a lot better at the community and the content yet coding or product However you want to say it is something that I need a level up on. And that's I think the beauty of just like learning in general is realizing what you're good at. And then going cool. I can level up on that. And even though that may never be my like strong part of you know my skillset
However you want to say it is something that I need a level up on. And that's I think the beauty of just like learning in general is realizing what you're good at. And then going cool. I can level up on that. And even though that may never be my like strong part of you know my skillset I can at least be really good at it. Maybe not as good as other things. So I think that's really cool talking about the testing there too. And yeah, so what are we learning today? Yeah, so today we're going to be learning is I wanted to talk a little bit about documentation and
I can at least be really good at it. Maybe not as good as other things. So I think that's really cool talking about the testing there too. And yeah, so what are we learning today? Yeah, so today we're going to be learning is I wanted to talk a little bit about documentation and Like why it's kind of useful or important and way to kind of get into work flows. So hopefully as painless as possible. And you actually said you're getting a team on to talk about documentation and. It used to be called Divio, but they just rebranded. I didn't actually know this
Like why it's kind of useful or important and way to kind of get into work flows. So hopefully as painless as possible. And you actually said you're getting a team on to talk about documentation and. It used to be called Divio, but they just rebranded. I didn't actually know this What were they called? Oh, I don't know. I have a bookmark told on. Yeah, so what this is. There's going to be another follow up episode that I'm definitely going to be X is going to be super interesting. They have a theory of docs where they
What were they called? Oh, I don't know. I have a bookmark told on. Yeah, so what this is. There's going to be another follow up episode that I'm definitely going to be X is going to be super interesting. They have a theory of docs where they Basically break down like the four different categories that documentation can be. So this is the one. So scroll down a little bit to the to the yeah, that right there. So you have tutorials which are about like walking you through
Basically break down like the four different categories that documentation can be. So this is the one. So scroll down a little bit to the to the yeah, that right there. So you have tutorials which are about like walking you through Like end to end experience that hopefully will teach you generally how a thing works. Whereas how to guide is something where it's giving you something specific to do that you can accomplish that you want to do. That is just like a self contained kind of task
Like end to end experience that hopefully will teach you generally how a thing works. Whereas how to guide is something where it's giving you something specific to do that you can accomplish that you want to do. That is just like a self contained kind of task And then reference would be just like you think like a glossary like just a list of terms and definitions and stuff like that
And then reference would be just like you think like a glossary like just a list of terms and definitions and stuff like that And then explanation is like just someone's actually writing out words to explain a concept whether that's like again a term or something you need to just like get about programming or whatever you're documenting
And then explanation is like just someone's actually writing out words to explain a concept whether that's like again a term or something you need to just like get about programming or whatever you're documenting So I find this is a really, really good breakdown of the different things that you need in like a whole docs like a doc website. But this is not what we're going to be doing today
So I find this is a really, really good breakdown of the different things that you need in like a whole docs like a doc website. But this is not what we're going to be doing today This is like how to structure like a larger docs project, whereas I want to show you just like what do you need like a single one single useful read me like how do you write or read me. That will like get you from zero to one in the course of that read me
This is like how to structure like a larger docs project, whereas I want to show you just like what do you need like a single one single useful read me like how do you write or read me. That will like get you from zero to one in the course of that read me And this is useful because it will allow you to want to build the project again or share it with other people who want to know how you built a thing. So I'm just going to walk you through the first thing we did the first project we did, but we're going to write it out first and actually mark down
And this is useful because it will allow you to want to build the project again or share it with other people who want to know how you built a thing. So I'm just going to walk you through the first thing we did the first project we did, but we're going to write it out first and actually mark down Okay. Where do I need to go because you told me that we were going to use it. Yeah. And I don't want to worry. We should talk about mark down a little bit. You said you have some experience with mark down. Yes. And so how would you explain mark down. What I explain it
Okay. Where do I need to go because you told me that we were going to use it. Yeah. And I don't want to worry. We should talk about mark down a little bit. You said you have some experience with mark down. Yes. And so how would you explain mark down. What I explain it What I explain it. Oh, that is wait wrong buttons wrong buttons. There we go. See if I can get the live stream going right. Um. I don't know if I have a good way of explaining it other than is mark down part of HTML. So that's so that's a good question
What I explain it. Oh, that is wait wrong buttons wrong buttons. There we go. See if I can get the live stream going right. Um. I don't know if I have a good way of explaining it other than is mark down part of HTML. So that's so that's a good question That's like the key question you need to ask what mark down is is it's a lightweight syntax to write something that will be transformed into HTML
That's like the key question you need to ask what mark down is is it's a lightweight syntax to write something that will be transformed into HTML So which are writing is you're creating like headers and you're creating like text and then there's like links and there's can be bullet points or bolded text or. And then there's like a section or anything or tables and all that eventually ends up as a website in HTML
So which are writing is you're creating like headers and you're creating like text and then there's like links and there's can be bullet points or bolded text or. And then there's like a section or anything or tables and all that eventually ends up as a website in HTML But writing HTML like as you can see like you have like opening closing tags and then they all have their own tag names and it's a lot to to write if you want to actually write that like just you know quickly while like you're thinking of it
But writing HTML like as you can see like you have like opening closing tags and then they all have their own tag names and it's a lot to to write if you want to actually write that like just you know quickly while like you're thinking of it So mark down was invented as a more like human friendly way to write this basically and mark down is old like mark down is like decades old
So mark down was invented as a more like human friendly way to write this basically and mark down is old like mark down is like decades old And it's just kind of constantly had different variations that people had their own casters that are versions of and now we need to a point where it's getting to be more standardized because of things like GitHub and websites like hash note and dev 2 and there's always places now we can write mark down in notion you can write mark down in discord
And it's just kind of constantly had different variations that people had their own casters that are versions of and now we need to a point where it's getting to be more standardized because of things like GitHub and websites like hash note and dev 2 and there's always places now we can write mark down in notion you can write mark down in discord And it's like really pretty awesome that it's gotten to be such a widespread kind of tool
And it's like really pretty awesome that it's gotten to be such a widespread kind of tool And once you learn it, you can write structured documents very, very quickly because you can create the headers and like the skeleton kind of outline of it very easily and then kind of fill in the blanks from there
And once you learn it, you can write structured documents very, very quickly because you can create the headers and like the skeleton kind of outline of it very easily and then kind of fill in the blanks from there And then you can see we'll start out like like if I'm writing an article for like prismic they have you first write an outline and so like you're writing outline and then that outline becomes like the headers of the blog post
And then you can see we'll start out like like if I'm writing an article for like prismic they have you first write an outline and so like you're writing outline and then that outline becomes like the headers of the blog post I'm really quick for anybody that's like super super new to mark down and like wondering what we're talking about. Yeah, this is what we should just we should start writing stuff so I just googled it so that way because like I pretty sure it's actually this cheat sheet
I'm really quick for anybody that's like super super new to mark down and like wondering what we're talking about. Yeah, this is what we should just we should start writing stuff so I just googled it so that way because like I pretty sure it's actually this cheat sheet Really shows what they all are so that way if you're like yeah, so stop on the first just the first part so just this right here is going to be the vast majority of what you're going to do
Really shows what they all are so that way if you're like yeah, so stop on the first just the first part so just this right here is going to be the vast majority of what you're going to do When you're writing mark down is going to have headings then you're going to have the ability to like make bolder italics and then you can do quotes which just kind of makes it offset a little bit on the screen
When you're writing mark down is going to have headings then you're going to have the ability to like make bolder italics and then you can do quotes which just kind of makes it offset a little bit on the screen And then you have numbers for lists and full of points for unordle lists and then you have back ticks to make code look like codes that's when you see like a word from code and written in like documentation or like a file name and that looks different from the other text that's what's happening there and then like links and images
And then you have numbers for lists and full of points for unordle lists and then you have back ticks to make code look like codes that's when you see like a word from code and written in like documentation or like a file name and that looks different from the other text that's what's happening there and then like links and images Sweet and extended syntax I want to say if we're going to do any of this so tables are occasionally useful they don't always look good on mobile which is part of the problem but they are really good for like if you're on a desktop which is if you're coding something that's frequently the way it's going to be but you don't always want to have like a really really long table and they may look at me go like totally off the screen
Sweet and extended syntax I want to say if we're going to do any of this so tables are occasionally useful they don't always look good on mobile which is part of the problem but they are really good for like if you're on a desktop which is if you're coding something that's frequently the way it's going to be but you don't always want to have like a really really long table and they may look at me go like totally off the screen Okay, but most of this other stuff we won't really need to go over today but you were talking about how you were using mark down that was like spotlight smart down
Okay, but most of this other stuff we won't really need to go over today but you were talking about how you were using mark down that was like spotlight smart down Yeah, stop lights mark down just as one thing I feel like we definitely need to look at the emoji one just because I live by emojis that is how
Yeah, stop lights mark down just as one thing I feel like we definitely need to look at the emoji one just because I live by emojis that is how So what we're going to do is that you'll be able to just put an emoji normally and then GitHub will figure out how to turn that into mark down for you i'm pretty sure sweet yeah okay cool where am I going now so you're going to just dot GitHub dot com a need to be logged into your GitHub account
So what we're going to do is that you'll be able to just put an emoji normally and then GitHub will figure out how to turn that into mark down for you i'm pretty sure sweet yeah okay cool where am I going now so you're going to just dot GitHub dot com a need to be logged into your GitHub account Yes, like with a G like a gub yeah yeah. Come not here we go. Hey i'm so logged in thank goodness. All right, cool. All right, this is a gist now this isn't necessarily the nicest way to write mark down or write like anything really your code editor is usually gave me the best place to do that but
Yes, like with a G like a gub yeah yeah. Come not here we go. Hey i'm so logged in thank goodness. All right, cool. All right, this is a gist now this isn't necessarily the nicest way to write mark down or write like anything really your code editor is usually gave me the best place to do that but Okay, so the thing was happening here, I want to at least make sure you like done this one so you can like write another gist if you ever need to. And sometimes I would do something in like just a file on my computer in my editor and then I'll eventually just copy paste the whole thing back into
Okay, so the thing was happening here, I want to at least make sure you like done this one so you can like write another gist if you ever need to. And sometimes I would do something in like just a file on my computer in my editor and then I'll eventually just copy paste the whole thing back into Just so I can like look at what it'll actually look like but this way we can kind of like get some. Like iterations which is actually using the GitHub gist itself is a really easy way of both like quickly writing something down and saving it
Just so I can like look at what it'll actually look like but this way we can kind of like get some. Like iterations which is actually using the GitHub gist itself is a really easy way of both like quickly writing something down and saving it Then also having a link who share with someone so if you want to like write a couple steps at you need someone else to help you like test or debug you do that a gist you send just like then they'll be able to see it just like work with it you put code samples in there you do anything. Okay
Then also having a link who share with someone so if you want to like write a couple steps at you need someone else to help you like test or debug you do that a gist you send just like then they'll be able to see it just like work with it you put code samples in there you do anything. Okay Okay. Okay, so what we're going to do is there's first a gist description so we're going to give this a name and we're going to say what was the name of the episode deploy react to versatile with feet
Okay. Okay, so what we're going to do is there's first a gist description so we're going to give this a name and we're going to say what was the name of the episode deploy react to versatile with feet What did we call it I don't remember you just said it but I was like yeah I was up to say deploy react and then get rid of to versatile with the
What did we call it I don't remember you just said it but I was like yeah I was up to say deploy react and then get rid of to versatile with the Good yeah and then on the file name where it says file name including extension to hear you got to make sure so this is because you just make this just like a JavaScript file this could be anything but if you make it a mark down file that like we'll make it look like a mark down thing so do index dot md
Good yeah and then on the file name where it says file name including extension to hear you got to make sure so this is because you just make this just like a JavaScript file this could be anything but if you make it a mark down file that like we'll make it look like a mark down thing so do index dot md That's what I call all mine you can give them a name if you want but I prefer just having a name as the title and the files is index dot
That's what I call all mine you can give them a name if you want but I prefer just having a name as the title and the files is index dot I feel like you're like setting it up that I can't put like Anthony is cool or anything like that like everybody else gets a really cool file name but all right you'll be the one that doesn't get one whatever. I mean if you want to like it's not I don't know if it really matters it does it does
I feel like you're like setting it up that I can't put like Anthony is cool or anything like that like everybody else gets a really cool file name but all right you'll be the one that doesn't get one whatever. I mean if you want to like it's not I don't know if it really matters it does it does And are they dashes and they're always dashes yeah. There we go. I haven't used to cool yet I don't think so
And are they dashes and they're always dashes yeah. There we go. I haven't used to cool yet I don't think so All right now so this is the beginning of our page so you can think of it like HTML where you're going to need an h1 so stop our creating h1 so that's going to be just a single hashtag or dollar sign. Yep and then space and then make it just the title that you called the thing so deploy
All right now so this is the beginning of our page so you can think of it like HTML where you're going to need an h1 so stop our creating h1 so that's going to be just a single hashtag or dollar sign. Yep and then space and then make it just the title that you called the thing so deploy Yeah you can just copy paste that. And then hit two spaces. Sorry I didn't mean that back up and then to and then hit two enters I mean yeah. There we go so it's fun mouth coding and now it's been a challenge for everybody I did it I'm a lot easier
Yeah you can just copy paste that. And then hit two spaces. Sorry I didn't mean that back up and then to and then hit two enters I mean yeah. There we go so it's fun mouth coding and now it's been a challenge for everybody I did it I'm a lot easier Yeah so just write out like a little description like of what you are doing here I will I will let you do this one instead of like telling you what to write because you technically you've done this
Yeah so just write out like a little description like of what you are doing here I will I will let you do this one instead of like telling you what to write because you technically you've done this So see if you can just give like a one or two sentence description of like what this is and what it does. Okay. Okay. I think the part that I'm getting stuck on is what we did with beat is what I don't remember
So see if you can just give like a one or two sentence description of like what this is and what it does. Okay. Okay. I think the part that I'm getting stuck on is what we did with beat is what I don't remember Okay you don't really have to describe what the does those important thing is that you're just saying that beat is what you're using with react that's the more important thing is not really that you have to explain what the does so much is that people
Okay you don't really have to describe what the does those important thing is that you're just saying that beat is what you're using with react that's the more important thing is not really that you have to explain what the does so much is that people What they need to know is that this is using like the beat template is not using create react app so like the last time we used react just the other episode or two ago they did they had to use create react app and that's what generated the react app right you wrote create react app and then create your react app for you
What they need to know is that this is using like the beat template is not using create react app so like the last time we used react just the other episode or two ago they did they had to use create react app and that's what generated the react app right you wrote create react app and then create your react app for you Or so we did is we used beat to do the same thing to create a react app. Okay. That makes more sense and that's where I think I was getting really lost so thank you. Yeah. Yeah. So it's pretty good you don't it's so it's not translating it. The ever sell it's deploying the ever sell. Yeah. Yeah
Or so we did is we used beat to do the same thing to create a react app. Okay. That makes more sense and that's where I think I was getting really lost so thank you. Yeah. Yeah. So it's pretty good you don't it's so it's not translating it. The ever sell it's deploying the ever sell. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. So how did I use the react app and deploy the ever sell. Alright, that's great. That's a perfect so now let's just first look at this we can see what we've done and what it looks like
Yeah. Yeah. So how did I use the react app and deploy the ever sell. Alright, that's great. That's a perfect so now let's just first look at this we can see what we've done and what it looks like So scroll down a little bit to where it says create sea or just and click the little drop down arrow and say create public just. Yep, create that. Okay, great
So scroll down a little bit to where it says create sea or just and click the little drop down arrow and say create public just. Yep, create that. Okay, great Okay, great. So you know how the age one is a lot bigger than the text right so that's the mark down and actions taking that mark down as actually rendering the mark down for you
Okay, great. So you know how the age one is a lot bigger than the text right so that's the mark down and actions taking that mark down as actually rendering the mark down for you Yeah, so that's pretty great and the real thing you want is you want the ability to have your editor and what your mark down is rendering kind of on screen at the same time. So it's all these like mark down like coding things like a hedge doc is a is a big one
Yeah, so that's pretty great and the real thing you want is you want the ability to have your editor and what your mark down is rendering kind of on screen at the same time. So it's all these like mark down like coding things like a hedge doc is a is a big one So there's lots lots of ways to do this like VS code itself can actually like do a split screen thing where you can kind of see the two side by side. So let's um yeah now we've done this we're going to come back to us but we should really do this through an editor
So there's lots lots of ways to do this like VS code itself can actually like do a split screen thing where you can kind of see the two side by side. So let's um yeah now we've done this we're going to come back to us but we should really do this through an editor Let's go and open your original studio code. Yeah and your are in a project so you should get at that and like open a fresh project. Um just me file right yeah. Sure. Cool and so now just go back and copy paste what you already have from the first just so click edit
Let's go and open your original studio code. Yeah and your are in a project so you should get at that and like open a fresh project. Um just me file right yeah. Sure. Cool and so now just go back and copy paste what you already have from the first just so click edit So if you click raw then you can see it just a mark down and then you can just grab that right there. Select language or opening different. Don't worry about that so just pace yeah and then save this. I want to call it the same family me call the just. Okay
So if you click raw then you can see it just a mark down and then you can just grab that right there. Select language or opening different. Don't worry about that so just pace yeah and then save this. I want to call it the same family me call the just. Okay Okay. It's weird doing it through this this way. Yeah we did that. Yeah we did it through the terminal it's all. Yeah like you see I'm guiding you see what I'm doing it through the terminal. No. I need to make you a folder
Okay. It's weird doing it through this this way. Yeah we did that. Yeah we did it through the terminal it's all. Yeah like you see I'm guiding you see what I'm doing it through the terminal. No. I need to make you a folder Okay great and so we're just doing this actually this is going to be important we need to name this file read me and all caps dot md. Okay. Well, I had an answer. Yeah. Where to go. It's in Baroque is dope. Yeah. Okay. Okay. There we go and you wanted to name this one read me. Yeah all caps dot md
Okay great and so we're just doing this actually this is going to be important we need to name this file read me and all caps dot md. Okay. Well, I had an answer. Yeah. Where to go. It's in Baroque is dope. Yeah. Okay. Okay. There we go and you wanted to name this one read me. Yeah all caps dot md Yeah. Yeah that is because if you do that when we put this repo up on get get hub then it will display the read me on the front page
Yeah. Yeah that is because if you do that when we put this repo up on get get hub then it will display the read me on the front page So that's why when you go see projects and they have that read me you just see it if you scroll down on the repo that's because they were a markdown file that's called read me dot md. Okay. That makes sense very cool. Yeah. All right
So that's why when you go see projects and they have that read me you just see it if you scroll down on the repo that's because they were a markdown file that's called read me dot md. Okay. That makes sense very cool. Yeah. All right Yeah. All right. All right so you should quit as a reopen excuses that slash the one talks it's confused because you moved it around. Yeah. So I'm just curious if this is going to open because I haven't done it like this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's a different brackets. I didn't even know
Yeah. All right. All right so you should quit as a reopen excuses that slash the one talks it's confused because you moved it around. Yeah. So I'm just curious if this is going to open because I haven't done it like this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's a different brackets. I didn't even know I didn't even know. The problem is that when you double click something it just opens the default app so your default app for dot markdown files was set to that program instead of VS code. So yeah. So what is bracket said another editor. Yeah. I probably downloaded it at some point
I didn't even know. The problem is that when you double click something it just opens the default app so your default app for dot markdown files was set to that program instead of VS code. So yeah. So what is bracket said another editor. Yeah. I probably downloaded it at some point Apparently I did because it's there but. I don't know why I have brackets sort of brackets. It's a source code editor focus on web development created by Dobie. Interesting. I actually haven't heard it. Be used like in the community. I've only heard of VS code
Apparently I did because it's there but. I don't know why I have brackets sort of brackets. It's a source code editor focus on web development created by Dobie. Interesting. I actually haven't heard it. Be used like in the community. I've only heard of VS code No, literally 99% of people you're going to meet use use VS code and then 1% people use WebStorm and we'll talk very very long about why you should use WebStorm and not. I'm not sure if you're going to use the VS code but almost everyone uses VS code at this point. Alright
No, literally 99% of people you're going to meet use use VS code and then 1% people use WebStorm and we'll talk very very long about why you should use WebStorm and not. I'm not sure if you're going to use the VS code but almost everyone uses VS code at this point. Alright Alright. So I got my reading me going open folder. Okay. Hold there. This time. Good. There. Cool. It seems happier now. Okay. Here we go. Okay. Now let's add a H2. And then space. And so the first step is going to be create React app. Yeah
Alright. So I got my reading me going open folder. Okay. Hold there. This time. Good. There. Cool. It seems happier now. Okay. Here we go. Okay. Now let's add a H2. And then space. And so the first step is going to be create React app. Yeah Yeah. And there'll be some people will do like title like that and I think that's what we should do here. Some people will kind of write out like a kind of phrase or sentence that is then like just only capitalize the beginning
Yeah. And there'll be some people will do like title like that and I think that's what we should do here. Some people will kind of write out like a kind of phrase or sentence that is then like just only capitalize the beginning So what you're kind of doing with headers may shift a bit depending on whether you're like writing a blog post or writing like an outline for like documentation. So kind of keep that in mind, but there's going to be different ways to do this
So what you're kind of doing with headers may shift a bit depending on whether you're like writing a blog post or writing like an outline for like documentation. So kind of keep that in mind, but there's going to be different ways to do this And there's like no, so like right or wrong way like this could be longer shorter. It's kind of whatever is going to. What I think is important here is that people first start by writing something that makes sense to them
And there's like no, so like right or wrong way like this could be longer shorter. It's kind of whatever is going to. What I think is important here is that people first start by writing something that makes sense to them And then they can worry about if there's a way they can refine that to make them more understandable to everyone. Then that's good. But the first thing you should do is make sure it actually makes sense to you
And then they can worry about if there's a way they can refine that to make them more understandable to everyone. Then that's good. But the first thing you should do is make sure it actually makes sense to you Because it's most important that you'll be able to read it back and do the steps again and understand it. And if that if you do that, I find it usually that then means most other people can understand it as like a kind of knock on effect of that
Because it's most important that you'll be able to read it back and do the steps again and understand it. And if that if you do that, I find it usually that then means most other people can understand it as like a kind of knock on effect of that And it's like, if you're actually able to write it clearly enough to make sense to yourself. Then as long as you can write it in like an orderly kind of way, then people can kind of follow along with the thought process. Does that make sense? Yes
And it's like, if you're actually able to write it clearly enough to make sense to yourself. Then as long as you can write it in like an orderly kind of way, then people can kind of follow along with the thought process. Does that make sense? Yes I'm going to be probably way way more detailed on it just so that way. Like if I'm going back to day episode two when I had no idea what we were doing that version of me would understand what I was doing. Like that's what you get into eventually writing a blog post
I'm going to be probably way way more detailed on it just so that way. Like if I'm going back to day episode two when I had no idea what we were doing that version of me would understand what I was doing. Like that's what you get into eventually writing a blog post So that's where what you kind of explained is to that extent and anyone from zero to one can understand it based on just what you've written. That's like, you know, you've written a really good blog post. That's why writing to your previous self is a good way to do that
So that's where what you kind of explained is to that extent and anyone from zero to one can understand it based on just what you've written. That's like, you know, you've written a really good blog post. That's why writing to your previous self is a good way to do that I have that kind of thought. I said, I definitely didn't even like I think it was actually the day from talking to you
I have that kind of thought. I said, I definitely didn't even like I think it was actually the day from talking to you I did control plus C equals to stop terminal, but it just stops the server running for local host and then CD to change directory because I was like, I know these things, but I couldn't remember them. Yes. All right. So I got my react app create. Then make a two more lines
I did control plus C equals to stop terminal, but it just stops the server running for local host and then CD to change directory because I was like, I know these things, but I couldn't remember them. Yes. All right. So I got my react app create. Then make a two more lines And then go ahead and write a little description of like the first step of this. So I would say, so I'll say what I'll write here. So I would say generate boilerplate. Yeah, boilerplate would be one word, I think. Yeah, and then react app. Actually, sorry, generate boilerplate application
And then go ahead and write a little description of like the first step of this. So I would say, so I'll say what I'll write here. So I would say generate boilerplate. Yeah, boilerplate would be one word, I think. Yeah, and then react app. Actually, sorry, generate boilerplate application The react beat template. Yeah, and then period. So that'll be good for now. Now we're going to actually put the command that does this. So we're going to start with this is the important part. This is where you are going to be doing code stuff. The code stuff is what's kind of most important
The react beat template. Yeah, and then period. So that'll be good for now. Now we're going to actually put the command that does this. So we're going to start with this is the important part. This is where you are going to be doing code stuff. The code stuff is what's kind of most important Like everything we're doing here is about the commands and the code. Because you want to actually be able to use this document for like you want the code to work. That's really important. Right. So you do three back ticks. And that's not the right back. Yeah
Like everything we're doing here is about the commands and the code. Because you want to actually be able to use this document for like you want the code to work. That's really important. Right. So you do three back ticks. And that's not the right back. Yeah Yeah. So this is the one next to the number one on your keyboard. Yeah, great. And so you can do it where you just have the three back ticks, but what's better to do in the vast majority of cases is to then say what's kind of code is this
Yeah. So this is the one next to the number one on your keyboard. Yeah, great. And so you can do it where you just have the three back ticks, but what's better to do in the vast majority of cases is to then say what's kind of code is this So you would write like JavaScript or Python or any of those languages, but we're not writing JavaScript. Yeah, because the first thing we're writing is the commands to generate it. So we're going to write bash. Yeah, because it's a bash man
So you would write like JavaScript or Python or any of those languages, but we're not writing JavaScript. Yeah, because the first thing we're writing is the commands to generate it. So we're going to write bash. Yeah, because it's a bash man And this is some people write shell or sh and it probably depends on what the platform that you're going to be putting this markdown on expects you to write. So I find this works in the most cases, but there's some kind of weird solute. So this is all kind of information
And this is some people write shell or sh and it probably depends on what the platform that you're going to be putting this markdown on expects you to write. So I find this works in the most cases, but there's some kind of weird solute. So this is all kind of information It's not super important right now. So. Okay. Good to know though. Create a create a space. Sorry, not space. Again. Do a return line. And now write yarn. Space. Create. Space. And then. Create. Sorry, I need to make sure I'm doing this right. Let me go to the beat
It's not super important right now. So. Okay. Good to know though. Create a create a space. Sorry, not space. Again. Do a return line. And now write yarn. Space. Create. Space. And then. Create. Sorry, I need to make sure I'm doing this right. Let me go to the beat Actually go to the beat beat JS documentation. So I would show you if I was doing this in the scratch, I had no idea what I was doing. This is how I do this. So go to beat JS.com. And pull this up on screen so people can see it. Yeah, well, I'm grabbing it. It's loading. Because I would also
Actually go to the beat beat JS documentation. So I would show you if I was doing this in the scratch, I had no idea what I was doing. This is how I do this. So go to beat JS.com. And pull this up on screen so people can see it. Yeah, well, I'm grabbing it. It's loading. Because I would also I'm sorry. Bjs.org. Probably not. Bjs.dev. That's the one. At Google's usually the best way to find. I saw like that. And then go to get started. Yeah. And then scroll down. Just keep scrolling. Keep scrolling. Keep scrolling. Yes. Okay. We will start with the react template
I'm sorry. Bjs.org. Probably not. Bjs.dev. That's the one. At Google's usually the best way to find. I saw like that. And then go to get started. Yeah. And then scroll down. Just keep scrolling. Keep scrolling. Keep scrolling. Yes. Okay. We will start with the react template We will now go to the react template. Want to create beat. So grab that whole thing. Actually copypace the one that says yarn. So only the one that says yarn. Oh, sorry. That line's only need. Interesting. There's a couple things you need to change here
We will now go to the react template. Want to create beat. So grab that whole thing. Actually copypace the one that says yarn. So only the one that says yarn. Oh, sorry. That line's only need. Interesting. There's a couple things you need to change here So what this is doing is this is not what we did. This is creating a view app. So it says view, change that to react. Yep, and then where it says template view, change that to react. Yep, and then do on the line below that, do three more back ticks. And then save
So what this is doing is this is not what we did. This is creating a view app. So it says view, change that to react. Yep, and then where it says template view, change that to react. Yep, and then do on the line below that, do three more back ticks. And then save And then save. Okay, so this is why I call this read me driven development
And then save. Okay, so this is why I call this read me driven development This is like technically not the exact term being used correctly because that rent meant more so you're building like a whole library like APIs and stuff you would like write it and explain it to how you're eventually going to code it and then you code it to make the code
This is like technically not the exact term being used correctly because that rent meant more so you're building like a whole library like APIs and stuff you would like write it and explain it to how you're eventually going to code it and then you code it to make the code Made the thing make sense. But the way I'm doing this, I'm just, you know, walking through a series of steps. There you get first right down and then do. And so once you've done that, then any step you're doing, you already know is written down
Made the thing make sense. But the way I'm doing this, I'm just, you know, walking through a series of steps. There you get first right down and then do. And so once you've done that, then any step you're doing, you already know is written down And so that means then once you've done it correctly, you know, the way it was written down was done correctly. And you go back to that example and do it. You know it's going to work consistently the way it did last time. I'm making this as a note
And so that means then once you've done it correctly, you know, the way it was written down was done correctly. And you go back to that example and do it. You know it's going to work consistently the way it did last time. I'm making this as a note So if you want to write a note to yourself, you should not make it a two header thing
So if you want to write a note to yourself, you should not make it a two header thing Well, I want, I'm thinking for like somebody that's brand new, like for a brand brand new, like reminding them of, hey, if you're using terminal, make sure you put it in your code folder, for example, like those type of things
Well, I want, I'm thinking for like somebody that's brand new, like for a brand brand new, like reminding them of, hey, if you're using terminal, make sure you put it in your code folder, for example, like those type of things So that is something where they, if you, yeah, I mean, if I'm making this for me, the one that went through on day two, like episode two, I would need that
So that is something where they, if you, yeah, I mean, if I'm making this for me, the one that went through on day two, like episode two, I would need that If it's for me when, what they know what that means, a proper code folder, or they like that as an explainer, you like have a explainer, what it means, like create of just like open anything to do. And like, like, I'm putting it there. So that way I remember to go back and fill it out. Okay
If it's for me when, what they know what that means, a proper code folder, or they like that as an explainer, you like have a explainer, what it means, like create of just like open anything to do. And like, like, I'm putting it there. So that way I remember to go back and fill it out. Okay Okay. Not that I need to fill it out right now. But I would be very, very, very excited to explain that, but I'll go for it. I will show you after today. Sweet. Yeah, this is why also like, that's a good point
Okay. Not that I need to fill it out right now. But I would be very, very, very excited to explain that, but I'll go for it. I will show you after today. Sweet. Yeah, this is why also like, that's a good point So for me, I also will include like, if we weren't creating this app, it would be like creating like a blank directory or something, but then you have the CD command to actually like get into his end and start doing it. That's a, that's a step a lot of people skip
So for me, I also will include like, if we weren't creating this app, it would be like creating like a blank directory or something, but then you have the CD command to actually like get into his end and start doing it. That's a, that's a step a lot of people skip So that's a, yeah, that for me, it's like the steps that if you skip them, will, if we'll be able to like fill in the blanks, those usually you should assume, no, they're not going to be able to fill in the blanks. You should have put that, put that in there
So that's a, yeah, that for me, it's like the steps that if you skip them, will, if we'll be able to like fill in the blanks, those usually you should assume, no, they're not going to be able to fill in the blanks. You should have put that, put that in there So that's partly a question like experienced level and what you need to put in, but for the most part, being more explicit is good. So like, that's fine. I forget trying to explain that because like I said, being more explicit is always good
So that's partly a question like experienced level and what you need to put in, but for the most part, being more explicit is good. So like, that's fine. I forget trying to explain that because like I said, being more explicit is always good And yeah, that one is just to remind me to go in and make it more explanatory as I go. So for me, actually, like code folder is just my, the first thing that happens when I open my terminal. Like I just had that be my code folder
And yeah, that one is just to remind me to go in and make it more explanatory as I go. So for me, actually, like code folder is just my, the first thing that happens when I open my terminal. Like I just had that be my code folder My code folder, so every time I open my terminal, I can just start going. And then I have a bunch of projects in there and I just periodically go through and just like clean them out. Yeah, that's cool. Because I don't like having code projects on my computer
My code folder, so every time I open my terminal, I can just start going. And then I have a bunch of projects in there and I just periodically go through and just like clean them out. Yeah, that's cool. Because I don't like having code projects on my computer I like for the most part to have all stuff I've done just beyond GitHub repo is the most part. So my work is always being saved on how like a ton of work just on my computer that could disappear or that other people can't see
I like for the most part to have all stuff I've done just beyond GitHub repo is the most part. So my work is always being saved on how like a ton of work just on my computer that could disappear or that other people can't see So that's why I'll usually have a project, I'll create a work with it for a little bit eventually. I'll end up on a GitHub repo and like a day or two and I delete off my computer. So my wall work with it again, I'll clone it down again
So that's why I'll usually have a project, I'll create a work with it for a little bit eventually. I'll end up on a GitHub repo and like a day or two and I delete off my computer. So my wall work with it again, I'll clone it down again And then do what he's going to do, then push the changes back up and then delete off my computer. I find like it for me, it helps keep sanity in like both my brain and my computer to allow me to like how it's all compartmentalized
And then do what he's going to do, then push the changes back up and then delete off my computer. I find like it for me, it helps keep sanity in like both my brain and my computer to allow me to like how it's all compartmentalized So I'm not having these long term projects with lots of work accumulating that isn't always being like easily shareable or like documentable or so like that. Because you get much more wary of that one is like your entire life's work, it becomes like digital artifacts
So I'm not having these long term projects with lots of work accumulating that isn't always being like easily shareable or like documentable or so like that. Because you get much more wary of that one is like your entire life's work, it becomes like digital artifacts Yeah, and Ben just said, read me, read me, expect folks can fill in the blanks can be such an obstacle
Yeah, and Ben just said, read me, read me, expect folks can fill in the blanks can be such an obstacle Yeah, and this is like getting into this process now writing these out and like testing them yourself and going through and making sure like writing a thing out, you can go to it a month later and then try it and see if it still works or if you miss steps
Yeah, and this is like getting into this process now writing these out and like testing them yourself and going through and making sure like writing a thing out, you can go to it a month later and then try it and see if it still works or if you miss steps That's where you usually find the steps you miss the first time and you'll refine it and make a little bit better. So you can iterate on over time and constantly improve and make better and better
That's where you usually find the steps you miss the first time and you'll refine it and make a little bit better. So you can iterate on over time and constantly improve and make better and better I feel like you just volunteered yourself to come on the show again like the end of September to see if we can actually do this. Right. Based on it. Yeah, and I want to show you here this is my exact process is how I built everything that I built. So very cool
I feel like you just volunteered yourself to come on the show again like the end of September to see if we can actually do this. Right. Based on it. Yeah, and I want to show you here this is my exact process is how I built everything that I built. So very cool So very cool. So run this mange now like copy and paste and run this exact mange. And that's actually what made me think of that I have to change my folder. So and this is also why you shouldn't have your code folder on your desktop. You should have it in the in your home directory
So very cool. So run this mange now like copy and paste and run this exact mange. And that's actually what made me think of that I have to change my folder. So and this is also why you shouldn't have your code folder on your desktop. You should have it in the in your home directory So when you open the terminal, you would just do CD into code folder. And you should also make code folder all lowercase that we're not always having to capitalize every time you type it out. How am I getting this? Just saying. You're like also making me forget what I was doing
So when you open the terminal, you would just do CD into code folder. And you should also make code folder all lowercase that we're not always having to capitalize every time you type it out. How am I getting this? Just saying. You're like also making me forget what I was doing But I think like that's a big reason why I would want to put all of these steps in there is. But this is specific to you. Right. But you have to go to those steps. That's why if you have your code folder, you're really going to have a code folder at all
But I think like that's a big reason why I would want to put all of these steps in there is. But this is specific to you. Right. But you have to go to those steps. That's why if you have your code folder, you're really going to have a code folder at all None of those steps would have needed to be done. So that's all that's the specific to your set that requires doing this. That other people wouldn't necessarily have to do. Right
None of those steps would have needed to be done. So that's all that's the specific to your set that requires doing this. That other people wouldn't necessarily have to do. Right Right. But I guess like something that I'm wondering and I'll look around afterwards is if there's a way or something that people say for supernoobs on their read me. Supernoobs need to like watch a video with someone doing it
Right. But I guess like something that I'm wondering and I'll look around afterwards is if there's a way or something that people say for supernoobs on their read me. Supernoobs need to like watch a video with someone doing it Like some of you just can't really explain it in words because there's too much content associated with it. Because you don't even know what kind of edit they're using. You don't know any of that kind of stuff. Yeah. Okay. So running it. Cool. It's been run. Great
Like some of you just can't really explain it in words because there's too much content associated with it. Because you don't even know what kind of edit they're using. You don't know any of that kind of stuff. Yeah. Okay. So running it. Cool. It's been run. Great Great. So now go back to your markdown file. And within those same three black ticks, create another line. Yeah. And then do CD into my React app. So you need to write out exactly the same. Like what it's called. So the way it was created the first time
Great. So now go back to your markdown file. And within those same three black ticks, create another line. Yeah. And then do CD into my React app. So you need to write out exactly the same. Like what it's called. So the way it was created the first time No, so see how the first time you are creating the name. Yeah, there you go. Yep. And then run that command in your terminal. Yep. And then I will usually like write both those out. And like about how many can I do each one one by one. And then now you're going to do yarn just the word yarn
No, so see how the first time you are creating the name. Yeah, there you go. Yep. And then run that command in your terminal. Yep. And then I will usually like write both those out. And like about how many can I do each one one by one. And then now you're going to do yarn just the word yarn And then space. Sorry, not so much. Jeez. Back up. And then line. Yarn and then yarn space dev. And then run those two commands. Awesome. Now what I would do at this point is I would create a link. And my markdown file to what the local host is going to be
And then space. Sorry, not so much. Jeez. Back up. And then line. Yarn and then yarn space dev. And then run those two commands. Awesome. Now what I would do at this point is I would create a link. And my markdown file to what the local host is going to be So if you are following along, you'd be able to just like click it and it's the open. So copy that. Yep, you got it. And then we're going to do another space or another line. So not in the code blocks. Absolutely. Yeah, so at this point, we're going to be writing text again
So if you are following along, you'd be able to just like click it and it's the open. So copy that. Yep, you got it. And then we're going to do another space or another line. So not in the code blocks. Absolutely. Yeah, so at this point, we're going to be writing text again So create one more line. Yeah, and say open in. And then two brackets. So open bracket, close bracket. So thus the square brackets. Yeah, there you go. And then paste that. And then go out, go one to the right. Like and then add parentheses. Yep. And then copy again. Or a paste again, I mean, yeah
So create one more line. Yeah, and say open in. And then two brackets. So open bracket, close bracket. So thus the square brackets. Yeah, there you go. And then paste that. And then go out, go one to the right. Like and then add parentheses. Yep. And then copy again. Or a paste again, I mean, yeah So what I would do here, just kind of distinguish these two for myself. In the first half, I would delete HTTP colon for slash forward slash. Yeah, delete all that. And then delete the final closing slash also after 5173. Yeah
So what I would do here, just kind of distinguish these two for myself. In the first half, I would delete HTTP colon for slash forward slash. Yeah, delete all that. And then delete the final closing slash also after 5173. Yeah Yeah. Yeah, so what's happening here is there's the link, which is the part in the parentheses. And then there's what shows the text for the link. So we can have that say anything we wanted, but we want to also be like described this as someone reading it, knows where it is, and they click it
Yeah. Yeah, so what's happening here is there's the link, which is the part in the parentheses. And then there's what shows the text for the link. So we can have that say anything we wanted, but we want to also be like described this as someone reading it, knows where it is, and they click it And then just put a. So this is the point where you could explain this however you want. You say open or actually get rid of the end. Now there is just have it say open local host in your browser of choice. Browser. Cool. Coverstube. And that period. Great. And now let's actually open this in that
And then just put a. So this is the point where you could explain this however you want. You say open or actually get rid of the end. Now there is just have it say open local host in your browser of choice. Browser. Cool. Coverstube. And that period. Great. And now let's actually open this in that Yeah. Yeah. So if you're doing like a blog post or something, what I would usually do at this point, and we don't need to do this, like I would take a screenshot and then like actually have an image also as well
Yeah. Yeah. So if you're doing like a blog post or something, what I would usually do at this point, and we don't need to do this, like I would take a screenshot and then like actually have an image also as well Because I want someone who is reading the blog post or like following along to be able to kind of visually see what's actually happening. But this is not really right now. We're not creating a blog post
Because I want someone who is reading the blog post or like following along to be able to kind of visually see what's actually happening. But this is not really right now. We're not creating a blog post We're just kind of just want to walk through creating like a simple kind of series of steps so we can flesh out more as you want. So let's not do that right now. Okay. And go out, click out of that. Actually, no, sorry, I'll click out of that. Let's make that only part of your screen
We're just kind of just want to walk through creating like a simple kind of series of steps so we can flesh out more as you want. So let's not do that right now. Okay. And go out, click out of that. Actually, no, sorry, I'll click out of that. Let's make that only part of your screen So make that like, scoot we over. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And now go to where your project is. Okay. So the way we did that actually, so save first. Yeah. So open up here so you can see the files again. The yeah. So we did this actually a little bit wrong right now
So make that like, scoot we over. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And now go to where your project is. Okay. So the way we did that actually, so save first. Yeah. So open up here so you can see the files again. The yeah. So we did this actually a little bit wrong right now We have the readme is not inside our folders. Just drag the readme into that folder. Yeah. There you go. Don't get angry at me again. Okay. Thank you. Cool. Sweet. Okay. That is all good. Now let's go to your SRC folder. Yeah. And then app.jsx. Yeah. And then do it
We have the readme is not inside our folders. Just drag the readme into that folder. Yeah. There you go. Don't get angry at me again. Okay. Thank you. Cool. Sweet. Okay. That is all good. Now let's go to your SRC folder. Yeah. And then app.jsx. Yeah. And then do it And then do it. We did last time where we get rid of the use state and a bunch of other stuff. So let's start by deleting line six. Is it line six down or just line six? Line six and seven. Yeah. And then delete line one. Yeah. And then scroll down a little bit. Okay. Scroll up a little bit
And then do it. We did last time where we get rid of the use state and a bunch of other stuff. So let's start by deleting line six. Is it line six down or just line six? Line six and seven. Yeah. And then delete line one. Yeah. And then scroll down a little bit. Okay. Scroll up a little bit Let's see all the big chunk. Okay. So let's delete line 16. Actually 17 to 23. Do that first. And then delete that div too. Okay. And then now let's just kind of give it our own H1. So give it the H1 is actually that you give the H1 of the readme
Let's see all the big chunk. Okay. So let's delete line 16. Actually 17 to 23. Do that first. And then delete that div too. Okay. And then now let's just kind of give it our own H1. So give it the H1 is actually that you give the H1 of the readme So you just copy and paste it from the readme if you want. It's what I'm doing. I was like, I mean, you should because this is also the thing. You want consistency here. So the more you can like copy paste stuff, the less likely something is to change break or like anything like that
So you just copy and paste it from the readme if you want. It's what I'm doing. I was like, I mean, you should because this is also the thing. You want consistency here. So the more you can like copy paste stuff, the less likely something is to change break or like anything like that So like you should like embrace copy pasting. It's a good thing. I've been learning. I've been learning to. Yes, just grab exactly what's in the H1 deploy react to herself with feet. Just copy paste that without the hashtag in front
So like you should like embrace copy pasting. It's a good thing. I've been learning. I've been learning to. Yes, just grab exactly what's in the H1 deploy react to herself with feet. Just copy paste that without the hashtag in front And then take the description you had and you can make that the the the p tag. Yeah, you have an extra space on that line, which is not important but bugs me anyway. Online three, there's an extra space if you if you go over to the end of the very end of the line. Oh. Just wrap around
And then take the description you had and you can make that the the the p tag. Yeah, you have an extra space on that line, which is not important but bugs me anyway. Online three, there's an extra space if you if you go over to the end of the very end of the line. Oh. Just wrap around Just wrap around. So yeah, there you go. Yeah. Awesome. And then you do two spaces. So it's indented correctly. So two spaces before you use great. And now save. And then that all looks good. Great. Let's grab all of the code in the app.jsx file. So copy it all and then go back to the read me
Just wrap around. So yeah, there you go. Yeah. Awesome. And then you do two spaces. So it's indented correctly. So two spaces before you use great. And now save. And then that all looks good. Great. Let's grab all of the code in the app.jsx file. So copy it all and then go back to the read me And then go make some new lines. And this time we're going to do. Go back one line. Yeah, we're going to do three back ticks. And we're not going to write JavaScript. And the reason why because we look at the file is not.js is going to be. JSX. It's in the space there. Get rid of that
And then go make some new lines. And this time we're going to do. Go back one line. Yeah, we're going to do three back ticks. And we're not going to write JavaScript. And the reason why because we look at the file is not.js is going to be. JSX. It's in the space there. Get rid of that Get rid of that. There's don't put a space to the end or at the beginning of JSX. Yeah. And then space. Sorry, line. This is not something everyone does, but I think this is a really, really good habit to be in
Get rid of that. There's don't put a space to the end or at the beginning of JSX. Yeah. And then space. Sorry, line. This is not something everyone does, but I think this is a really, really good habit to be in I like to write a comment at the top of all of my code box that tells you what is the specific directory in this project that contains this code example. I'll show you what I mean by that. Write two forward slashes. And then go space. And then you're going to write SRC. All in lowercase
I like to write a comment at the top of all of my code box that tells you what is the specific directory in this project that contains this code example. I'll show you what I mean by that. Write two forward slashes. And then go space. And then you're going to write SRC. All in lowercase All in lowercase. Then forward slash. And then capital A. And then pp. So app.jsx. So that is the file that this code is in. Now you're not going to, I don't put my dash react dash app. And then the SRC because you can assume that everyone has their own project with their own name
All in lowercase. Then forward slash. And then capital A. And then pp. So app.jsx. So that is the file that this code is in. Now you're not going to, I don't put my dash react dash app. And then the SRC because you can assume that everyone has their own project with their own name And what you want tell them is just like the where it is in the project itself. When you're in the project itself, you have the SRC folder. And you have the app.jsx. So that's where I had you first go to do this. So they need to know if you're going to show them a block of code
And what you want tell them is just like the where it is in the project itself. When you're in the project itself, you have the SRC folder. And you have the app.jsx. So that's where I had you first go to do this. So they need to know if you're going to show them a block of code Where is that code? So that's why this will ensure that even if you haven't explained it somewhere in the text, they can just look at the code blocks itself
Where is that code? So that's why this will ensure that even if you haven't explained it somewhere in the text, they can just look at the code blocks itself And can I get some understanding of what's actually happening in that code? So this is something that I've seen some docs do and a lot of docs not. And I think every docs I think you should do this. They make a really big difference. Okay. And then paste in the rest of the one more space
And can I get some understanding of what's actually happening in that code? So this is something that I've seen some docs do and a lot of docs not. And I think every docs I think you should do this. They make a really big difference. Okay. And then paste in the rest of the one more space There's a style. I think some people will not put it not put it in the line or line break. So like five nine. Line break. Got it. And then copy paste it. And then do three back ticks. Okay. There you go. Cool
There's a style. I think some people will not put it not put it in the line or line break. So like five nine. Line break. Got it. And then copy paste it. And then do three back ticks. Okay. There you go. Cool There you go. Cool. So the idea of being with that is if you were walking through this again, I do the, I will show code blocks when things change usually. So if I need to change something, I'll have a code block
There you go. Cool. So the idea of being with that is if you were walking through this again, I do the, I will show code blocks when things change usually. So if I need to change something, I'll have a code block So I'll know that as I'm like following along with instructions, I'll first generate a project, I'll do some commands. And as they're showing me code blocks, I need to go into my project, look at the code blocks and get that into the thing we're going to use to get into to make the change happen
So I'll know that as I'm like following along with instructions, I'll first generate a project, I'll do some commands. And as they're showing me code blocks, I need to go into my project, look at the code blocks and get that into the thing we're going to use to get into to make the change happen Does that all make sense? It does. I think it's going to take practice of then reading them. Yeah, no, till I never does it differently. Like the way I'm showing you right now is not just giving the same other way other people do it
Does that all make sense? It does. I think it's going to take practice of then reading them. Yeah, no, till I never does it differently. Like the way I'm showing you right now is not just giving the same other way other people do it But I find this usually works pretty well in terms of giving something that is at least reproducible. That's the most important thing to make
But I find this usually works pretty well in terms of giving something that is at least reproducible. That's the most important thing to make Because someone could follow off these steps and not really know how to code and still do all the things as long as they know baseline stuff but like how to open a terminal and how to do stuff like that. So now that we have this, we, like the, that's all we did in the video
Because someone could follow off these steps and not really know how to code and still do all the things as long as they know baseline stuff but like how to open a terminal and how to do stuff like that. So now that we have this, we, like the, that's all we did in the video So that's all we've done to create this application. And the next thing is you'd be deploying it. Okay. And that's when we went to versatile, right? So, um, yeah, so I'm going to try something actually. Let's do this. Do, uh, so first go back to our read me and do two spaces
So that's all we've done to create this application. And the next thing is you'd be deploying it. Okay. And that's when we went to versatile, right? So, um, yeah, so I'm going to try something actually. Let's do this. Do, uh, so first go back to our read me and do two spaces Let's just get our markdown good first and they're going to do another H2. We're just going to be deploy to versatile. Yep. And then go down to two lines. Yep. Okay. So I'm going to try and have you do this with the CLI this time
Let's just get our markdown good first and they're going to do another H2. We're just going to be deploy to versatile. Yep. And then go down to two lines. Yep. Okay. So I'm going to try and have you do this with the CLI this time So let's do, um, this is where if I had someone do this, I would write a message that links them to a place where they can get the CLI installed. So let's first figure out where that link is. So just Google, um, versatile CLI. All right. Mm-hmm. Yep. So that means hold on
So let's do, um, this is where if I had someone do this, I would write a message that links them to a place where they can get the CLI installed. So let's first figure out where that link is. So just Google, um, versatile CLI. All right. Mm-hmm. Yep. So that means hold on I'm going to grab this then. And go up here and would I do it as notes then like this? Uh, no, not necessarily. Well, so I would have it be explained right still where we were already. So because at this point, it's not really concerned up until this point
I'm going to grab this then. And go up here and would I do it as notes then like this? Uh, no, not necessarily. Well, so I would have it be explained right still where we were already. So because at this point, it's not really concerned up until this point Sometimes people will put their requirements at the, at the beginning, but I for what we're doing here, I think it makes more sense to just like fill the thing and then we like, now we have to deploy. If you already know how to deploy somewhere, you can go do that anywhere
Sometimes people will put their requirements at the, at the beginning, but I for what we're doing here, I think it makes more sense to just like fill the thing and then we like, now we have to deploy. If you already know how to deploy somewhere, you can go do that anywhere But if you want to do it this way, here's like instructions to do that. Okay. So, wow. And I have the link. Okay. And now let's, so first let's, uh, write something out of like how we want to explain it
But if you want to do it this way, here's like instructions to do that. Okay. So, wow. And I have the link. Okay. And now let's, so first let's, uh, write something out of like how we want to explain it So I'd say I'm like, something of the effect to like go to this link to, uh, for instructions to download the first cell CLI. So, then I would be able to do this, right? Um, so it shows what it is and then, the first one in here. Okay. I'll do it. Yeah
So I'd say I'm like, something of the effect to like go to this link to, uh, for instructions to download the first cell CLI. So, then I would be able to do this, right? Um, so it shows what it is and then, the first one in here. Okay. I'll do it. Yeah I'll do it. Yeah. Um, and then hit a period so you should change that a little bit. So it should be go to link, um, for download instructions for, or go to link for, for cell CLI download instructions. Yes, choose that, so it just for, and then get rid of the two and then copy, paste for cell CLI
I'll do it. Yeah. Um, and then hit a period so you should change that a little bit. So it should be go to link, um, for download instructions for, or go to link for, for cell CLI download instructions. Yes, choose that, so it just for, and then get rid of the two and then copy, paste for cell CLI Yeah. And put it before download instructions. I feel like this is going to be what drives everybody insane is my grammar on these. So as long as it's a, as long as you're Mac, grammatically correct us the most important thing
Yeah. And put it before download instructions. I feel like this is going to be what drives everybody insane is my grammar on these. So as long as it's a, as long as you're Mac, grammatically correct us the most important thing So, you know, people, it's because you, you were going for clarity and understand ability here. So there's gonna be lots of ways you could phrase this that could be like correct and it's just like a matter of taste
So, you know, people, it's because you, you were going for clarity and understand ability here. So there's gonna be lots of ways you could phrase this that could be like correct and it's just like a matter of taste No, but there's also something is I just like you want to make sure you, you kind of like, because otherwise people, other people would go back and they might be kind of confused and it's just a kind of a good practice
No, but there's also something is I just like you want to make sure you, you kind of like, because otherwise people, other people would go back and they might be kind of confused and it's just a kind of a good practice And some people will write docs who English does not like their, their first language
And some people will write docs who English does not like their, their first language So like, that's, and that's totally about that's why like you should be, you should try and help people like, make their docs more clear, but also be aware of like where people are coming from and like, don't like, you know, try and put them down for, for having like small little mistakes like that and their, their stuff
So like, that's, and that's totally about that's why like you should be, you should try and help people like, make their docs more clear, but also be aware of like where people are coming from and like, don't like, you know, try and put them down for, for having like small little mistakes like that and their, their stuff So I would just do the NPM, right? Yeah, let's see if that works. I did an NPX the other day. That was fun. Yeah, I saw it. Yeah. So NPX is the same as using YARN, the way we've been doing it. So this is saying the permissions is denious
So I would just do the NPM, right? Yeah, let's see if that works. I did an NPX the other day. That was fun. Yeah, I saw it. Yeah. So NPX is the same as using YARN, the way we've been doing it. So this is saying the permissions is denious This means that you're trying to download this, but your computer needs you to be in root access for it. So you know, pseudo, like that's how you, um, ever use pseudo before. I think we had to do this last time. Yeah, I had to use pseudo one
This means that you're trying to download this, but your computer needs you to be in root access for it. So you know, pseudo, like that's how you, um, ever use pseudo before. I think we had to do this last time. Yeah, I had to use pseudo one So I just told you to do that and we were over text, so it probably didn't make any sense. So that's a pseudo is that's why pseudo asks you for your passwords. That's why pseudo is only something you should ever run
So I just told you to do that and we were over text, so it probably didn't make any sense. So that's a pseudo is that's why pseudo asks you for your passwords. That's why pseudo is only something you should ever run You know, you're downloading something that you trust and like you can trust for sales, a giant massive company that they're not going to load random code under your peer to mind Bitcoin, some stuff on NPM will though
You know, you're downloading something that you trust and like you can trust for sales, a giant massive company that they're not going to load random code under your peer to mind Bitcoin, some stuff on NPM will though So don't ever just do this and download random packages or like, think the name of the packages because people, there's like swatters who will find packages with slight typos and then try and like, put something in that
So don't ever just do this and download random packages or like, think the name of the packages because people, there's like swatters who will find packages with slight typos and then try and like, put something in that So when people make typos, they'll actually download the thing they need to download. It's a whole thing, the whole supply chain thing. Oh geez. So this is why we're doing right now is totally safe. I don't even know how to spell pseudo
So when people make typos, they'll actually download the thing they need to download. It's a whole thing, the whole supply chain thing. Oh geez. So this is why we're doing right now is totally safe. I don't even know how to spell pseudo Okay, so get, sorry, um, it's not spelled like the word pseudo. It's um, SUDO. Yeah. Yeah. And then we solve that exact same command again in the last year for your password. Just in case it's going off screen. Maybe. Oh, yeah. Okay. Installing hopefully. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Great
Okay, so get, sorry, um, it's not spelled like the word pseudo. It's um, SUDO. Yeah. Yeah. And then we solve that exact same command again in the last year for your password. Just in case it's going off screen. Maybe. Oh, yeah. Okay. Installing hopefully. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Great Yeah. Okay. Great. Now go back to your read me again. And then do three back ticks with bash. And then you want to put a space after the back ticks. It's going to be right next to the back ticks. Yep. And line break. And then just the word verse L. Yep
Yeah. Okay. Great. Now go back to your read me again. And then do three back ticks with bash. And then you want to put a space after the back ticks. It's going to be right next to the back ticks. Yep. And line break. And then just the word verse L. Yep Yep. And then line break and then three back ticks. Okay. And then try running that in here. And this is going to ask you to do a couple things because we haven't done this for it's going to have you pull the login and stuff like that
Yep. And then line break and then three back ticks. Okay. And then try running that in here. And this is going to ask you to do a couple things because we haven't done this for it's going to have you pull the login and stuff like that I would not put those instructions in this because you already said you need to log in and do that. So you can kind of assume people are going to make it through this and that they can't. That's kind of like on first cell to document that correctly
I would not put those instructions in this because you already said you need to log in and do that. So you can kind of assume people are going to make it through this and that they can't. That's kind of like on first cell to document that correctly But this is going to be like extremely simple though it's worse. Great. Now go back to your terminal and see what happened. Yay. Okay. So now it's going to ask you to set up and deploy this thing. So you're going to just hit return because yes is the default answer you want
But this is going to be like extremely simple though it's worse. Great. Now go back to your terminal and see what happened. Yay. Okay. So now it's going to ask you to set up and deploy this thing. So you're going to just hit return because yes is the default answer you want You want to use teach gen tech. Yeah. And then we don't want let's not leave this to an existing project. So let's just like no. And then yeah, that's good. And that's good. So that's saying like your project is in this folder that you're in right now
You want to use teach gen tech. Yeah. And then we don't want let's not leave this to an existing project. So let's just like no. And then yeah, that's good. And that's good. So that's saying like your project is in this folder that you're in right now And then what that is doing is it's going to kind of default build steps. So those are going to be good. So no, you don't want to modify these settings. So just hit return again. Great. And there's a flag dash as confirmed. I think that will have you just like answer all the defaults automatically
And then what that is doing is it's going to kind of default build steps. So those are going to be good. So no, you don't want to modify these settings. So just hit return again. Great. And there's a flag dash as confirmed. I think that will have you just like answer all the defaults automatically And I would just like to play straight for you. But it's good to walk through it a couple of times. So you know what you're doing. Sometimes it's not always exactly the same especially the build step part. So yeah, it says beat and beat build. So that's beat specific
And I would just like to play straight for you. But it's good to walk through it a couple of times. So you know what you're doing. Sometimes it's not always exactly the same especially the build step part. So yeah, it says beat and beat build. So that's beat specific You did this with create rack react app. That would not say beat build. It would be something else. Okay. Okay. See if you want to see if you can go to that link now. My react app KOL. There you go. There's your website
You did this with create rack react app. That would not say beat build. It would be something else. Okay. Okay. See if you want to see if you can go to that link now. My react app KOL. There you go. There's your website So now what I would do is I would go back to my read me and write open and then I paste that link. So you would link to that. Right. We got to do the square brackets. I did. Oh, Ben was telling us that pseudo stands for super user do. For super user is a word for admin. That's about right
So now what I would do is I would go back to my read me and write open and then I paste that link. So you would link to that. Right. We got to do the square brackets. I did. Oh, Ben was telling us that pseudo stands for super user do. For super user is a word for admin. That's about right That's about right. I dig it. Right. Excellent. Make sure it's a period at the end. Okay. That should be pretty much it. Now copy paste that whole thing and put it back into the gist so we can see what it looks like altogether. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Edit it now
That's about right. I dig it. Right. Excellent. Make sure it's a period at the end. Okay. That should be pretty much it. Now copy paste that whole thing and put it back into the gist so we can see what it looks like altogether. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Edit it now Okay. Edit it now. Now when you copy paste it, you're going to have much actualize at the end, I think. So delete those. And update public just. Wow. Well, that was fun
Okay. Edit it now. Now when you copy paste it, you're going to have much actualize at the end, I think. So delete those. And update public just. Wow. Well, that was fun Well, that was fun. So now you have this just for the rest of your life and anytime you want to deploy a React app to yourself with beats, you'll open this and you will follow these steps and you will say prayer to the coding gods. That they told you to write documentation. This is happiness
Well, that was fun. So now you have this just for the rest of your life and anytime you want to deploy a React app to yourself with beats, you'll open this and you will follow these steps and you will say prayer to the coding gods. That they told you to write documentation. This is happiness This is happiness. See, it's very useful, right? Not only for you, but for others. I'm actually really glad because I'm doing the timing of like getting the of going back and working on like if I when I can work on getting the blogs written from the very beginning
This is happiness. See, it's very useful, right? Not only for you, but for others. I'm actually really glad because I'm doing the timing of like getting the of going back and working on like if I when I can work on getting the blogs written from the very beginning So at least one episode is already done. The very first episode or second episode. There we go. Interesting. Oh, you should also get this project up on GitHub repo
So at least one episode is already done. The very first episode or second episode. There we go. Interesting. Oh, you should also get this project up on GitHub repo That was what we didn't do because for some, as you do that without needing a GitHub repo, which is nice, but this is a good step to do. Teach me the things. Please go down to the bottom of this one. Let's go ahead and put it in the read me to that way you'll have it
That was what we didn't do because for some, as you do that without needing a GitHub repo, which is nice, but this is a good step to do. Teach me the things. Please go down to the bottom of this one. Let's go ahead and put it in the read me to that way you'll have it And then make another two header that says create GitHub repository. And so what I would do here is I would say open and then link to repo.new. Would you put repo.new and then put the links, right? Yeah, yeah, there's different schools of thought around this, but I think that works pretty well
And then make another two header that says create GitHub repository. And so what I would do here is I would say open and then link to repo.new. Would you put repo.new and then put the links, right? Yeah, yeah, there's different schools of thought around this, but I think that works pretty well I think I'm doing this wrong. So I'll be an opening square bracket. Yeah, and then I'm closing square bracket at the end. Yeah, you have to write that again with HTTPS in front of it. Pull and slash slash
I think I'm doing this wrong. So I'll be an opening square bracket. Yeah, and then I'm closing square bracket at the end. Yeah, you have to write that again with HTTPS in front of it. Pull and slash slash Yeah, and one step that's also useful to go through is go back through your, your gist at the end and click all your links. But let's not do that right now. That's just a hot tip for you. And then this actually go to this link now and create a repo
Yeah, and one step that's also useful to go through is go back through your, your gist at the end and click all your links. But let's not do that right now. That's just a hot tip for you. And then this actually go to this link now and create a repo Yeah, you just call it my React app again, keep it consistent. Yeah, give it a description. And that's just the description we used up here, right? Or like this one? It can be public. Yeah, you don't need to add a remix, you already have a remix. You only get a gig, you already have a gig, ignore
Yeah, you just call it my React app again, keep it consistent. Yeah, give it a description. And that's just the description we used up here, right? Or like this one? It can be public. Yeah, you don't need to add a remix, you already have a remix. You only get a gig, you already have a gig, ignore Let's go ahead and create a license at MIT. Actually, no, sorry, let's get confused. Let's not do that. Hit the x on the top right. Yeah, because that if we try and push the changes up, because it's not there, it's going to take a few. But well, I'll license the next time. I'm going to create repo
Let's go ahead and create a license at MIT. Actually, no, sorry, let's get confused. Let's not do that. Hit the x on the top right. Yeah, because that if we try and push the changes up, because it's not there, it's going to take a few. But well, I'll license the next time. I'm going to create repo Okay, great. Now copy paste that whole chunk, the first chunk without the, sorry, the first or create a newer repository on the command line. Take was written under that and grab that whole thing. And then I just paste it in here, right? So first go back to your read me. Yeah
Okay, great. Now copy paste that whole chunk, the first chunk without the, sorry, the first or create a newer repository on the command line. Take was written under that and grab that whole thing. And then I just paste it in here, right? So first go back to your read me. Yeah Yeah. And then do back takes bash, yep. A little case B. And then copy and then delete line one. Or the first line of that. But if you follow those ones exactly as are written, then you will have your thing deployed to that repo
Yeah. And then do back takes bash, yep. A little case B. And then copy and then delete line one. Or the first line of that. But if you follow those ones exactly as are written, then you will have your thing deployed to that repo Now it's important though that in these commands, there's the name of this specific repo. So every time you do this, these commands are going to be all the same, except forget remote ad or so. It's a really important step where you actually link your repo to the repo you just created on GitHub
Now it's important though that in these commands, there's the name of this specific repo. So every time you do this, these commands are going to be all the same, except forget remote ad or so. It's a really important step where you actually link your repo to the repo you just created on GitHub Does that make sense? We'll get lines 67 right now. Yeah, so like basically, the key is in that URL, right? So if we follow these steps, they would not want to copy that command, because they would then be syncing their project to your GitHub, not theirs. Oh, yeah
Does that make sense? We'll get lines 67 right now. Yeah, so like basically, the key is in that URL, right? So if we follow these steps, they would not want to copy that command, because they would then be syncing their project to your GitHub, not theirs. Oh, yeah Oh, yeah. Everyone who do this when they created, they're going to have their own name in that right there. And they would have even their own name for their app possibly depending on whether they change the name when they generated the thing at the beginning of the project
Oh, yeah. Everyone who do this when they created, they're going to have their own name in that right there. And they would have even their own name for their app possibly depending on whether they change the name when they generated the thing at the beginning of the project So that's a important thing. So this is why I always write these commands in just for myself. And I have them there so I can go back and do it over and over again
So that's a important thing. So this is why I always write these commands in just for myself. And I have them there so I can go back and do it over and over again But that may potentially confuse people if you're expecting this material to reflect super duper new, so you should like possibly add a explanation and they're saying follow these steps with your own Git repo in this line or something like that. OK. OK. Oh, sorry
But that may potentially confuse people if you're expecting this material to reflect super duper new, so you should like possibly add a explanation and they're saying follow these steps with your own Git repo in this line or something like that. OK. OK. Oh, sorry OK. OK. Oh, sorry. And actually, there's another mistake here. Where it says get add, read me, that should be get add period. Yeah, just like that. And then make sure to run that command again. Yeah, there you go
OK. OK. Oh, sorry. And actually, there's another mistake here. Where it says get add, read me, that should be get add period. Yeah, just like that. And then make sure to run that command again. Yeah, there you go Yeah, there you go. Yeah, so what that does, if you just did get add read me, it would only commit that one file, but you want to commit your whole project all in one go. OK. OK. I'm going to make myself notes here in a second. And then we can also reconfigure your Git, so it does main by default
Yeah, there you go. Yeah, so what that does, if you just did get add read me, it would only commit that one file, but you want to commit your whole project all in one go. OK. OK. I'm going to make myself notes here in a second. And then we can also reconfigure your Git, so it does main by default We can do that real quick. OK, that's all good. So before we do anything else, let me just do this real quick. Go up to where and the terminal where it says get config dash dash global in your error message. So it's get config dash dash global. And then dot deep exactly
We can do that real quick. OK, that's all good. So before we do anything else, let me just do this real quick. Go up to where and the terminal where it says get config dash dash global in your error message. So it's get config dash dash global. And then dot deep exactly So grab that whole thing all the way over to get config. Yeah. OK. And then paste it and then delete that. And I'll also delete delete the brackets around it as well. And just write main one word all over case
So grab that whole thing all the way over to get config. Yeah. OK. And then paste it and then delete that. And I'll also delete delete the brackets around it as well. And just write main one word all over case What this is doing is now every time you create a Git, you initialize Git, you're going to start with main as the branch instead of master. OK. Yeah. And then do add the. I'm making myself a look and know really, really. We also since you didn't say this, you didn't push these last changes up
What this is doing is now every time you create a Git, you initialize Git, you're going to start with main as the branch instead of master. OK. Yeah. And then do add the. I'm making myself a look and know really, really. We also since you didn't say this, you didn't push these last changes up So first let's do that dash dash dash. And then yeah, so yeah, let's just like finish this. And then we'll come in one more time before we're done. So don't worry about that yet. Right, whatever you're going to write. And then once you're done writing stuff in this, we'll come in at the very end
So first let's do that dash dash dash. And then yeah, so yeah, let's just like finish this. And then we'll come in one more time before we're done. So don't worry about that yet. Right, whatever you're going to write. And then once you're done writing stuff in this, we'll come in at the very end OK. So this is. You don't want to add a line break there after the code tick. So that's the thing where mark down will work five. You don't have these extra lines. But I try and keep it consistent and clean. Because when you're going back and reading these, it's like working with them
OK. So this is. You don't want to add a line break there after the code tick. So that's the thing where mark down will work five. You don't have these extra lines. But I try and keep it consistent and clean. Because when you're going back and reading these, it's like working with them The more you can kind of make clean the first time that user is going to be brothers to work with and all that has to. Be me dot md. All cats. And then. It's great to me also show you something real quick. This is where you're going to want to put back ticks around
The more you can kind of make clean the first time that user is going to be brothers to work with and all that has to. Be me dot md. All cats. And then. It's great to me also show you something real quick. This is where you're going to want to put back ticks around Get ad read me and get ad period. So just a single back tick. Because you're going to be a good block. Yeah, just. Yeah, OK. And you'll even see a change in your editor right there. OK, cool
Get ad read me and get ad period. So just a single back tick. Because you're going to be a good block. Yeah, just. Yeah, OK. And you'll even see a change in your editor right there. OK, cool Yeah, this is really important and useful for when people are reading these in both when you're going back and you're like, if you're copy, copying things and stuff, you want to make sure it's a clear distinction between things that are like code stuff and things that are just normal wordy words
Yeah, this is really important and useful for when people are reading these in both when you're going back and you're like, if you're copy, copying things and stuff, you want to make sure it's a clear distinction between things that are like code stuff and things that are just normal wordy words And then. You also start by doing the back ticks in the exact and then pasted it. Each individual repo. OK, I was like, how do you say that? And I think that. Just do this now. Hold on. There's someone else we can do. This is this is perfect
And then. You also start by doing the back ticks in the exact and then pasted it. Each individual repo. OK, I was like, how do you say that? And I think that. Just do this now. Hold on. There's someone else we can do. This is this is perfect This is going to do this really quick because I just realized I could just put gen notes at the bottom. And then people can use them. You should make these bullet points also. So what you're going to want to do is you're going to want to do a dash before each of those in the space, dash base. Yeah
This is going to do this really quick because I just realized I could just put gen notes at the bottom. And then people can use them. You should make these bullet points also. So what you're going to want to do is you're going to want to do a dash before each of those in the space, dash base. Yeah Yeah. Yeah, you should also do you should make gents notes that don't have a header. I'll use it. Well, you shouldn't do three because it's not a subsection of the section before it. It's its own section. Yeah, make sure it's a space after the
Yeah. Yeah, you should also do you should make gents notes that don't have a header. I'll use it. Well, you shouldn't do three because it's not a subsection of the section before it. It's its own section. Yeah, make sure it's a space after the Yeah, you also see how it changes colors every time, whether this syntax is correct or not. So I noticed how term blue once you did that, but it wasn't blue before. Yes, that's that's important because that'll help you like avoid making those kind of mistakes when you're writing this markdown
Yeah, you also see how it changes colors every time, whether this syntax is correct or not. So I noticed how term blue once you did that, but it wasn't blue before. Yes, that's that's important because that'll help you like avoid making those kind of mistakes when you're writing this markdown You can write markdown and like not really look at what it generates. It's like a really long time. The end of the lot is like weird stuff you messed up. That's why the editors give you a lot of useful hints here. Use folder name as project name. I'm viewing it for myself
You can write markdown and like not really look at what it generates. It's like a really long time. The end of the lot is like weird stuff you messed up. That's why the editors give you a lot of useful hints here. Use folder name as project name. I'm viewing it for myself So whatever I created the folder on or now. I usually I always keep them the same. You don't necessarily have to and it'll kind of depend on your own style and stuff like that. But I like to keep the project name as the same as the code folder name, which is always the same as the repo name
So whatever I created the folder on or now. I usually I always keep them the same. You don't necessarily have to and it'll kind of depend on your own style and stuff like that. But I like to keep the project name as the same as the code folder name, which is always the same as the repo name And it's always going to be the subdomain of the website, deployment of our cell. Like I keep them all consistent across the entire thing. But for this one, but that's partly because you're doing my react out
And it's always going to be the subdomain of the website, deployment of our cell. Like I keep them all consistent across the entire thing. But for this one, but that's partly because you're doing my react out That's something that there's already hundreds or thousands in the world out there of that. So we couldn't get my react.vercel.app. We have one of the bunch of numbers at the end. Now it's at AJC's, AJC.dash.app. Then it will be taken. So I AJC Web dev have that in all of my project names
That's something that there's already hundreds or thousands in the world out there of that. So we couldn't get my react.vercel.app. We have one of the bunch of numbers at the end. Now it's at AJC's, AJC.dash.app. Then it will be taken. So I AJC Web dev have that in all of my project names They all start with AJC Web dev.dash, whatever the tool is that I'm doing, or the project I'm doing. That way, all that were stamped with something unique. So I can do that across the whole thing
They all start with AJC Web dev.dash, whatever the tool is that I'm doing, or the project I'm doing. That way, all that were stamped with something unique. So I can do that across the whole thing And then what, and I know that you said that we're going to upload this or recommit, is I want to put that in here. Like when I make changes on VS code, make sure to do this to reupload to. That's that's one level that you probably aren't going to want to write down
And then what, and I know that you said that we're going to upload this or recommit, is I want to put that in here. Like when I make changes on VS code, make sure to do this to reupload to. That's that's one level that you probably aren't going to want to write down Because that's like the one of the very, very first things. Like it's like kind of showing someone how it gets like the right folder. Like telling it's like to commit on changes. Like it's kind of like outside the scope of like almost anything
Because that's like the one of the very, very first things. Like it's like kind of showing someone how it gets like the right folder. Like telling it's like to commit on changes. Like it's kind of like outside the scope of like almost anything You're going to you're going to you're going to write them both. That's why I put it on Gen notes. Okay, I mean, yeah, that's that's fine. So I guess this is just kind of a question of like, yeah, that's that's all yeah. I think like you make sure
You're going to you're going to you're going to write them both. That's why I put it on Gen notes. Okay, I mean, yeah, that's that's fine. So I guess this is just kind of a question of like, yeah, that's that's all yeah. I think like you make sure So if you're reminding yourself, that's a good thing to remind yourself of, is that make sure to commit file changes and push to GitHub when you're done or for the last step or something like that. Yeah, that's good to know try yourself
So if you're reminding yourself, that's a good thing to remind yourself of, is that make sure to commit file changes and push to GitHub when you're done or for the last step or something like that. Yeah, that's good to know try yourself And what's the way to do it? So this would be so if you look at the first steps on GitHub, the first steps you have where you had to get in it. So you don't need to get in it again. Because that just starts it being a get repo. You do have to do get ad period and get commit
And what's the way to do it? So this would be so if you look at the first steps on GitHub, the first steps you have where you had to get in it. So you don't need to get in it again. Because that just starts it being a get repo. You do have to do get ad period and get commit And then you skip get branch because we already have done that. And also now your computer does that automatically for you. The remote is never going to have to be done again. But you will have to push each time. So those three steps ad commit push. Hold on. So first grab ad and commit
And then you skip get branch because we already have done that. And also now your computer does that automatically for you. The remote is never going to have to be done again. But you will have to push each time. So those three steps ad commit push. Hold on. So first grab ad and commit Or yeah, just grab all of them. Well, okay. So this is a part where thinking back to resolve and where I've been getting really confused. If I want to download somebody's or like do something to connect to somebody's get or a repository, I already have. I need to do get in it. And then that name
Or yeah, just grab all of them. Well, okay. So this is a part where thinking back to resolve and where I've been getting really confused. If I want to download somebody's or like do something to connect to somebody's get or a repository, I already have. I need to do get in it. And then that name And then that name. No, no. Well, you might be able to add, go no. If I see that very often, let's see, you can do that for template directories. And so like that. But basically if you want to connect to someone's get repo, you want you to clone it down
And then that name. No, no. Well, you might be able to add, go no. If I see that very often, let's see, you can do that for template directories. And so like that. But basically if you want to connect to someone's get repo, you want you to clone it down Like you clone their get repository onto your computer. And then you have an our computer. And you don't run it. Get a next is already get project. You don't need to initialize it again. So you clone it down and then you enter it. And then you're in a get hub project already
Like you clone their get repository onto your computer. And then you have an our computer. And you don't run it. Get a next is already get project. You don't need to initialize it again. So you clone it down and then you enter it. And then you're in a get hub project already I'm going to ask that a different time then. So I might as understood. I think you're right. I think I'm just not comprehending yet. Yeah, part of it is because I can, something I can show you. So this is one where you're going to want to do this. So we do the get add, we do the get commit
I'm going to ask that a different time then. So I might as understood. I think you're right. I think I'm just not comprehending yet. Yeah, part of it is because I can, something I can show you. So this is one where you're going to want to do this. So we do the get add, we do the get commit We don't do the main and we don't do the branch, right? Yeah. We don't do the main. We don't earn this one. Branch. So if I were you, I would put those in their own code block by itself, like the three back ticks, because you're going to want to grab these commands, like consecutively
We don't do the main and we don't do the branch, right? Yeah. We don't do the main. We don't earn this one. Branch. So if I were you, I would put those in their own code block by itself, like the three back ticks, because you're going to want to grab these commands, like consecutively So it makes sense for them to all be in their own code block. Oh, code block. Okay. Yeah. I'm going to make sure get rid of that last one. There's one at the end of the get commit line. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. There we go
So it makes sense for them to all be in their own code block. Oh, code block. Okay. Yeah. I'm going to make sure get rid of that last one. There's one at the end of the get commit line. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. There we go Okay. There we go. And then do a line break after the three back ticks at the at the beginning and make sure it says bash. So right, bash and then hit enter. There you go. And then add another line break for 78. Or so, add another line break in between the code block and the, yeah, there you go
Okay. There we go. And then do a line break after the three back ticks at the at the beginning and make sure it says bash. So right, bash and then hit enter. There you go. And then add another line break for 78. Or so, add another line break in between the code block and the, yeah, there you go And then actually where it says get push, you origin make, it just has to be get pushed. Because you already told it that the origin made. Okay
And then actually where it says get push, you origin make, it just has to be get pushed. Because you already told it that the origin made. Okay Okay. And that has to do with connecting it to the, when you're pushing it, are you like, because there's the, the get thing on your computer, which is like just a get repo. And then there's a get hub repo on get hub
Okay. And that has to do with connecting it to the, when you're pushing it, are you like, because there's the, the get thing on your computer, which is like just a get repo. And then there's a get hub repo on get hub And so that's the remote when they talk about the remote, they're talking about saying that on get hub itself, it's like on the internet to get it there. And you just like push it onto the internet. That's kind of what's important thing
And so that's the remote when they talk about the remote, they're talking about saying that on get hub itself, it's like on the internet to get it there. And you just like push it onto the internet. That's kind of what's important thing But I want to show you that there's a folder in your actual project. So go back to your finder and open this folder up and actually save first. OCD. Great. And like actually open this in your, in your desktop. And Anthony is cool. And make this a lot bigger so that people can see as well
But I want to show you that there's a folder in your actual project. So go back to your finder and open this folder up and actually save first. OCD. Great. And like actually open this in your, in your desktop. And Anthony is cool. And make this a lot bigger so that people can see as well Is that possible? Okay. Oh well. So go and then go into an anti-school actually. Uh, I feel like there's got to be a way. Yeah. So if you go to show view options, towards the bottom. And then make it as big as you can. I'll do the ZABY enough though
Is that possible? Okay. Oh well. So go and then go into an anti-school actually. Uh, I feel like there's got to be a way. Yeah. So if you go to show view options, towards the bottom. And then make it as big as you can. I'll do the ZABY enough though Yeah, if you're going to be barely any different, so all I is a little there. Okay. Well, we're working on it. This is confusing right now. Actually, I have a project folder, a side of project folder. You should take my React app and drag that out into the code folder. folder folder. It is
Yeah, if you're going to be barely any different, so all I is a little there. Okay. Well, we're working on it. This is confusing right now. Actually, I have a project folder, a side of project folder. You should take my React app and drag that out into the code folder. folder folder. It is It is. Oh, well, I'm going to leave it there for now because. No, so you don't want to do. You should do this. Yeah. Yeah. And then delete Anthony is cool. And you can, yeah. Whatever. It's it'll all deleted in seconds. Delete. Just go on. So, click out of that. This hit up arrow. Then delete
It is. Oh, well, I'm going to leave it there for now because. No, so you don't want to do. You should do this. Yeah. Yeah. And then delete Anthony is cool. And you can, yeah. Whatever. It's it'll all deleted in seconds. Delete. Just go on. So, click out of that. This hit up arrow. Then delete Then delete. And you can do it command D, your command delete to delete Yonicho. You should mouse all. I'm not just duplicated. Sorry. I mean command D, I'm going to delete the delete key. There we go. Got there. Sweet. Got there. Now, now we're here. Press command shift period. There we go
Then delete. And you can do it command D, your command delete to delete Yonicho. You should mouse all. I'm not just duplicated. Sorry. I mean command D, I'm going to delete the delete key. There we go. Got there. Sweet. Got there. Now, now we're here. Press command shift period. There we go There we go. All right. This is a thing that don't get taught to a lot of your devs is extremely confusing. There are folders in your, in this My React app. That you were not able to see until you did that because they're these, they all have a period in front of them
There we go. All right. This is a thing that don't get taught to a lot of your devs is extremely confusing. There are folders in your, in this My React app. That you were not able to see until you did that because they're these, they all have a period in front of them Now, that period is basically the stuff that's kind of happening under the hood. So you see how it says not get. So, if you click that, this is what didn't exist when you ran get a net. So, when you run get a net, what it does is it creates this folder right here
Now, that period is basically the stuff that's kind of happening under the hood. So you see how it says not get. So, if you click that, this is what didn't exist when you ran get a net. So, when you run get a net, what it does is it creates this folder right here So, if we were to delete this folder, don't do this. If you were to delete this folder and then go back to your project, it would no longer be get. You would not be able to see your changes. There would be no history of what you did
So, if we were to delete this folder, don't do this. If you were to delete this folder and then go back to your project, it would no longer be get. You would not be able to see your changes. There would be no history of what you did And you need to run get a net again to re-initialize and you could add and commit and do all that. So, I end up deleting my .get folder. And each time something weird goes on and get because there's crazy get food, you can do it again yourself out of jam
And you need to run get a net again to re-initialize and you could add and commit and do all that. So, I end up deleting my .get folder. And each time something weird goes on and get because there's crazy get food, you can do it again yourself out of jam So, sometimes just resetting in the Croner repo down, doing it again is actually going to be easier. But don't worry about whether to do that or not the only thing that's important is to know that it's even possible to do that at all
So, sometimes just resetting in the Croner repo down, doing it again is actually going to be easier. But don't worry about whether to do that or not the only thing that's important is to know that it's even possible to do that at all Yes, we had to fix my terminal by doing one of these, right? Exactly. How we got rid of something. Yes, how we, because your .zhs and .z profile and all that kind of stuff is also those are . files. So, I do remember that. But okay, cool. Yay. Great
Yes, we had to fix my terminal by doing one of these, right? Exactly. How we got rid of something. Yes, how we, because your .zhs and .z profile and all that kind of stuff is also those are . files. So, I do remember that. But okay, cool. Yay. Great Yay. Great. So now, make sure to push all these changes up once you have more notes. You got no. Well, if I do... We're getting close to time. I should go in here. And... Make comments... push... Nice. And then since that's in the RE-ME of this repo, you should go back and delete the first gist
Yay. Great. So now, make sure to push all these changes up once you have more notes. You got no. Well, if I do... We're getting close to time. I should go in here. And... Make comments... push... Nice. And then since that's in the RE-ME of this repo, you should go back and delete the first gist You don't really need this to be in a gist if it's in the repo itself. Where's the gist? So go up, where in your tabs is your top number one tab. So in like your browser tab, of like not in the website at all. Yeah. Yeah, just delete that. It doesn't add it. Okay
You don't really need this to be in a gist if it's in the repo itself. Where's the gist? So go up, where in your tabs is your top number one tab. So in like your browser tab, of like not in the website at all. Yeah. Yeah, just delete that. It doesn't add it. Okay Okay. Yeah, yeah, I get what you're saying then. Great. Yeah, because otherwise, if you're trying to keep that in sync, like you have a RE-ME for the same thing in two different places and you're changing one and not the other, you get confused very easily
Okay. Yeah, yeah, I get what you're saying then. Great. Yeah, because otherwise, if you're trying to keep that in sync, like you have a RE-ME for the same thing in two different places and you're changing one and not the other, you get confused very easily So like keep everything in one place and not duplicated that way anytime you're making changes, you only have to make change in one place
So like keep everything in one place and not duplicated that way anytime you're making changes, you only have to make change in one place And so now anytime you want to add to this, you can go back to this repo, you can add more instructions, you can test those out, and then the instructions will still be there. I created my first repository. Yeah. Yay. Okay. Oh, actually, there's one more thing we can do
And so now anytime you want to add to this, you can go back to this repo, you can add more instructions, you can test those out, and then the instructions will still be there. I created my first repository. Yeah. Yay. Okay. Oh, actually, there's one more thing we can do Go back to the repository, like click on it, and then go back to or scroll down to where the link is for your website. Like the actual website, so scroll down to the very, very bottom. Yeah. And then click or just above the repo.new part. Yeah, so grab that, yeah, copy that. No, copy the link
Go back to the repository, like click on it, and then go back to or scroll down to where the link is for your website. Like the actual website, so scroll down to the very, very bottom. Yeah. And then click or just above the repo.new part. Yeah, so grab that, yeah, copy that. No, copy the link No, copy the link. Copy that. Yeah. Copy that. Okay. Okay. And then scroll all the way up to description and or about and click the little icon to the right of about. So the, over on the right, the right, the right, the screen about. Yeah. And then paste it where it says website
No, copy the link. Copy that. Yeah. Copy that. Okay. Okay. And then scroll all the way up to description and or about and click the little icon to the right of about. So the, over on the right, the right, the right, the screen about. Yeah. And then paste it where it says website So if you got to have the HTTPS part in front, this is why you got to copy like the link itself. Yeah. Great. And then save that. All right, and then try to click on the link. Yeah. So now when they go to this repo, they can instantly see the website that has linked to the repo. Yay. Yeah
So if you got to have the HTTPS part in front, this is why you got to copy like the link itself. Yeah. Great. And then save that. All right, and then try to click on the link. Yeah. So now when they go to this repo, they can instantly see the website that has linked to the repo. Yay. Yeah Yay. Yeah. Oh, this is exciting. So much learning and just light years further than I was a month ago. Crazy. Crazy to think that that was only a month ago. I know
Yay. Yeah. Oh, this is exciting. So much learning and just light years further than I was a month ago. Crazy. Crazy to think that that was only a month ago. I know I know. I mean, I've, I have debated doing, you know, a hundred days of code, but I'm like, I do four days a week, does that go? And thank you, Anthony. I know you need to go. So thank you once again for all the knowledge drops. And this is exciting. This is actually really really cool
I know. I mean, I've, I have debated doing, you know, a hundred days of code, but I'm like, I do four days a week, does that go? And thank you, Anthony. I know you need to go. So thank you once again for all the knowledge drops. And this is exciting. This is actually really really cool And hopefully, yeah, if you can come to enjoy the process, it'll be easier to do it and to do it consistently. And once you like can't start to see the virtues of it, it's really awesome
And hopefully, yeah, if you can come to enjoy the process, it'll be easier to do it and to do it consistently. And once you like can't start to see the virtues of it, it's really awesome To me, this is kind of like taking documentation and making it kind of more like an iterative, reproducible thing. Because a lot of people do it with a right all this like code and then like trying to document after the fact. And that's like, it's really hard to do
To me, this is kind of like taking documentation and making it kind of more like an iterative, reproducible thing. Because a lot of people do it with a right all this like code and then like trying to document after the fact. And that's like, it's really hard to do There's like so much context you need. Just like do stuff without thinking about it. And then when you're going back, you like forget steps or anything like that. So this way, we actually have to like write it down as you're doing it
There's like so much context you need. Just like do stuff without thinking about it. And then when you're going back, you like forget steps or anything like that. So this way, we actually have to like write it down as you're doing it As long as you write down everything you do, then you're guaranteed to get all the steps in there. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Well, thank you so much. I greatly appreciate it. And so much more learning. So until next time, thank you.
As long as you write down everything you do, then you're guaranteed to get all the steps in there. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Well, thank you so much. I greatly appreciate it. And so much more learning. So until next time, thank you.