for joining another teach Jen tech. Today we have Matt here. And y'all before like Matt gets to introduce himself and talk about what we're learning, his like Twitter name is M4DZ. And every single time until today, that is how I've been talking about him. And it's so simple, it's Matt's And now that you've told me that, I'm like, that makes so much sense. So Matt, please introduce yourself. I haven't let us know what we're going to be learning about today. Yeah, thank you. Thank you for having me today on the show. And really, we're happy, really excited to be here today
And now that you've told me that, I'm like, that makes so much sense. So Matt, please introduce yourself. I haven't let us know what we're going to be learning about today. Yeah, thank you. Thank you for having me today on the show. And really, we're happy, really excited to be here today It's been a while since I was on the show, because so I'm Matt. I'm a former front-end developer, former developer advocate. But I moved in a new company really recently, and knowing more responsible about developer experience and so on. And not that much involved in developer relations directly
It's been a while since I was on the show, because so I'm Matt. I'm a former front-end developer, former developer advocate. But I moved in a new company really recently, and knowing more responsible about developer experience and so on. And not that much involved in developer relations directly Let's say that. But yeah, the fact is, I'm most of all, I'm a dev tool nerd. I like the tools. I like developer tools because I'm developer
Let's say that. But yeah, the fact is, I'm most of all, I'm a dev tool nerd. I like the tools. I like developer tools because I'm developer And probably one of the things that I really love to do, it just tweaking things just to be sure that everything is working really well to help people to better work or better do their job, simply. So it was a long journey because I'm old. I'm old
And probably one of the things that I really love to do, it just tweaking things just to be sure that everything is working really well to help people to better work or better do their job, simply. So it was a long journey because I'm old. I'm old I'm old. And I had a long career over something like 20 years in the web ecosystem. So it was really interesting and really passionate to be there seeing the web evolving and the web platform evolving and so on
I'm old. And I had a long career over something like 20 years in the web ecosystem. So it was really interesting and really passionate to be there seeing the web evolving and the web platform evolving and so on But yeah, right now, I'm mainly working on improving the developer experience with some tools. And today, we're going to talk about documenting because documentation is a key to help people to understand your project and work with your project
But yeah, right now, I'm mainly working on improving the developer experience with some tools. And today, we're going to talk about documenting because documentation is a key to help people to understand your project and work with your project It's something that is not really easy to dive in and really easy to understand at first because nobody loves documentation. So yeah, I hope that we're going to cover as many things as we can to help you to better understand how to well-architecture documentation and so on. And that's it. Yay
It's something that is not really easy to dive in and really easy to understand at first because nobody loves documentation. So yeah, I hope that we're going to cover as many things as we can to help you to better understand how to well-architecture documentation and so on. And that's it. Yay And that's it. Yay. And Anthony and Ben, hello, hello. Yes, I am very excited about this today and the fact that I am not great at documentation. In general, I've had roles where they actually hired someone to follow me around to tell, like, figure out what I was doing. Hi, Bacari
And that's it. Yay. And Anthony and Ben, hello, hello. Yes, I am very excited about this today and the fact that I am not great at documentation. In general, I've had roles where they actually hired someone to follow me around to tell, like, figure out what I was doing. Hi, Bacari Hi, Bacari. Thank you for joining
Hi, Bacari. Thank you for joining And they, like, they literally, it took like a month from, like, for him to, like, figure out, like, what I was doing and document everything where if, as Anthony showed me how to do the read me yesterday, if I did that along the way, that would have been so much easier and documentation from doing it myself
And they, like, they literally, it took like a month from, like, for him to, like, figure out, like, what I was doing and document everything where if, as Anthony showed me how to do the read me yesterday, if I did that along the way, that would have been so much easier and documentation from doing it myself So I am very nervously excited about today. Yeah. So where do we start? What is documentation? If you were to, like, explain documentation, how do you explain it? Exactly. That's a good question
So I am very nervously excited about today. Yeah. So where do we start? What is documentation? If you were to, like, explain documentation, how do you explain it? Exactly. That's a good question What is documentation? This is a story of the trees falling at the forest, you know? Does a tree that fall in the forest make sounds or not? Is nobody is here to hear the sound? Maybe we could assume that the tree doesn't make sense or doesn't make a sound at all when it's falling
What is documentation? This is a story of the trees falling at the forest, you know? Does a tree that fall in the forest make sounds or not? Is nobody is here to hear the sound? Maybe we could assume that the tree doesn't make sense or doesn't make a sound at all when it's falling And this is exactly the same thing with documentation and project. You can do the best project of the world and it can be just extra-dinarily to help your teammates
And this is exactly the same thing with documentation and project. You can do the best project of the world and it can be just extra-dinarily to help your teammates But without a good documentation, nobody would want to use it and nobody would want to work with it because nobody would be able to understand how it works
But without a good documentation, nobody would want to use it and nobody would want to work with it because nobody would be able to understand how it works And now, saying is really intuitive, you know? We have to learn every day all our lives and how things is working and how to work with different things. So documentation is just that. It's just a way to help you to understand things and start working with different kind of things
And now, saying is really intuitive, you know? We have to learn every day all our lives and how things is working and how to work with different things. So documentation is just that. It's just a way to help you to understand things and start working with different kind of things And I guess the key in documentation is exactly that. It's here to help people to start. And because if you don't know where to start, you just can't use anything
And I guess the key in documentation is exactly that. It's here to help people to start. And because if you don't know where to start, you just can't use anything So yeah, ReadMe is a real good point because when you check out a new project, especially when you work in the open and you're checking out a new open source project and such and like that, we know ReadMe at all. I'm just closing the page
So yeah, ReadMe is a real good point because when you check out a new project, especially when you work in the open and you're checking out a new open source project and such and like that, we know ReadMe at all. I'm just closing the page I don't want to dive into the tool to understand how it works and so on. And you know, it's the first thing that I'm doing. It's time I'm installing a new tool or something like that
I don't want to dive into the tool to understand how it works and so on. And you know, it's the first thing that I'm doing. It's time I'm installing a new tool or something like that The first thing that I'm doing is just to launch the command with the help flag, you know, just to see the documentation in the CLI, just to understand, okay, is there a good documentation? What are my different options? How can I use this is, what is intended for
The first thing that I'm doing is just to launch the command with the help flag, you know, just to see the documentation in the CLI, just to understand, okay, is there a good documentation? What are my different options? How can I use this is, what is intended for And if you're not able to give that to the client, the rest of the world, it would be complex for your project to be really adopted by different kind of people
And if you're not able to give that to the client, the rest of the world, it would be complex for your project to be really adopted by different kind of people But I don't know, when I say different kind of people, it's also just be you in the future, you know? You're not the same person today than you will be in two months or in two years
But I don't know, when I say different kind of people, it's also just be you in the future, you know? You're not the same person today than you will be in two months or in two years And I can't count the number of different projects that I just tatted without any documentation, just for myself, just saying, okay, it's just a small tool, I just need a little script to do something, just cutting it easily, quickly and two months later, just giving into this project and saying, okay, what I tried to do with that, I don't understand what I want to do with it
And I can't count the number of different projects that I just tatted without any documentation, just for myself, just saying, okay, it's just a small tool, I just need a little script to do something, just cutting it easily, quickly and two months later, just giving into this project and saying, okay, what I tried to do with that, I don't understand what I want to do with it So yeah, leaving documentation, it's at first, it's also for you just to understand your work better. But it's not that easy because nobody is really good at writing documentation and accept for a few people. I guess so, but generally developers prefer code
So yeah, leaving documentation, it's at first, it's also for you just to understand your work better. But it's not that easy because nobody is really good at writing documentation and accept for a few people. I guess so, but generally developers prefer code And I often hear heard in the past that many developers saying, you know, code should be self explanatory and so on. But I did trust it in the past. I don't trust this vision anymore because it's not really helpful
And I often hear heard in the past that many developers saying, you know, code should be self explanatory and so on. But I did trust it in the past. I don't trust this vision anymore because it's not really helpful I mean, code need you to focus really heavily on what is written to really understand it because it's not natural language. It's a language with its grammar, with its vocabulary, but it's not natural language. And you can't read the code like you are reading a page in Wikipedia
I mean, code need you to focus really heavily on what is written to really understand it because it's not natural language. It's a language with its grammar, with its vocabulary, but it's not natural language. And you can't read the code like you are reading a page in Wikipedia And it's really not the same thing. So if you have to make this effort to understand what is really written into code, you'll probably miss some point of how the tool is made or what is it did for and so on. So yeah, you have to write it at some point. You have to document things
And it's really not the same thing. So if you have to make this effort to understand what is really written into code, you'll probably miss some point of how the tool is made or what is it did for and so on. So yeah, you have to write it at some point. You have to document things But nobody is really, I mean, developers are probably not that comfortable at writing. I'm not indefinitely producing documentation is something that is really, really complex to me because I'm not good at writing. I can, but it's a lot of efforts for me
But nobody is really, I mean, developers are probably not that comfortable at writing. I'm not indefinitely producing documentation is something that is really, really complex to me because I'm not good at writing. I can, but it's a lot of efforts for me So I definitely need some kind of frameworks and some kind of tools to help me to write better documentation. Got it. And thank you for that. You just Anthony also put it in the chat about that doctor primarily for yourself. And then it's a second word for others
So I definitely need some kind of frameworks and some kind of tools to help me to write better documentation. Got it. And thank you for that. You just Anthony also put it in the chat about that doctor primarily for yourself. And then it's a second word for others And I feel like you said that as well. I will say I completely understand your example on, we're not going to be the same person in two months. It has been exactly, Anthony came on the show again yesterday. And it was, he was my second guest
And I feel like you said that as well. I will say I completely understand your example on, we're not going to be the same person in two months. It has been exactly, Anthony came on the show again yesterday. And it was, he was my second guest And we did the read me for what he taught me a month ago. And I didn't remember anything that he taught me a month ago, at all. I was like, OK, cool. And so it's interesting how quickly we forget these things and how useful it can be. So I'm excited to talk about more of the theory today
And we did the read me for what he taught me a month ago. And I didn't remember anything that he taught me a month ago, at all. I was like, OK, cool. And so it's interesting how quickly we forget these things and how useful it can be. So I'm excited to talk about more of the theory today And when Ben was on the show, we did it more as a go through examples to discuss what we could or should or why something needs to be changed for web accessibility. And later on, he'll be back on so we can do examples of how to make that or how to make the changes
And when Ben was on the show, we did it more as a go through examples to discuss what we could or should or why something needs to be changed for web accessibility. And later on, he'll be back on so we can do examples of how to make that or how to make the changes So I'm glad we're doing the same thing, because it's a lot to go through
So I'm glad we're doing the same thing, because it's a lot to go through Now, as a very random side note, do you know why there are so many startups and APIs and tech companies from France? I'm still trying to figure this out, because as a co-organizer in the Denver API meetup, all three of the other co-organizers are from France
Now, as a very random side note, do you know why there are so many startups and APIs and tech companies from France? I'm still trying to figure this out, because as a co-organizer in the Denver API meetup, all three of the other co-organizers are from France I just was hired as a contractor for Devarale and Community, which everybody else listening, I will tell you details later. And my boss there also lived in France and speaks French. And my last name is French. And I'm like, how is there so much coming out of France? Specifically
I just was hired as a contractor for Devarale and Community, which everybody else listening, I will tell you details later. And my boss there also lived in France and speaks French. And my last name is French. And I'm like, how is there so much coming out of France? Specifically And I know, do you know why? Do you have theories? Yeah, we have many theories around this one. But there is a proverb in France that is saying, we don't have oil, but we have ideas. And this is probably exactly that. We are not a rich country producing a lot of resources
And I know, do you know why? Do you have theories? Yeah, we have many theories around this one. But there is a proverb in France that is saying, we don't have oil, but we have ideas. And this is probably exactly that. We are not a rich country producing a lot of resources You know, we don't have any pressure. We don't have any rare metals, mines, or things like that. We don't have anything. We just have our brains and that's all. And there is a long, long, long tradition in France over the centuries about thinking and philosophy and technical thinking and so on
You know, we don't have any pressure. We don't have any rare metals, mines, or things like that. We don't have anything. We just have our brains and that's all. And there is a long, long, long tradition in France over the centuries about thinking and philosophy and technical thinking and so on So we have, I guess, or really, really good schools in terms of tax and not only on the technical side, for sure. There are so many things. But this is something that French people really love, makes things complex, overthinking things
So we have, I guess, or really, really good schools in terms of tax and not only on the technical side, for sure. There are so many things. But this is something that French people really love, makes things complex, overthinking things So I guess that we are producing a lot of good engineers because we love to over-sing things. So I guess that's why. But it just went through many others, I guess. Ben just said that I hold people hostage. I get one guest. It's because I meet so many people
So I guess that we are producing a lot of good engineers because we love to over-sing things. So I guess that's why. But it just went through many others, I guess. Ben just said that I hold people hostage. I get one guest. It's because I meet so many people I've asked a lot of French individuals the same question, just to see, because I keep meeting them. And it's interesting, I don't know, because a lot of Vietnamese are there too. So then I'm going to ask you as the one person for accessibility now. You were the one person. And that's true
I've asked a lot of French individuals the same question, just to see, because I keep meeting them. And it's interesting, I don't know, because a lot of Vietnamese are there too. So then I'm going to ask you as the one person for accessibility now. You were the one person. And that's true And that's true. Because with Bacari, I would ask him about FinTech stuff. And with Anthony, I would talk one day maybe about Web 3 stuff, maybe. So yeah, I kind of asked the person from the area. So good call out, Ben. Good call out. All right. This is back on track
And that's true. Because with Bacari, I would ask him about FinTech stuff. And with Anthony, I would talk one day maybe about Web 3 stuff, maybe. So yeah, I kind of asked the person from the area. So good call out, Ben. Good call out. All right. This is back on track So I know when we first met, you gave, showed me a tool of, I said it correctly earlier, Daya, Texas. Yeah, that's it. Yes. Is that a good place to start? Or is there somewhere else that you think we should go through first? I guess that we will jump on it in a minute
So I know when we first met, you gave, showed me a tool of, I said it correctly earlier, Daya, Texas. Yeah, that's it. Yes. Is that a good place to start? Or is there somewhere else that you think we should go through first? I guess that we will jump on it in a minute But the reason I was, I just want to explain that. But because the reason I was that interesting about documentation and things like that, is that because in the long term, it's really complex to maintain the documentation. Writing a documentation is just something complex
But the reason I was, I just want to explain that. But because the reason I was that interesting about documentation and things like that, is that because in the long term, it's really complex to maintain the documentation. Writing a documentation is just something complex But maintaining a documentation over the time to help people to continuously find the right things at the right place and don't have content that is certainly outdated or something like that. It's also something really complex
But maintaining a documentation over the time to help people to continuously find the right things at the right place and don't have content that is certainly outdated or something like that. It's also something really complex When I was young, there was something in the dectailous comics, the junior wood checks manual, something like that, which was for the, the tonal text nephews. There are these kind of fictional scooting companies, something like that. And they have a manual
When I was young, there was something in the dectailous comics, the junior wood checks manual, something like that, which was for the, the tonal text nephews. There are these kind of fictional scooting companies, something like that. And they have a manual And each time they had a question about something, anything in the world to just open the manual. And they have a great description of what it is, what to deal with it, or to work with it, and how to get some advantage of it. And I was just fascinating about this book
And each time they had a question about something, anything in the world to just open the manual. And they have a great description of what it is, what to deal with it, or to work with it, and how to get some advantage of it. And I was just fascinating about this book What is it? How it works? What, what is this thing? This is just insane
What is it? How it works? What, what is this thing? This is just insane How could the whole no-lager humanity could be resumed in just one book? And with not only something really exhaustive like Wikipedia, where you have just a big description of what things are, but also a lot of instruction of how to use it and how to take advantage of things
How could the whole no-lager humanity could be resumed in just one book? And with not only something really exhaustive like Wikipedia, where you have just a big description of what things are, but also a lot of instruction of how to use it and how to take advantage of things And it was just really something crazy to me. So this is probably the things that I'm really seeking when working on documentation, you know, having this kind of efficiency when you are writing content to help people
And it was just really something crazy to me. So this is probably the things that I'm really seeking when working on documentation, you know, having this kind of efficiency when you are writing content to help people Not only what it is, or just a short description, or this is my project, and this is what I want to do with it, but really something helpful. What is it? How you can use it? What is, what it will provide you and so on? But it's a lot of content. So you have to structure the content
Not only what it is, or just a short description, or this is my project, and this is what I want to do with it, but really something helpful. What is it? How you can use it? What is, what it will provide you and so on? But it's a lot of content. So you have to structure the content And this is where the diatex is for a work, is entering the stage. The thing is that I spent a lot of time trying to figure out how to create a good documentation and how to organize the content
And this is where the diatex is for a work, is entering the stage. The thing is that I spent a lot of time trying to figure out how to create a good documentation and how to organize the content And the first time I was really involved in it were in my company, because we had some kind of documentation. I'm working at a hosting provider
And the first time I was really involved in it were in my company, because we had some kind of documentation. I'm working at a hosting provider So there is a lot of things to cover, how to pull your web pages, or to deploy, or to run a CI, or to commit some new stuff, or to configure some content, or to use some kind of database, which is my SQL or PuzzGrey, or using a broker, or using, well, you name it the whole web because this is really complex, especially in the backend
So there is a lot of things to cover, how to pull your web pages, or to deploy, or to run a CI, or to commit some new stuff, or to configure some content, or to use some kind of database, which is my SQL or PuzzGrey, or using a broker, or using, well, you name it the whole web because this is really complex, especially in the backend So we had this big amount of documentation that was just built over the time by just making some additions at some point, OK, we are missing this part, let's set it. But nothing was really well-structured
So we had this big amount of documentation that was just built over the time by just making some additions at some point, OK, we are missing this part, let's set it. But nothing was really well-structured So I started to handle it, and quickly I figured out, OK, we will have a problem with this one, because we really can't use the documentation right now. It's not usable, people are not finding the thing in it
So I started to handle it, and quickly I figured out, OK, we will have a problem with this one, because we really can't use the documentation right now. It's not usable, people are not finding the thing in it So we have to revamp everything from scratch and try to figure what the content we really need to use
So we have to revamp everything from scratch and try to figure what the content we really need to use And during this big search, I watched a lot of different content and different conferences, and there was one by the main maintainer of the documentation for the Django framework, which is a framework in Python, which is totally unrelated, but which is a framework that we are using on the platform, the company I'm working in
And during this big search, I watched a lot of different content and different conferences, and there was one by the main maintainer of the documentation for the Django framework, which is a framework in Python, which is totally unrelated, but which is a framework that we are using on the platform, the company I'm working in And he explained in one hour, oh, they finally decided to decouple different parts of the documentation. And it finally leads to the data access framework. Interesting. And I like the way you let up to that. And now I want to find that book and see if they have it in an English version
And he explained in one hour, oh, they finally decided to decouple different parts of the documentation. And it finally leads to the data access framework. Interesting. And I like the way you let up to that. And now I want to find that book and see if they have it in an English version Yeah, yeah, I guess there were some additions. I had a French addition somewhere in my pile of the books. But yeah, it's definitely not that complex that it is into comics because yeah, it's just comics. But yeah, it's was funny. OK. And I'm going to put the link in here before I forget
Yeah, yeah, I guess there were some additions. I had a French addition somewhere in my pile of the books. But yeah, it's definitely not that complex that it is into comics because yeah, it's just comics. But yeah, it's was funny. OK. And I'm going to put the link in here before I forget So anyone else that wants to look at this, right hand, on what we're using today. And now you mentioned that it was the Django, and which is a Python framework. And now is this doesn't matter on the back end or using a certain type of document
So anyone else that wants to look at this, right hand, on what we're using today. And now you mentioned that it was the Django, and which is a Python framework. And now is this doesn't matter on the back end or using a certain type of document Do you have a suggestion on documentation platform? Like if we want to create documentation, is there a good way to start thinking about that of where it should go before we go into what is it? It could just be me thinking about this to conceptualize this
Do you have a suggestion on documentation platform? Like if we want to create documentation, is there a good way to start thinking about that of where it should go before we go into what is it? It could just be me thinking about this to conceptualize this Seeing what the big picture is to go to the small picture. Yeah. Nothing forces you to build a comprehensive whole documentation at first. It will help you
Seeing what the big picture is to go to the small picture. Yeah. Nothing forces you to build a comprehensive whole documentation at first. It will help you It will help you. But more often, this is just you gathering some different pieces of information and trying to put everything in the same place, in the same shape
It will help you. But more often, this is just you gathering some different pieces of information and trying to put everything in the same place, in the same shape So generally, when you're starting a project, you just want to start with a really small amount of documentation, like just to read me with what are the prerequisites to run the project, how to quick start it, how to work in it, and develop in it
So generally, when you're starting a project, you just want to start with a really small amount of documentation, like just to read me with what are the prerequisites to run the project, how to quick start it, how to work in it, and develop in it Is there some kind of conventions or things that you have to follow to work with it, how to use it quickly, probably something like a license, a list of contributions of contributors on the project, how to get support on it. Because at first, probably you won't have enough time to write everything
Is there some kind of conventions or things that you have to follow to work with it, how to use it quickly, probably something like a license, a list of contributions of contributors on the project, how to get support on it. Because at first, probably you won't have enough time to write everything So it would be probably better if people are just popping and asking from some things saying, OK, I'm trying to do this or that, how to do it. And after that, you could progressively gather different pieces of information and trying to organize it
So it would be probably better if people are just popping and asking from some things saying, OK, I'm trying to do this or that, how to do it. And after that, you could progressively gather different pieces of information and trying to organize it And it's not always true because there is project that are really good at writing documentation. I have in mind the VGS framework. This is just, to me, this is just, I don't know, some kind of alien in this pace of web development
And it's not always true because there is project that are really good at writing documentation. I have in mind the VGS framework. This is just, to me, this is just, I don't know, some kind of alien in this pace of web development Because the first time I discovered the VGS, it was with the first version. And at that time, it was just the beginning of the reactive interfaces. And people were all saying about talking about React and working with React and so on. And I wasn't really convinced by React at this time
Because the first time I discovered the VGS, it was with the first version. And at that time, it was just the beginning of the reactive interfaces. And people were all saying about talking about React and working with React and so on. And I wasn't really convinced by React at this time So I just had to look through different alternatives. And I discovered VGS, which was some kind of side project or something like that, a really small one with not a lot of contributors. But the documentation, my god, it was just terribly good. It was just perfect
So I just had to look through different alternatives. And I discovered VGS, which was some kind of side project or something like that, a really small one with not a lot of contributors. But the documentation, my god, it was just terribly good. It was just perfect I just read it like a book from A to Z. And it was just, OK, after that, I felt really to use it. Because I saw the big level of how to use it. And what is it intended for? But I had also the opportunity to dive into the API and the primitives and how it is working under the hood
I just read it like a book from A to Z. And it was just, OK, after that, I felt really to use it. Because I saw the big level of how to use it. And what is it intended for? But I had also the opportunity to dive into the API and the primitives and how it is working under the hood So you are more confident in using the product because you can understand who it works. And yeah, but this is really not common. A lot of different projects don't have this high level of documentation prediction
So you are more confident in using the product because you can understand who it works. And yeah, but this is really not common. A lot of different projects don't have this high level of documentation prediction And I guess this is probably because even the creator of VGS really loves writing the documentation. So he's painting a lot of time on it. But not all project, especially project maintenance in open source, has this amount of time dedicated to write things and maintaining the documentation
And I guess this is probably because even the creator of VGS really loves writing the documentation. So he's painting a lot of time on it. But not all project, especially project maintenance in open source, has this amount of time dedicated to write things and maintaining the documentation So at first, producing a really small content of the documentation is probably enough. But as you are working on it and as you are fixing bags and adding new features and new things, you will probably have too much content that just you need to fit into the readmeas. This is just really good
So at first, producing a really small content of the documentation is probably enough. But as you are working on it and as you are fixing bags and adding new features and new things, you will probably have too much content that just you need to fit into the readmeas. This is just really good So you have to start day-coupley to content and keep the readme really small and understandable for newcomers. But after that, something like Wiki is probably something really great because you are just putting the documentation and you are just saving stuff for later
So you have to start day-coupley to content and keep the readme really small and understandable for newcomers. But after that, something like Wiki is probably something really great because you are just putting the documentation and you are just saving stuff for later And just for the future, as a reference, like, OK, how does this thing work? Or how I fix this specific bag or this specific issue? And so on. So this is great, especially when you are trying to work with different kinds of people
And just for the future, as a reference, like, OK, how does this thing work? Or how I fix this specific bag or this specific issue? And so on. So this is great, especially when you are trying to work with different kinds of people But quickly, you will probably have a project where in the Wiki, everything is just overwhelmed and just put at the same place without really a real organization or a real architecture and so on
But quickly, you will probably have a project where in the Wiki, everything is just overwhelmed and just put at the same place without really a real organization or a real architecture and so on So when you are touching this point where your documentation is not really available enough, and you don't want to read it anymore. Because it's not that good. And you know that it would be a pain to just find the right information into this amount of big Wiki
So when you are touching this point where your documentation is not really available enough, and you don't want to read it anymore. Because it's not that good. And you know that it would be a pain to just find the right information into this amount of big Wiki Then you will have to revamp it and to work on a dedicated where organized documentation. You can start with it directly at first. It's totally up to you. And it's nice things to do. But it needs you to be really focused on how to use it and how to use the content and so on
Then you will have to revamp it and to work on a dedicated where organized documentation. You can start with it directly at first. It's totally up to you. And it's nice things to do. But it needs you to be really focused on how to use it and how to use the content and so on And it's a lot of efforts. And at first, you probably won't just to produce code, rather than writing, writing, writing, writing and so on. I will say that I do want to get to writing more. This last week, I actually posted my first blog. I felt like such a cool kid
And it's a lot of efforts. And at first, you probably won't just to produce code, rather than writing, writing, writing, writing and so on. I will say that I do want to get to writing more. This last week, I actually posted my first blog. I felt like such a cool kid And I do want to go back and listen to my previous episodes to go through and be like, this is what I was hoping to get out of it. This is what I did get out of it. And these are things now I want to learn
And I do want to go back and listen to my previous episodes to go through and be like, this is what I was hoping to get out of it. This is what I did get out of it. And these are things now I want to learn But to give more of an access to those who want to watch the videos to learn more, because yes, this is video documentation, but not everybody learns by video documentation. I know that a lot of people learn by reading documentation where, me on the other hand, I'm like, I'll read it
But to give more of an access to those who want to watch the videos to learn more, because yes, this is video documentation, but not everybody learns by video documentation. I know that a lot of people learn by reading documentation where, me on the other hand, I'm like, I'll read it I'll probably get a decent understanding about it, but it doesn't always compute then how to do it, or without the screenshots or something like that. So we all learn so differently. And that's, I think, the beauty of it of when we have video or we have webinars, and we have documentation
I'll probably get a decent understanding about it, but it doesn't always compute then how to do it, or without the screenshots or something like that. So we all learn so differently. And that's, I think, the beauty of it of when we have video or we have webinars, and we have documentation There's so much that goes into it to read the code. Yeah, definitely. Definitely. When I'm applying at different kind of conferences, I often apply with regular talks, like 45 minutes or one hour on stage in front of people and just talking and explaining things and so on
There's so much that goes into it to read the code. Yeah, definitely. Definitely. When I'm applying at different kind of conferences, I often apply with regular talks, like 45 minutes or one hour on stage in front of people and just talking and explaining things and so on But I also love to submit workshops, because workshops are a really different way to learn
But I also love to submit workshops, because workshops are a really different way to learn You have three to fours, or even sometimes a full day, and you are totally dedicated to, okay, we're going to see how it works, working with in failing, fixing things, testing, and discussing with the audience, and you are just not in front of people and just clamoring and just explaining big things
You have three to fours, or even sometimes a full day, and you are totally dedicated to, okay, we're going to see how it works, working with in failing, fixing things, testing, and discussing with the audience, and you are just not in front of people and just clamoring and just explaining big things But you are more into the dirt, and this is what is really interesting. And it's a different way to learn, as you say. And some people need just tags, some people need code examples, or screenshots, or videos, or demonstrations, workshops are so good
But you are more into the dirt, and this is what is really interesting. And it's a different way to learn, as you say. And some people need just tags, some people need code examples, or screenshots, or videos, or demonstrations, workshops are so good So yeah, this is why producing documentation is that complex, because not all the people want the same thing
So yeah, this is why producing documentation is that complex, because not all the people want the same thing So we have to find a way to help people to access the documentation, and we need to find a way to help people to contribute to documentation, because the more contributors we will have, the best documentation will be at some point
So we have to find a way to help people to access the documentation, and we need to find a way to help people to contribute to documentation, because the more contributors we will have, the best documentation will be at some point And if you are a bit in the design side, or something like that, it definitely sounds like working with personas. So we, before writing the documentation, and this is why I really love the diatexist framework
And if you are a bit in the design side, or something like that, it definitely sounds like working with personas. So we, before writing the documentation, and this is why I really love the diatexist framework It's the first question is, okay, for who are we writing this documentation right now? Who are our users of the documentation? Because this is probably not the product, or the framework and so on. And we have to keep that in mind
It's the first question is, okay, for who are we writing this documentation right now? Who are our users of the documentation? Because this is probably not the product, or the framework and so on. And we have to keep that in mind That reminds me of yesterday, Anthony and I took a moment at looking at this, but it is interesting to think about who is gonna be using this, as you said
That reminds me of yesterday, Anthony and I took a moment at looking at this, but it is interesting to think about who is gonna be using this, as you said Yeah, and I think this is where I got a little loss and sometimes I do of, so, why would somebody do understanding oriented explanation instead of information oriented reference? Or, you know, so for those who are listening and watching, I've already put this in the chat
Yeah, and I think this is where I got a little loss and sometimes I do of, so, why would somebody do understanding oriented explanation instead of information oriented reference? Or, you know, so for those who are listening and watching, I've already put this in the chat And will you go through explaining this a bit more because I feel like it's since you're familiar with it. It's gonna be better than me explaining that. Yeah, for sure, for sure. I think that I really love with the diatexist framework is that it's not a tool
And will you go through explaining this a bit more because I feel like it's since you're familiar with it. It's gonna be better than me explaining that. Yeah, for sure, for sure. I think that I really love with the diatexist framework is that it's not a tool Because as technical people, we often like tools, because we often think that they will solve our problems, but it's not true. The tools are just things that we are doing with it. And that's all. So, the diatexist is totally agnostic
Because as technical people, we often like tools, because we often think that they will solve our problems, but it's not true. The tools are just things that we are doing with it. And that's all. So, the diatexist is totally agnostic It's just a framework, not in the technical sense of the term, but just give you frame and it's like a decision matrix
It's just a framework, not in the technical sense of the term, but just give you frame and it's like a decision matrix So, the idea is that you don't have, you can't write just one documentation because people, not all the people need the same kind of content, but you will probably have to maintain four different kind of documentation for the same products
So, the idea is that you don't have, you can't write just one documentation because people, not all the people need the same kind of content, but you will probably have to maintain four different kind of documentation for the same products And this split the different parts of the documentation in four big sections. The first one is the tutorial side. This is exactly what beginners want when they start with the project. I'm totally new with it. I don't know how it works
And this split the different parts of the documentation in four big sections. The first one is the tutorial side. This is exactly what beginners want when they start with the project. I'm totally new with it. I don't know how it works I just need some kind of quick start to quickly understand who it is and to have this really rewarding effort that suddenly, boom, it works. And you don't really understand what you're doing. You are just probably copy pasting some kind of commands or some chunks of codes, but suddenly it works
I just need some kind of quick start to quickly understand who it is and to have this really rewarding effort that suddenly, boom, it works. And you don't really understand what you're doing. You are just probably copy pasting some kind of commands or some chunks of codes, but suddenly it works And you are really happy with it because you were able to have it running and working. And this is a really great experience
And you are really happy with it because you were able to have it running and working. And this is a really great experience This is probably what makes the difference between leaving the product and not using it anymore because you are not able to run it and to have it working or being able to have some things. Which is probably not what you want in the end, but just at start, it's a good start
This is probably what makes the difference between leaving the product and not using it anymore because you are not able to run it and to have it working or being able to have some things. Which is probably not what you want in the end, but just at start, it's a good start So you have the tutorials and the tutorials are all dedicated to those different quick starting guides. And that's all. They are like a recycling piece in a kitchen. You are following the instruction and at the end, you will have a cake
So you have the tutorials and the tutorials are all dedicated to those different quick starting guides. And that's all. They are like a recycling piece in a kitchen. You are following the instruction and at the end, you will have a cake And independently of the context, independently of anything, you are in a situation, you have floor and eggs and blah, blah, blah. And your following instruction, in the end, you will have the same result. And you could replay it over and over and over and you will also have the same result
And independently of the context, independently of anything, you are in a situation, you have floor and eggs and blah, blah, blah. And your following instruction, in the end, you will have the same result. And you could replay it over and over and over and you will also have the same result It's really strong because it will structure the first impression on your product. On the other hand, you will also have some kind of how to guides, which are more dedicated to solve a specific problem
It's really strong because it will structure the first impression on your product. On the other hand, you will also have some kind of how to guides, which are more dedicated to solve a specific problem Like, okay, in this particular context, I'm using this product or I'm using this framework in a React application
Like, okay, in this particular context, I'm using this product or I'm using this framework in a React application And in this particular context, I'm facing this issue, how could I solve it? So the more oriented guides on when I'm in this kind of situation, how could I find an answer to my problem? So it's probably some content that is gathered over the time from the different kind of issues that were solved
And in this particular context, I'm facing this issue, how could I solve it? So the more oriented guides on when I'm in this kind of situation, how could I find an answer to my problem? So it's probably some content that is gathered over the time from the different kind of issues that were solved Like, okay, you are using the product, it's compatible with this and this and this and this. So if you are using a, do that, if you are using B, do that and so on
Like, okay, you are using the product, it's compatible with this and this and this and this. So if you are using a, do that, if you are using B, do that and so on So it's a great place, it probably replaced a weeky at some point, it's a place where you are just gathering different kind of content and different kinds of information. But they're all technically, technical oriented, it's for practicing or doing things. Okay
So it's a great place, it probably replaced a weeky at some point, it's a place where you are just gathering different kind of content and different kinds of information. But they're all technically, technical oriented, it's for practicing or doing things. Okay Okay. Third party, it's the explanation things where you are giving some kind of insights or on what is it, hold this content is working. Like we made a decision in the past
Okay. Third party, it's the explanation things where you are giving some kind of insights or on what is it, hold this content is working. Like we made a decision in the past Yeah, just a little story in parenthesis, but I first thought in my career as a freelancer and after five years and something like that, I joined a web agency and the first project I was working as what I was really young, I had, I don't know, 25, something like that
Yeah, just a little story in parenthesis, but I first thought in my career as a freelancer and after five years and something like that, I joined a web agency and the first project I was working as what I was really young, I had, I don't know, 25, something like that So I was in this agency and the first project I was working in was some kind of website factory met with Drupal in PHP and they asked me to add a new site into the factory and I was starting to work on it. And the more I worked on it, the more I was, what is this code? This is just scrap
So I was in this agency and the first project I was working in was some kind of website factory met with Drupal in PHP and they asked me to add a new site into the factory and I was starting to work on it. And the more I worked on it, the more I was, what is this code? This is just scrap Oh, how could we work with that? Oh, did you were able to produce that piece of sheet and this is for clients and I was young and I was really not a member at this time. And I worked on the project and after that, I was okay, okay, okay, I do understand why we're doing things like that
Oh, how could we work with that? Oh, did you were able to produce that piece of sheet and this is for clients and I was young and I was really not a member at this time. And I worked on the project and after that, I was okay, okay, okay, I do understand why we're doing things like that And it's not finally okay, it's scrap, but it could be more crappy like that than it is right now. So we have to be humble on what we are producing in our daily basis because there is context and there is things that are something of impact of what you are doing in your product
And it's not finally okay, it's scrap, but it could be more crappy like that than it is right now. So we have to be humble on what we are producing in our daily basis because there is context and there is things that are something of impact of what you are doing in your product But if you're not able to explain that and to explain why you made this decision at some point to just to why I'm using this particular library. Why did I for a kid rather than using the main one? Why there was the features that was missing and so on
But if you're not able to explain that and to explain why you made this decision at some point to just to why I'm using this particular library. Why did I for a kid rather than using the main one? Why there was the features that was missing and so on People will probably quickly judge you on what you did and it's not personal, but it's human, they will try to fix it and they will try to do a better things because they don't understand the context and they will last a lot of time, probably a lot of frustration trying to fix things that could not be fixed at some point or something like that
People will probably quickly judge you on what you did and it's not personal, but it's human, they will try to fix it and they will try to do a better things because they don't understand the context and they will last a lot of time, probably a lot of frustration trying to fix things that could not be fixed at some point or something like that But if you are able to give some kind of information in front of that, explain, okay, we're using this in this particular context because there is this specific things that we need to address and so on
But if you are able to give some kind of information in front of that, explain, okay, we're using this in this particular context because there is this specific things that we need to address and so on It will make your code and your decision more understandable for the rest of the contributors and the rest of the users. So this is exactly what the explanation part are dedicated to
It will make your code and your decision more understandable for the rest of the contributors and the rest of the users. So this is exactly what the explanation part are dedicated to The context designs decisions, architecture decisions, so it's kind of content that help to understand who it works behind the hood and how you could work and need to improve it. And finally, the fourth one is the reference
The context designs decisions, architecture decisions, so it's kind of content that help to understand who it works behind the hood and how you could work and need to improve it. And finally, the fourth one is the reference That is probably more something dedicated to a big comprehensive documentation of the different parts like, okay, I made a component and this component is exposing those properties and this component is exposing those methods and you could call this API and so on
That is probably more something dedicated to a big comprehensive documentation of the different parts like, okay, I made a component and this component is exposing those properties and this component is exposing those methods and you could call this API and so on This is like the manual pages in UNIX, when you type man and command in your terminal to get some information. This is exactly that
This is like the manual pages in UNIX, when you type man and command in your terminal to get some information. This is exactly that So if you organize your documentation and you put different parts of the documentation in one of those four parts, then you will be able to build a really comprehensive documentation because what is interesting is that they're working together
So if you organize your documentation and you put different parts of the documentation in one of those four parts, then you will be able to build a really comprehensive documentation because what is interesting is that they're working together I mean, if you are more interesting into practical example, you will have a look at tutorials and you will have a look at other guides because they are the technical side of the documentation
I mean, if you are more interesting into practical example, you will have a look at tutorials and you will have a look at other guides because they are the technical side of the documentation When you are working on understanding the basic understanding the gears that are pouring the product and so on, you will probably have a look more of the explanation to understand the context and understand why it is working like that and so on and you will have a look at the references to have a big overview and a big comprehension of the content
When you are working on understanding the basic understanding the gears that are pouring the product and so on, you will probably have a look more of the explanation to understand the context and understand why it is working like that and so on and you will have a look at the references to have a big overview and a big comprehension of the content But if you want to study on the product just to understand which works at first, then you are running the tutorials and when you are comfortable with the tutorials, you will probably have a look at the explanations because they are all dedicated to understand the big picture of the product and which works
But if you want to study on the product just to understand which works at first, then you are running the tutorials and when you are comfortable with the tutorials, you will probably have a look at the explanations because they are all dedicated to understand the big picture of the product and which works But if you are facing some issue at some point and you are working really working with the product, then you will have a look at the other guides to help you to fix the issues and to the references just to understand the API and the content behind it
But if you are facing some issue at some point and you are working really working with the product, then you will have a look at the other guides to help you to fix the issues and to the references just to understand the API and the content behind it So it's well made when you are looking for a content because you just have to ask yourself, okay, what kind of content I'm looking for? I'm looking for a big comprehensive content or I am looking for some kind of context and so on and you will be able to just pick the right part
So it's well made when you are looking for a content because you just have to ask yourself, okay, what kind of content I'm looking for? I'm looking for a big comprehensive content or I am looking for some kind of context and so on and you will be able to just pick the right part But if you are contributing to the documentation, the first question is, okay, I want to add this kind of content because it's something that I miss in the right zone. Because it's something that I miss in the documentation right now
But if you are contributing to the documentation, the first question is, okay, I want to add this kind of content because it's something that I miss in the right zone. Because it's something that I miss in the documentation right now What is the purposes of this content that I will produce to find the right place to put in it? I know, this is like a lot to take in. I was like, I like art things in the notes
What is the purposes of this content that I will produce to find the right place to put in it? I know, this is like a lot to take in. I was like, I like art things in the notes So would it, okay, words, so for example, a read me may be a bit more of an explanation and could be a bit of tutorial on how to as well, mattering on what it needs to do and how big the project is. Yeah, yeah, because read me is, it's sometimes the right place just to put everything in it
So would it, okay, words, so for example, a read me may be a bit more of an explanation and could be a bit of tutorial on how to as well, mattering on what it needs to do and how big the project is. Yeah, yeah, because read me is, it's sometimes the right place just to put everything in it And being just well-organized in different kinds of chapters, like a quick start section, then a hotu section, then some kind of explanation sections and the references could be in a dedicated page somewhere else
And being just well-organized in different kinds of chapters, like a quick start section, then a hotu section, then some kind of explanation sections and the references could be in a dedicated page somewhere else I'm saying a lot of really small tools in the Unix world, just dedicated to do just one thing and do it really well. And it's just how a simple read me and everything is in the read me because you don't have to cover a lot of information
I'm saying a lot of really small tools in the Unix world, just dedicated to do just one thing and do it really well. And it's just how a simple read me and everything is in the read me because you don't have to cover a lot of information It's probably a script with three flags and just one feature and that. So don't have to produce big documentation around that. Probably read me just enough. And everything is gathered at the same place. So don't have to follow a bunch of links and so on
It's probably a script with three flags and just one feature and that. So don't have to produce big documentation around that. Probably read me just enough. And everything is gathered at the same place. So don't have to follow a bunch of links and so on But if you are working on something really huge and really complex, like a library, like React or Django and so on, then yeah, you will probably need this kind of framework to help you well-organize and keeping things well-mantane of at the time
But if you are working on something really huge and really complex, like a library, like React or Django and so on, then yeah, you will probably need this kind of framework to help you well-organize and keeping things well-mantane of at the time Another thing that you don't have necessarily to build a big architecture and different kind of pages, you could do it step by step, you know, just starting the product, starting your project with a simple read me
Another thing that you don't have necessarily to build a big architecture and different kind of pages, you could do it step by step, you know, just starting the product, starting your project with a simple read me And as you are adding documentation in the read me, starting to create sections like, okay, we had a simple how to point into some issues or some peers. And over the time, you will refine it and add it more and more organized. But without really organizing your content in the diet access framework
And as you are adding documentation in the read me, starting to create sections like, okay, we had a simple how to point into some issues or some peers. And over the time, you will refine it and add it more and more organized. But without really organizing your content in the diet access framework But just having it in mind and just asking each time you are adding just a few words and you will present the documentation, okay, what kind of content I am trying to produce and what it will be used after that. It is some time enough
But just having it in mind and just asking each time you are adding just a few words and you will present the documentation, okay, what kind of content I am trying to produce and what it will be used after that. It is some time enough It is just a way to put your right mindset to write the proper piece of the documentation. I am also, and thank you for that
It is just a way to put your right mindset to write the proper piece of the documentation. I am also, and thank you for that And it definitely is over here on the side for anybody that is wondering and wanting to go through this of tutorials, how to guides reference explanation, and then understanding user's needs, tutorials versus how to guides
And it definitely is over here on the side for anybody that is wondering and wanting to go through this of tutorials, how to guides reference explanation, and then understanding user's needs, tutorials versus how to guides I think something that I am not seeing here that you used as a reference yet, it is not completely clicking, is like tutorials versus reference or explanation versus reference. Like the other three seem to be pretty self explanatory
I think something that I am not seeing here that you used as a reference yet, it is not completely clicking, is like tutorials versus reference or explanation versus reference. Like the other three seem to be pretty self explanatory But reference, I think, it would be something like, so yesterday I used some of, part of my read me had documentation that I needed to use from somewhere else. And I put in the link to that website, would that be reference? Yeah, definitely, definitely
But reference, I think, it would be something like, so yesterday I used some of, part of my read me had documentation that I needed to use from somewhere else. And I put in the link to that website, would that be reference? Yeah, definitely, definitely References where you will have a look when you are looking for extensive documentation, which could be something directly written in your documentation, but where you will probably also point to different kinds of links and different kinds of external resources to help you to better understand which works
References where you will have a look when you are looking for extensive documentation, which could be something directly written in your documentation, but where you will probably also point to different kinds of links and different kinds of external resources to help you to better understand which works You don't have to rewrite everything. I mean, if you are creating an interface that is using React, you won't rewrite the React documentation
You don't have to rewrite everything. I mean, if you are creating an interface that is using React, you won't rewrite the React documentation You will point to the different parts of the documentation in the React documentation that are really advanced to the different parts that you are looking for. So the reference to me, it's probably something like big Wikipedia. I love just wasting time in Wikipedia
You will point to the different parts of the documentation in the React documentation that are really advanced to the different parts that you are looking for. So the reference to me, it's probably something like big Wikipedia. I love just wasting time in Wikipedia Open a page, starting to look at it and open in the background five, six, ten, twelve links, and I just was just facing a new concept and I'm just, okay, what that? I don't know, I don't know this one. So I jumped to the concept, read it and so on, and suddenly it's four letters
Open a page, starting to look at it and open in the background five, six, ten, twelve links, and I just was just facing a new concept and I'm just, okay, what that? I don't know, I don't know this one. So I jumped to the concept, read it and so on, and suddenly it's four letters And you are just saying, okay, it's a, okay, I just wanted to learn a simple thing about plans. But, yeah, it's definitely that. Good reference, it's something where you could easily go over different kinds of concepts. I feel like, let's see if this one would work
And you are just saying, okay, it's a, okay, I just wanted to learn a simple thing about plans. But, yeah, it's definitely that. Good reference, it's something where you could easily go over different kinds of concepts. I feel like, let's see if this one would work So I used to work at Stoplight and Stoplight creates API specs, design first API specs, and gravity, for example, or X-way does API management
So I used to work at Stoplight and Stoplight creates API specs, design first API specs, and gravity, for example, or X-way does API management So let's say that they created their documentation and explanation is why they created something or more details of it, where reference could be like linking out to what is an API or like what is governance or something like that. Yes, this is exactly that
So let's say that they created their documentation and explanation is why they created something or more details of it, where reference could be like linking out to what is an API or like what is governance or something like that. Yes, this is exactly that And then explanation could be like why it for the Stoplight reference, why is design first better than code first? Yeah, exactly
And then explanation could be like why it for the Stoplight reference, why is design first better than code first? Yeah, exactly Or something really trivial like, okay, why did we choose this yellow shade for the primary color in the design
Or something really trivial like, okay, why did we choose this yellow shade for the primary color in the design And it's just as simple as that, you know, why, why using this yellow, why using this, you know, I have a friend that is working at a company in France orange, which is the telecom official provider from provider and so on
And it's just as simple as that, you know, why, why using this yellow, why using this, you know, I have a friend that is working at a company in France orange, which is the telecom official provider from provider and so on And they're doing a lot of work on accessibility and the orange, which is their primary color for sure with a name like that is a particular shade that is used because it's well test in terms of contrast in terms of accessibility needs and so on
And they're doing a lot of work on accessibility and the orange, which is their primary color for sure with a name like that is a particular shade that is used because it's well test in terms of contrast in terms of accessibility needs and so on And this is exactly the right place in the documentation to explanation is okay, why this shade of orange because it fits the different needs because it's a it's okay in terms of contrast and time or accessibility in terms of blah blah blah
And this is exactly the right place in the documentation to explanation is okay, why this shade of orange because it fits the different needs because it's a it's okay in terms of contrast and time or accessibility in terms of blah blah blah And this is just understanding everything that is running outside the product, but which made the nest of your product now
And this is just understanding everything that is running outside the product, but which made the nest of your product now Would I totally get it from like a company standpoint with documentation do developers ever make their own documentation like hey, this is all the stuff I've ever done to go with their like all of their projects like their get repository and be like hey, here's why I did all of these or something like that
Would I totally get it from like a company standpoint with documentation do developers ever make their own documentation like hey, this is all the stuff I've ever done to go with their like all of their projects like their get repository and be like hey, here's why I did all of these or something like that Yeah, I don't know, I don't know what to be honest, but yeah, it's interesting how to I know how people, especially developers are trying to document their own lives, you know, it's Yeah, I don't know maybe maybe because I'm dead, I have a developer mind because maybe because I'm just a deaf to know that I don't know, but we were currently revamping our whole apartment, you can see in the back that this is definitely not finished, but we're working on it
Yeah, I don't know, I don't know what to be honest, but yeah, it's interesting how to I know how people, especially developers are trying to document their own lives, you know, it's Yeah, I don't know maybe maybe because I'm dead, I have a developer mind because maybe because I'm just a deaf to know that I don't know, but we were currently revamping our whole apartment, you can see in the back that this is definitely not finished, but we're working on it And yesterday I was just okay, I want to remap finally I want to remap the slides because this is not exactly what we want
And yesterday I was just okay, I want to remap finally I want to remap the slides because this is not exactly what we want So I can't of remember that I have some wires that are coming from here to here or and suddenly I couldn't remember what I did because it was one year and a half ago, but I know that I have a lot of notes
So I can't of remember that I have some wires that are coming from here to here or and suddenly I couldn't remember what I did because it was one year and a half ago, but I know that I have a lot of notes And I just have to take my book and in it I will find the ski mask of different wiring process and so on and I know that everything is documented and it's really I don't know I'm using a lot of different tools to take notes and keep tracks of different things, you know, and I know that there is a lot of people that are doing that and that are not necessarily necessarily developers, you know, I have a really good friend, she loves going into bars and restaurant and she had a pile of notebooks where she just write everything she knows about I have to test Zeus and Zeus and Zeus restaurants and I want to, I keep this note and I have that in mind
And I just have to take my book and in it I will find the ski mask of different wiring process and so on and I know that everything is documented and it's really I don't know I'm using a lot of different tools to take notes and keep tracks of different things, you know, and I know that there is a lot of people that are doing that and that are not necessarily necessarily developers, you know, I have a really good friend, she loves going into bars and restaurant and she had a pile of notebooks where she just write everything she knows about I have to test Zeus and Zeus and Zeus restaurants and I want to, I keep this note and I have that in mind So we are all taking notes all over the time we are all documenting our lives and yeah it's not that different than just you know documenting a project at least it would probably be simpler to document a project because just a small part of our lives is that the way. But yeah, I don't know
So we are all taking notes all over the time we are all documenting our lives and yeah it's not that different than just you know documenting a project at least it would probably be simpler to document a project because just a small part of our lives is that the way. But yeah, I don't know That does make sense and I like what Anthony said to you do when I asked you developers document their projects like for themselves and you know like their work and he said only the selfless ones
That does make sense and I like what Anthony said to you do when I asked you developers document their projects like for themselves and you know like their work and he said only the selfless ones And I feel like this all lead to your example that makes sense where people that have written journals their entire life and maybe easier for them to one day write a book because they have all that documentation, whereas people that don't it's just based off of memory and probably forgot a bunch so so interesting
And I feel like this all lead to your example that makes sense where people that have written journals their entire life and maybe easier for them to one day write a book because they have all that documentation, whereas people that don't it's just based off of memory and probably forgot a bunch so so interesting It's interesting what you are saying about this concept of books and so on because these concepts of books
It's interesting what you are saying about this concept of books and so on because these concepts of books I tried to write technical books twice I guess something like that it was a big failure each time because I don't I don't know it's it's really hard for me to write stuff and produce 200 pages on a content and something like that. I don't have them
I tried to write technical books twice I guess something like that it was a big failure each time because I don't I don't know it's it's really hard for me to write stuff and produce 200 pages on a content and something like that. I don't have them I don't have them. Yeah, I don't know the right organization to do it the right way and so on and it's a shame because I have a lot of personal documentation all over my my notebooks and my journals and so on so this is always same thing
I don't have them. Yeah, I don't know the right organization to do it the right way and so on and it's a shame because I have a lot of personal documentation all over my my notebooks and my journals and so on so this is always same thing Why can't I convert those notes that I'm taking for myself into something more understandable for the rest of the world
Why can't I convert those notes that I'm taking for myself into something more understandable for the rest of the world And the complexity of the documentation is exactly that you are not writing only for you at some point you start for you but at some point you are also writing for the others and contributing and working with the others to build this documentation
And the complexity of the documentation is exactly that you are not writing only for you at some point you start for you but at some point you are also writing for the others and contributing and working with the others to build this documentation It needs an effort to twist your mindset into something that is not understandable only for you but also for the rest of the world. And it's not definitely not that easy. And that that also does make sense in. Anthony told me that it's
It needs an effort to twist your mindset into something that is not understandable only for you but also for the rest of the world. And it's not definitely not that easy. And that that also does make sense in. Anthony told me that it's When starting to write my read means or something like that or documenting it's also a lot easier to create blog posts because then you're in my mind that is like taking documentation and then telling a story with it like what you were to be able to write your
When starting to write my read means or something like that or documenting it's also a lot easier to create blog posts because then you're in my mind that is like taking documentation and then telling a story with it like what you were to be able to write your I haven't done it yet so we'll see we'll see how that. And I think I have the recorded I have the video yet that is something that I really do want to do so that way. This it was really helpful thinking of a way to like what video like
I haven't done it yet so we'll see we'll see how that. And I think I have the recorded I have the video yet that is something that I really do want to do so that way. This it was really helpful thinking of a way to like what video like I write a blog about a certain video or series like for example Bacari we had part one part two like it what am I going to do as a tutorial how to guide why did we do it that way references to for his we use square so references to square very interesting
I write a blog about a certain video or series like for example Bacari we had part one part two like it what am I going to do as a tutorial how to guide why did we do it that way references to for his we use square so references to square very interesting Yeah it's it's it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a complex thing to under it well and you don't have to be too rude with yourself when you're working because nothing is never perfect
Yeah it's it's it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a complex thing to under it well and you don't have to be too rude with yourself when you're working because nothing is never perfect So I started I don't know three months ago, four months ago something like that I started to write a simple blog post about my video setup because I'm also a singer show and I have a conversation on Twitter with people saying oh I see a lot of different people using these two and I don't know exactly which works and so on
So I started I don't know three months ago, four months ago something like that I started to write a simple blog post about my video setup because I'm also a singer show and I have a conversation on Twitter with people saying oh I see a lot of different people using these two and I don't know exactly which works and so on This is exactly my setup I can I can help you I can document that and help you to understand it well so I started to work is at first a simple blog post it's still in the process of writing because the more I'm working on it the more I'm just saying okay I need to add that and I need to add this and oh I'm missing this part to and it's it's time to become some big monster you know and and I'm really bad at writing blog post because I can't just cut at some point
This is exactly my setup I can I can help you I can document that and help you to understand it well so I started to work is at first a simple blog post it's still in the process of writing because the more I'm working on it the more I'm just saying okay I need to add that and I need to add this and oh I'm missing this part to and it's it's time to become some big monster you know and and I'm really bad at writing blog post because I can't just cut at some point And just say okay it's enough for this one and I will make another one later or maybe in three months to cover another part or making a series and and but when I'm starting to say okay I have to make a series and suddenly it's just okay but I have to actually what I will put in the first blog post and what in the second and oh and if I miss some point in the first one so you it's really really hard and yeah it's you don't have to be too rude
And just say okay it's enough for this one and I will make another one later or maybe in three months to cover another part or making a series and and but when I'm starting to say okay I have to make a series and suddenly it's just okay but I have to actually what I will put in the first blog post and what in the second and oh and if I miss some point in the first one so you it's really really hard and yeah it's you don't have to be too rude You don't have to be too rude with yourself just let's the content flow and nothing is is definitely done especially in the digital world you know we could also unpublish it if it's not that good and all we could just rewrite it and make another one I don't know I really admire people that I blogging for the last 15 or 20 years this is wow this is just incredible being being able to do it
You don't have to be too rude with yourself just let's the content flow and nothing is is definitely done especially in the digital world you know we could also unpublish it if it's not that good and all we could just rewrite it and make another one I don't know I really admire people that I blogging for the last 15 or 20 years this is wow this is just incredible being being able to do it I recommend that daily work in different kind of articles yeah that's really good
I recommend that daily work in different kind of articles yeah that's really good I admire that as well and it is hard work so for all of those out there doing that thank you for it and teaching us so much I will say that I'm a I have a lot of thoughts in my head right now that I think if we would go through websites I'd be like I don't know I feel like I need to sit with it in the fact of comparing them for myself for a bit and that is something that I've been learning for the the entire time I've been learning live is things may not make all the way make sense they don't need to and sometimes we just have to think on it or as one of my old bosses would say noodle on it of you know just like just let it sit and passively think of it and I really like that I think I'm going to do it
I admire that as well and it is hard work so for all of those out there doing that thank you for it and teaching us so much I will say that I'm a I have a lot of thoughts in my head right now that I think if we would go through websites I'd be like I don't know I feel like I need to sit with it in the fact of comparing them for myself for a bit and that is something that I've been learning for the the entire time I've been learning live is things may not make all the way make sense they don't need to and sometimes we just have to think on it or as one of my old bosses would say noodle on it of you know just like just let it sit and passively think of it and I really like that I think I'm going to do it And I really appreciate you coming on the show today is there anything that you specifically wanted to go over today that we haven't touched on
And I really appreciate you coming on the show today is there anything that you specifically wanted to go over today that we haven't touched on I guess it's already a lot of things so maybe maybe it's good to stop it right now and it was a real pleasure to be here and yeah maybe next time we could talk a bit more about something more technical starting documentation
I guess it's already a lot of things so maybe maybe it's good to stop it right now and it was a real pleasure to be here and yeah maybe next time we could talk a bit more about something more technical starting documentation Maybe covering different parts like front end versus back end which are different kinds of documentation to products. So yeah let's think about it but yeah for sure I'd be happy to be there for second one
Maybe covering different parts like front end versus back end which are different kinds of documentation to products. So yeah let's think about it but yeah for sure I'd be happy to be there for second one Thank you and before we go anyone listening and watching do you have any questions before we end today. I'm still taking notes. Oh yeah you've also given me like ideas of how networking is teaching me to code. The power of that word is teaching me to code
Thank you and before we go anyone listening and watching do you have any questions before we end today. I'm still taking notes. Oh yeah you've also given me like ideas of how networking is teaching me to code. The power of that word is teaching me to code Yeah for sure yeah I have a lot of people in mind so yeah. I will drop names. Awesome. Well thank you for joining Anthony I appreciate it because he helps me like course correct when I'm like wait these ideas early what. And awesome then we will schedule again and thank you Matt
Yeah for sure yeah I have a lot of people in mind so yeah. I will drop names. Awesome. Well thank you for joining Anthony I appreciate it because he helps me like course correct when I'm like wait these ideas early what. And awesome then we will schedule again and thank you Matt Thank you for having me and.
Thank you for having me and.