All right. Hello beautiful humans and thank you for joining Teach Gen Tech. Today we have Laura here and Laura, please introduce yourself and what you'll be teaching us today. Hi Gen and hello everybody. I am Laura. I am a technical writer at suborbital software systems But before I was a technical writer, I thought I was going to be a data scientist. And so I was studying Python and data science. And before that, I was a math professor. Actually until December. So all of those like before that are kind of short periods of time
But before I was a technical writer, I thought I was going to be a data scientist. And so I was studying Python and data science. And before that, I was a math professor. Actually until December. So all of those like before that are kind of short periods of time What is, did you see a data scientist? What is that? Okay, so it's kind of like how computer science used to be this like sort of small ish field and maybe people specialized in little bits of things, but more or less, everything sort of overlapped with everything
What is, did you see a data scientist? What is that? Okay, so it's kind of like how computer science used to be this like sort of small ish field and maybe people specialized in little bits of things, but more or less, everything sort of overlapped with everything And then now there's like front end and back end and there's this and there's that and there's all kinds of stuff. Right. And so data science has gone kind of the same way. So at a super high level, it's the study of data and like manipulating data and learning things from data and so on
And then now there's like front end and back end and there's this and there's that and there's all kinds of stuff. Right. And so data science has gone kind of the same way. So at a super high level, it's the study of data and like manipulating data and learning things from data and so on It's a subset of artificial intelligence. And they sometimes get used interchangeably machine learning is a type of data science. And of course that is also associated with artificial intelligence. So it's it's in that like genre. Interesting
It's a subset of artificial intelligence. And they sometimes get used interchangeably machine learning is a type of data science. And of course that is also associated with artificial intelligence. So it's it's in that like genre. Interesting Interesting. There's so much just realizing that my microphone is not in front of my face. Oh, yeah, my microphone sounds even better. I am very lazy about my microphone. And so I use my cool little headphones. I don't like a microphone in front of my face. I don't know. But all right
Interesting. There's so much just realizing that my microphone is not in front of my face. Oh, yeah, my microphone sounds even better. I am very lazy about my microphone. And so I use my cool little headphones. I don't like a microphone in front of my face. I don't know. But all right But all right. So I think that does make a bit of sense because from like when I started this journey of teach Gen Tech, which is not even two months old, which is bananas to me almost two months ago
But all right. So I think that does make a bit of sense because from like when I started this journey of teach Gen Tech, which is not even two months old, which is bananas to me almost two months ago I heard from a lot of people that Python was more of like backend stuff and JavaScript was all front end and that that was a big reason I started with JavaScript
I heard from a lot of people that Python was more of like backend stuff and JavaScript was all front end and that that was a big reason I started with JavaScript Now, could you and later this week will have Ian on from postman and he's going to be talking about like why you made shoes like one over the other like why you would use JavaScript or why you would use Python. I think perfect timing of you know it follows up for today. Is that in Douglas? Yes
Now, could you and later this week will have Ian on from postman and he's going to be talking about like why you made shoes like one over the other like why you would use JavaScript or why you would use Python. I think perfect timing of you know it follows up for today. Is that in Douglas? Yes Oh, I was just on his show like two weeks ago. Yeah, he's so cool. So he's going to be on and I think that's a great opportunity since I am learning this from you today. Yeah. I guess like especially since I heard Python does more like data and data mining and that kind of thing
Oh, I was just on his show like two weeks ago. Yeah, he's so cool. So he's going to be on and I think that's a great opportunity since I am learning this from you today. Yeah. I guess like especially since I heard Python does more like data and data mining and that kind of thing I'm scared about this one. Okay, because it's like for me at the moment, at the moment, maybe it's not going to be that complicated, but it's like harder to conceptualize that kind of that code is doing that. I don't know
I'm scared about this one. Okay, because it's like for me at the moment, at the moment, maybe it's not going to be that complicated, but it's like harder to conceptualize that kind of that code is doing that. I don't know I don't know. It's this has been a big journey for myself of like, oh yeah, it's that is how something is made instead of it just magically happened. So I'm excited about learning about it today also like we'll see how how much it like sinks in or not
I don't know. It's this has been a big journey for myself of like, oh yeah, it's that is how something is made instead of it just magically happened. So I'm excited about learning about it today also like we'll see how how much it like sinks in or not I mean, you can use Python for all kinds of stuff. You know, you can deploy apps to the web with Python like with frameworks like Django and Flask and so on. So it's not exclusively a data thing
I mean, you can use Python for all kinds of stuff. You know, you can deploy apps to the web with Python like with frameworks like Django and Flask and so on. So it's not exclusively a data thing But it is I think one of the easiest programming languages to learn like I think it's the maybe the best. I'm saying maybe because you know, I have a math background and so I can't say definitively that something is the best
But it is I think one of the easiest programming languages to learn like I think it's the maybe the best. I'm saying maybe because you know, I have a math background and so I can't say definitively that something is the best If there's any possibility that that might not be true for some edge cases, right. Basically, I think it's the best programming language for someone to learn because it's it's a lot less fiddly and we'll see we'll see sort of how that works up. Okay, I dig it. All right
If there's any possibility that that might not be true for some edge cases, right. Basically, I think it's the best programming language for someone to learn because it's it's a lot less fiddly and we'll see we'll see sort of how that works up. Okay, I dig it. All right All right. So I don't even know where to start. All right, cool. Let's see. Do you have that link or I can grab it for the book, automate the boring stuff with Python. I'll swipe it. Do you give me a second? I will grab that
All right. So I don't even know where to start. All right, cool. Let's see. Do you have that link or I can grab it for the book, automate the boring stuff with Python. I'll swipe it. Do you give me a second? I will grab that I'm grabbing it off screen because I'm really bad at like forgetting that kind of stuff and having to go back to Twitter, but I've got it here shortly. It's me. Did he. Tada. All right. Is that for you guys? I always feel like I don't make my browser. It looks good to me. Cool. All right. Yeah
I'm grabbing it off screen because I'm really bad at like forgetting that kind of stuff and having to go back to Twitter, but I've got it here shortly. It's me. Did he. Tada. All right. Is that for you guys? I always feel like I don't make my browser. It looks good to me. Cool. All right. Yeah All right. Yeah. Okay. And so I, when I started learning, okay. So I, the first programming language that I learned any of was HTML way back in the day. I learned the Geo City's days. And, and then I learned some Pearl, which is not very common these days, but it's kind of Python like
All right. Yeah. Okay. And so I, when I started learning, okay. So I, the first programming language that I learned any of was HTML way back in the day. I learned the Geo City's days. And, and then I learned some Pearl, which is not very common these days, but it's kind of Python like And then I learned C++ in a computer science class. And I could not believe how fiddly C++ was compared to Pearl. And so Python was very refreshing to me because it felt like felt more like Pearl. I think it was better. And I tried a bunch of different resources, including this one
And then I learned C++ in a computer science class. And I could not believe how fiddly C++ was compared to Pearl. And so Python was very refreshing to me because it felt like felt more like Pearl. I think it was better. And I tried a bunch of different resources, including this one And this one was my favorite for a whole bunch of reasons. And Al Swargaard is really active on Twitter. And I like when I was working on a, on a one of the exercises in this book, I had a question, I DMed him and he literally answered me in like 20 minutes. And we had a whole conversation
And this one was my favorite for a whole bunch of reasons. And Al Swargaard is really active on Twitter. And I like when I was working on a, on a one of the exercises in this book, I had a question, I DMed him and he literally answered me in like 20 minutes. And we had a whole conversation So he is the tremendous bestest for, for this, I think. And he's made this book available, you know, for free. So you can buy the physical book or an e copy of the book, which I highly recommend to support Al's amazing community efforts. And for today, we can just use the browser version though
So he is the tremendous bestest for, for this, I think. And he's made this book available, you know, for free. So you can buy the physical book or an e copy of the book, which I highly recommend to support Al's amazing community efforts. And for today, we can just use the browser version though And that's, that's interesting and good to know. I think something that you and I were talking about beforehand is like you learned from using this. And I'm like, this is, this is probably one of the biggest reasons I never got into code before this. Like I took
And that's, that's interesting and good to know. I think something that you and I were talking about beforehand is like you learned from using this. And I'm like, this is, this is probably one of the biggest reasons I never got into code before this. Like I took Like I took. I took a, I think it was C sharp class. And in, in my many random tangents of university and it never communicated because it was a lot of like reading the text to be able to create things. And this is probably almost probably 15 years ago
Like I took. I took a, I think it was C sharp class. And in, in my many random tangents of university and it never communicated because it was a lot of like reading the text to be able to create things. And this is probably almost probably 15 years ago And I wasn't getting it, but I needed to pass the class. So I ended up hiring someone off a Craigslist to do my homework and make the mistakes because it just, it didn't make sense
And I wasn't getting it, but I needed to pass the class. So I ended up hiring someone off a Craigslist to do my homework and make the mistakes because it just, it didn't make sense And I love now that there's like applications that we can use for the tech and to, you know, screen readers or text to speech. That's helped so much. And then also learning my own learning styles
And I love now that there's like applications that we can use for the tech and to, you know, screen readers or text to speech. That's helped so much. And then also learning my own learning styles Like that's a big reason that I started to teach Shandak is I was trying to do like LinkedIn or code Academy. And that's just not sinking in the same way where when I get to learn about all this random shit. And then I get to go, ooh, teach me the things. And let me ask you all the questions
Like that's a big reason that I started to teach Shandak is I was trying to do like LinkedIn or code Academy. And that's just not sinking in the same way where when I get to learn about all this random shit. And then I get to go, ooh, teach me the things. And let me ask you all the questions Because if I don't learn that how a goes to M and kind of associates with Z. I'm going to get really stuck on it and not be able to move forward. So I super appreciate you coming on the show and. Sure thing. Yeah, I think we, it sounds like we have pretty similar reading styles. So perfect. Sweet
Because if I don't learn that how a goes to M and kind of associates with Z. I'm going to get really stuck on it and not be able to move forward. So I super appreciate you coming on the show and. Sure thing. Yeah, I think we, it sounds like we have pretty similar reading styles. So perfect. Sweet So perfect. Sweet. All right. What? So we're going through here. And I honestly didn't even look at it before today. No worries. Yep. You can scroll past all the way they played. And I think we don't necessarily need to read the introduction
So perfect. Sweet. All right. What? So we're going through here. And I honestly didn't even look at it before today. No worries. Yep. You can scroll past all the way they played. And I think we don't necessarily need to read the introduction Although he does, he does call out like in the who this, sorry, if you scroll up just a little bit like who this book is for
Although he does, he does call out like in the who this, sorry, if you scroll up just a little bit like who this book is for And specifically says countless books, interactive web tutorials and developer boot camps promise to turn ambitious beginners into software engineers with six figure salaries. This book is not for those people. It's for everyone else. I did that because yeah, that is
And specifically says countless books, interactive web tutorials and developer boot camps promise to turn ambitious beginners into software engineers with six figure salaries. This book is not for those people. It's for everyone else. I did that because yeah, that is And that's why I really like that this has been starting to build a community because being able to show people that they can learn no matter what their learning style is and also giving them an opportunity to ask questions and an outlet to ask questions. So I love now I love it even more. Yes
And that's why I really like that this has been starting to build a community because being able to show people that they can learn no matter what their learning style is and also giving them an opportunity to ask questions and an outlet to ask questions. So I love now I love it even more. Yes Yes. Okay. And so if we keep going. Do do do. Yeah. And so since you already have experience with a programming language, I figure we won't necessarily talk about everything like this part like what is programming. We basically know, you know, know that
Yes. Okay. And so if we keep going. Do do do. Yeah. And so since you already have experience with a programming language, I figure we won't necessarily talk about everything like this part like what is programming. We basically know, you know, know that And anybody who wants to read that, of course, can follow the link and read all of this good stuff. Yes. And to that point, I will put the link will be also added to the description, but it will also be commented right here. So it went to both YouTube and Twitch. Oh, what is Python? Yeah
And anybody who wants to read that, of course, can follow the link and read all of this good stuff. Yes. And to that point, I will put the link will be also added to the description, but it will also be commented right here. So it went to both YouTube and Twitch. Oh, what is Python? Yeah And so so it does it does actually come from Monty Python
And so so it does it does actually come from Monty Python And there was a great interaction once when one of one of the people from I think it was maybe Michael Palin from Monty Python saw the word Python trending on Twitter and was like, oh, I thought it was going to be a lot of us, but it was actually about the programming language
And there was a great interaction once when one of one of the people from I think it was maybe Michael Palin from Monty Python saw the word Python trending on Twitter and was like, oh, I thought it was going to be a lot of us, but it was actually about the programming language And then Guido, oh, I can't remember his last name. Anyway, he wrote Python. And he was like, but it is kind of actually about you also high Mr. Monty Python person. And they had this whole little like, oh, that's nice. Who are you? I'm this. You know, it was just like one of those
And then Guido, oh, I can't remember his last name. Anyway, he wrote Python. And he was like, but it is kind of actually about you also high Mr. Monty Python person. And they had this whole little like, oh, that's nice. Who are you? I'm this. You know, it was just like one of those God, I love the internet. Yes, I would say it's so cool because I think this is my 16th or 17th episode. And everyone I have met except Ian, Ian, I met in person. Everyone else, I have met through Twitter. Yeah, yeah, I actually don't know how to do a career without Twitter. Like, and that's not
God, I love the internet. Yes, I would say it's so cool because I think this is my 16th or 17th episode. And everyone I have met except Ian, Ian, I met in person. Everyone else, I have met through Twitter. Yeah, yeah, I actually don't know how to do a career without Twitter. Like, and that's not And I didn't even know how to use Twitter before this, this journey. So I started using Twitter in June. And now I'm like, it's so fun. Yeah, people are people are always like, oh, you need to be, you know, on LinkedIn for whatever
And I didn't even know how to use Twitter before this, this journey. So I started using Twitter in June. And now I'm like, it's so fun. Yeah, people are people are always like, oh, you need to be, you know, on LinkedIn for whatever And I'm like, I guess, I mean, yes, you should have a LinkedIn profile. But should you be spending a lot of time on LinkedIn? I just, I don't really buy it. You know, I think it's I think if you're going to spend time on a social media platform. And you're looking for a job in tech
And I'm like, I guess, I mean, yes, you should have a LinkedIn profile. But should you be spending a lot of time on LinkedIn? I just, I don't really buy it. You know, I think it's I think if you're going to spend time on a social media platform. And you're looking for a job in tech And the one that you should be spending your time on is Twitter. I dig it. I dig it. Okay. Hey, and then we've got, I feel like you, you know a lot of math, but I'm excited about this. Yeah
And the one that you should be spending your time on is Twitter. I dig it. I dig it. Okay. Hey, and then we've got, I feel like you, you know a lot of math, but I'm excited about this. Yeah Yeah. So, so I mean, at since you've already done some programming, then you know that you don't need to know a lot of math in order to be a programmer. Why do I guess I don't know where that idea came from that you have to know a lot of math
Yeah. So, so I mean, at since you've already done some programming, then you know that you don't need to know a lot of math in order to be a programmer. Why do I guess I don't know where that idea came from that you have to know a lot of math So I suspect it came from I kind of want to say two places, but maybe it's sort of the same place in the end. The original computer scientists were mathematicians full stop like Alan Turing. What was his degree in math? What he referred to himself as computer scientist? No
So I suspect it came from I kind of want to say two places, but maybe it's sort of the same place in the end. The original computer scientists were mathematicians full stop like Alan Turing. What was his degree in math? What he referred to himself as computer scientist? No You know, he was a mathematician. And so, and this, and so it really it really arose from from math. Okay. And the other thing is that if you're doing a computer science degree at a university, you will be required to work through up through like probably calculus one
You know, he was a mathematician. And so, and this, and so it really it really arose from from math. Okay. And the other thing is that if you're doing a computer science degree at a university, you will be required to work through up through like probably calculus one You have to take this discrete math. I forgot about that because I did not realize that I was incredibly dyslexic and you know me in school in general, being ADHD and all that, but I would always fail math. Like I've had whatever amount. I always had to like take multiple math classes
You have to take this discrete math. I forgot about that because I did not realize that I was incredibly dyslexic and you know me in school in general, being ADHD and all that, but I would always fail math. Like I've had whatever amount. I always had to like take multiple math classes The same like I think I've taken algebra one three times. Then you haven't taken it as many times as I have. What? True story. Yeah, well, I still haven't passed. I just kind of gave up on it. I was just like, what up, no, well, I'm just saying I took algebra one whole bunch of times
The same like I think I've taken algebra one three times. Then you haven't taken it as many times as I have. What? True story. Yeah, well, I still haven't passed. I just kind of gave up on it. I was just like, what up, no, well, I'm just saying I took algebra one whole bunch of times I took calculus one four times three three times three times. Yeah, I have graduate degrees in math
I took calculus one four times three three times three times. Yeah, I have graduate degrees in math But I just, you are reminding me why I also didn't continue down a computer science degree because I would do the math like, you know, the right problem solving skills, but I never realized how much I disposed my numbers. And even in the calculator
But I just, you are reminding me why I also didn't continue down a computer science degree because I would do the math like, you know, the right problem solving skills, but I never realized how much I disposed my numbers. And even in the calculator So like, even though the plot, like if it was written right. Which makes me happy to hear not happy, but kind of happy that I feel very validated. You know, and it's interesting to I feel like I mean, this is way off topic, but I feel like we do math a huge disservice because there's
So like, even though the plot, like if it was written right. Which makes me happy to hear not happy, but kind of happy that I feel very validated. You know, and it's interesting to I feel like I mean, this is way off topic, but I feel like we do math a huge disservice because there's There's just so much stuff that's fun in math like graph theory, which sounds like you're doing a bunch of like making graphs and so on, but it's all like it's all nodes
There's just so much stuff that's fun in math like graph theory, which sounds like you're doing a bunch of like making graphs and so on, but it's all like it's all nodes Like connected to other nodes and you're actually drawing pictures of these nodes talking to each other and like how they're connected and like studying all of those things
Like connected to other nodes and you're actually drawing pictures of these nodes talking to each other and like how they're connected and like studying all of those things And I always say I like my math with as few numbers as possible and people's minds are blown because they're like, what is math without numbers, but it's this whole world of math with symbols that aren't numbers. And it's it yeah. So anyway, it's super cool
And I always say I like my math with as few numbers as possible and people's minds are blown because they're like, what is math without numbers, but it's this whole world of math with symbols that aren't numbers. And it's it yeah. So anyway, it's super cool There's all kinds of cool stuff in there. Yeah, I feel like maybe one day I'll go back, but like something that I'm realizing as an adult that has taken me a really long time is to focus on one thing at a time and not try to do everything at once. Sure
There's all kinds of cool stuff in there. Yeah, I feel like maybe one day I'll go back, but like something that I'm realizing as an adult that has taken me a really long time is to focus on one thing at a time and not try to do everything at once. Sure Sure. So I say that because I should probably get back to this, but also in the fact that like I used to be like, oh, I can learn coding and to do math and to do baking. I don't know. I'm totally in this up, but sure you only do all of them half ass unless you like actually focus at one of them
Sure. So I say that because I should probably get back to this, but also in the fact that like I used to be like, oh, I can learn coding and to do math and to do baking. I don't know. I'm totally in this up, but sure you only do all of them half ass unless you like actually focus at one of them I think it depends on the person. So I have I feel like my my so I also have ADHD and I feel like my brain has three channels. And I have to kind of have all three of them going at once. Or else, whichever one I'm trying to use, the other two will just start doing random stuff
I think it depends on the person. So I have I feel like my my so I also have ADHD and I feel like my brain has three channels. And I have to kind of have all three of them going at once. Or else, whichever one I'm trying to use, the other two will just start doing random stuff Like I can either fill those channels with something intentional or they will fill themselves, but they're not going to be empty, you know, almost ever. And so for me, having actually and so this happened to you all the time when I was a math student, I would be working on a problem
Like I can either fill those channels with something intentional or they will fill themselves, but they're not going to be empty, you know, almost ever. And so for me, having actually and so this happened to you all the time when I was a math student, I would be working on a problem I'd get super stuck. I had to go do something else. And then I'd come back and be like, oh, it's this. Like why did not thinking about this for two hours suddenly mean that I figured out something that I had been thinking about for four hours and didn't get to the answer
I'd get super stuck. I had to go do something else. And then I'd come back and be like, oh, it's this. Like why did not thinking about this for two hours suddenly mean that I figured out something that I had been thinking about for four hours and didn't get to the answer You know that and so I mean, yeah, and so like you can and so maybe maybe that thing is like, okay, I'm just going to go for a walk or I'm going to go
You know that and so I mean, yeah, and so like you can and so maybe maybe that thing is like, okay, I'm just going to go for a walk or I'm going to go Make dinner or something like that, but if it's if if you are fortunate enough as I have been sometimes to be able to devote a lot of your work time to studying
Make dinner or something like that, but if it's if if you are fortunate enough as I have been sometimes to be able to devote a lot of your work time to studying For me, if I spent all of that time studying one topic, I am going to get something out of it, but not as much as I would have done if I had spent that time studying like three topics. I get you there, I think for. I feel very, very similar. I think it's when I mention it, it's more of like
For me, if I spent all of that time studying one topic, I am going to get something out of it, but not as much as I would have done if I had spent that time studying like three topics. I get you there, I think for. I feel very, very similar. I think it's when I mention it, it's more of like I'm wondering on the difficulty of what I'm learning so like baking is going to be completely different. Like I don't know anything about baking. So that's going to be completely different than coding that is not using like the same wave links
I'm wondering on the difficulty of what I'm learning so like baking is going to be completely different. Like I don't know anything about baking. So that's going to be completely different than coding that is not using like the same wave links Like I have my podcast shit you don't want to talk about. Then I have teach Gen Tech that I'm an API co organizer for the meetup here in Denver and then you know starting a new part time job like they're all on the same wave links. So it's a lot easier to conceptualize where
Like I have my podcast shit you don't want to talk about. Then I have teach Gen Tech that I'm an API co organizer for the meetup here in Denver and then you know starting a new part time job like they're all on the same wave links. So it's a lot easier to conceptualize where I feel like, okay, like this, you just got to join on Wednesdays because like Wednesdays, we do a Twitter space talking about mental health, neurodivergency and tech. And I feel like this is such an important topic. Yeah, love to. Yes, yes
I feel like, okay, like this, you just got to join on Wednesdays because like Wednesdays, we do a Twitter space talking about mental health, neurodivergency and tech. And I feel like this is such an important topic. Yeah, love to. Yes, yes Yes, yes. And yes, no, I don't know why we take algebra one so much, but I do like the fact that we're never too old to learn programming. I feel that in 34. I feel like an old lady. And I'm learning. I do know why I think algebra one a lot of times
Yes, yes. And yes, no, I don't know why we take algebra one so much, but I do like the fact that we're never too old to learn programming. I feel that in 34. I feel like an old lady. And I'm learning. I do know why I think algebra one a lot of times It's because it's the first time that you're pulling together all kinds of different things that you've been learning since you were four
It's because it's the first time that you're pulling together all kinds of different things that you've been learning since you were four You're pulling them all together to do them at the same time because previously we were doing like right now we're doing multiplication and then we're doing division. And then we're going to do fractions and then decimals and then long division or something and then integers and so on
You're pulling them all together to do them at the same time because previously we were doing like right now we're doing multiplication and then we're doing division. And then we're going to do fractions and then decimals and then long division or something and then integers and so on So we're doing all of these things siloed. And then in algebra, we're bringing them all together for the first time, which means that we're having to relearn the ones that we forgot. And having to unlearn things we thought we understood that were incorrect. And having to
So we're doing all of these things siloed. And then in algebra, we're bringing them all together for the first time, which means that we're having to relearn the ones that we forgot. And having to unlearn things we thought we understood that were incorrect. And having to And having to. And yeah, so then excuse me, I'm going to cough. Having to use them all together and like use them to solve problems. So it's like if you've spent, you know, all of your time learning how to use a hammer and you're just doing the hammer by itself
And having to. And yeah, so then excuse me, I'm going to cough. Having to use them all together and like use them to solve problems. So it's like if you've spent, you know, all of your time learning how to use a hammer and you're just doing the hammer by itself And a few weeks later, you're just doing the screwdriver and a few weeks later, you're doing the saw or something, then, then I'll then you bring them all together to make an actual project. The project is not going to come out very well the first time
And a few weeks later, you're just doing the screwdriver and a few weeks later, you're doing the saw or something, then, then I'll then you bring them all together to make an actual project. The project is not going to come out very well the first time Yeah, even come out great the second time by the third time you're starting to get the hang of it, right. Algebra is a project. Right. Learning your tools
Yeah, even come out great the second time by the third time you're starting to get the hang of it, right. Algebra is a project. Right. Learning your tools It's both it's like learning it's using all the tools that you've been amassing for six years using those all together and learning some new ones. So like, of course, it's going to take some time. Interesting
It's both it's like learning it's using all the tools that you've been amassing for six years using those all together and learning some new ones. So like, of course, it's going to take some time. Interesting Interesting. And the reason that we feel like it's a problem is because we get graded on how quickly we can nash these things together. And have to repay for another semester of the same class. That's true. And people people and there's like shame involved in it and so on. So yeah, oh my gosh
Interesting. And the reason that we feel like it's a problem is because we get graded on how quickly we can nash these things together. And have to repay for another semester of the same class. That's true. And people people and there's like shame involved in it and so on. So yeah, oh my gosh That's why it's not algebra's fault. Okay. Anyway, I like that. So I'm not saying that it's not algebra's fault. Now I'm like so curious. And if you said it was a. How do you say it's like it's like it's like it's like it's if he's neurodivergent as well. Because making this book
That's why it's not algebra's fault. Okay. Anyway, I like that. So I'm not saying that it's not algebra's fault. Now I'm like so curious. And if you said it was a. How do you say it's like it's like it's like it's like it's if he's neurodivergent as well. Because making this book But so I'll have you ever hear this. Come hang out with us. That's all I got. Yes. Yes. And we could we could tag him too. And. And yeah, yeah. And I mean, I can't speak for else. I don't actually know. I'll swag it personally. I mean, we've we've chatted once like two years ago on DM
But so I'll have you ever hear this. Come hang out with us. That's all I got. Yes. Yes. And we could we could tag him too. And. And yeah, yeah. And I mean, I can't speak for else. I don't actually know. I'll swag it personally. I mean, we've we've chatted once like two years ago on DM But anyway, I have a pet theory that is actually born out by data that neurodivergent people tend to be. And so we have to have good vibes with other neurodivergent people
But anyway, I have a pet theory that is actually born out by data that neurodivergent people tend to be. And so we have to have good vibes with other neurodivergent people And so if somebody likes if a neurodivergent person likes somebody's vibes, the odds that that person is also neurodivergent are quite high. Cannot be. I dig it out. Like we've already talked you on Twitter. I'm just going to tag you all the time now to. To check this out. All right. So
And so if somebody likes if a neurodivergent person likes somebody's vibes, the odds that that person is also neurodivergent are quite high. Cannot be. I dig it out. Like we've already talked you on Twitter. I'm just going to tag you all the time now to. To check this out. All right. So All right. So. I'm going just to the overview. We got part one Python programming basics. And so chapter one is the basics. Yeah, covers expressions, the most basic type of Python instruction. And how to use Python interactive shell software to experiment with code chapter two flow control
All right. So. I'm going just to the overview. We got part one Python programming basics. And so chapter one is the basics. Yeah, covers expressions, the most basic type of Python instruction. And how to use Python interactive shell software to experiment with code chapter two flow control I'm scrolling through this because there's a lot here. And I know we are starting at the beginning. And anybody that wants to come check this out, they can. So. Yeah. So let's pause here. So I was like, Hey, this is a lot of people. Yep. Yeah. So we
I'm scrolling through this because there's a lot here. And I know we are starting at the beginning. And anybody that wants to come check this out, they can. So. Yeah. So let's pause here. So I was like, Hey, this is a lot of people. Yep. Yeah. So we Yep. Yeah. So we. Definitely want to use Python three and not Python two. Because Python two is no longer supported. That's relatively recent. Okay. Maybe. Maybe two years ago that Python two was unsupported. Okay. All right. So we'll go. We'll go get Python. And then. And then. And then. Okay
Yep. Yeah. So we. Definitely want to use Python three and not Python two. Because Python two is no longer supported. That's relatively recent. Okay. Maybe. Maybe two years ago that Python two was unsupported. Okay. All right. So we'll go. We'll go get Python. And then. And then. And then. Okay And then. Okay. Look, it's the latest version. I'm writing my reading you on the other screen. Oh, sure. And if I can get used to it, at least taking the notes while we're doing it. I used to do that. And I didn't really get used to it. I didn't really get used to it. And then. And then
And then. Okay. Look, it's the latest version. I'm writing my reading you on the other screen. Oh, sure. And if I can get used to it, at least taking the notes while we're doing it. I used to do that. And I didn't really get used to it. I didn't really get used to it. And then. And then And then. And then. I just, I sort of still do. I made them into blog posts. And it's literally how I got my job. For the back. That's actually what I want to do is go back and start blogging about them. I wrote my first blog last week. I've never published a blog before. So
And then. And then. I just, I sort of still do. I made them into blog posts. And it's literally how I got my job. For the back. That's actually what I want to do is go back and start blogging about them. I wrote my first blog last week. I've never published a blog before. So So. That's a big reason that I'm like wanting to pay more attention to my readmys. Because now that Anthony, who is on last week started to explain it. I'm like, I have to go back and do my own thing. I'm like, I don't know what that means
So. That's a big reason that I'm like wanting to pay more attention to my readmys. Because now that Anthony, who is on last week started to explain it. I'm like, I have to go back and do my own thing. I'm like, I don't know what that means It's just a sense to be able to get someone to be able to do it. Okay. Right. So I need to go into my code folder. Which I should probably update. Oh, no. I just see what I'm at. Yeah. At one point, I will make it so it's my default folder. I haven't yet. All right. Okay. Okay. Warning windows
It's just a sense to be able to get someone to be able to do it. Okay. Right. So I need to go into my code folder. Which I should probably update. Oh, no. I just see what I'm at. Yeah. At one point, I will make it so it's my default folder. I haven't yet. All right. Okay. Okay. Warning windows Warning windows. Terminal. So if, but we're not running this, right? We're not any Ubuntu. At least it looks like you're in macOS. Okay. So. However, Ubuntu is a flavor of Linux. It's a Linux distribution. And Linux is Unix. And macOS is secretly also Unix. So pro tip
Warning windows. Terminal. So if, but we're not running this, right? We're not any Ubuntu. At least it looks like you're in macOS. Okay. So. However, Ubuntu is a flavor of Linux. It's a Linux distribution. And Linux is Unix. And macOS is secretly also Unix. So pro tip So pro tip. If you find something that works on. Works in a Linux. Terminal. It also works in a terminal in macOS. Huh. I'm going to go back to this one because it. Uh, doesn't have. Look like it has the. That's for the system. Let's see. Thank you for giving me a second to like read through these
So pro tip. If you find something that works on. Works in a Linux. Terminal. It also works in a terminal in macOS. Huh. I'm going to go back to this one because it. Uh, doesn't have. Look like it has the. That's for the system. Let's see. Thank you for giving me a second to like read through these And like work on macOS download the file. Double click on it. Interesting. So it just like installs it. Like a program. Instead of like a lot of them. I've had to do NPM installs. Instead of like this. Yeah. And so it's not an NPM install because that's a JavaScript thing. Right. It's not
And like work on macOS download the file. Double click on it. Interesting. So it just like installs it. Like a program. Instead of like a lot of them. I've had to do NPM installs. Instead of like this. Yeah. And so it's not an NPM install because that's a JavaScript thing. Right. It's not Right. It's not. There are. Like there's a pip install and conda install for Python. But if we're just getting started, we don't necessarily. We don't have to do those. So we'll just do this. Interesting. I thought that was just like an install anything kind of thing, not necessarily a job
Right. It's not. There are. Like there's a pip install and conda install for Python. But if we're just getting started, we don't necessarily. We don't have to do those. So we'll just do this. Interesting. I thought that was just like an install anything kind of thing, not necessarily a job I mean, it's associated like it's it's part of node. So it's not just installing JavaScript things, but it is a package manager. For JavaScript things and sort of related things. And then there's like pip. Pip is the one that you use. If you are a Python person, then pip is your NPM
I mean, it's associated like it's it's part of node. So it's not just installing JavaScript things, but it is a package manager. For JavaScript things and sort of related things. And then there's like pip. Pip is the one that you use. If you are a Python person, then pip is your NPM And then there's a lot of things that I would use. So if we were to use it, we would have to do it. So if we were to use it, we would have to do it. So if we were to use it, we would have to do it. Okay. Okay. Interesting. Well, that. Right. And there's another option
And then there's a lot of things that I would use. So if we were to use it, we would have to do it. So if we were to use it, we would have to do it. So if we were to use it, we would have to do it. Okay. Okay. Interesting. Well, that. Right. And there's another option But I haven't used that one too much. Okay. So. Downloading and installing. Okay. Let's make sure we finished installing Python first. All right. So it looks like I see it in your applications folder. So I think that we are probably good there
But I haven't used that one too much. Okay. So. Downloading and installing. Okay. Let's make sure we finished installing Python first. All right. So it looks like I see it in your applications folder. So I think that we are probably good there Am I using the Python launcher? Let's see what it does. I have actually only used it through in a conda. Okay. So this is this is this is this a safer work stream? No. Okay. Cool. Because I have a very not safer work thing to say about this
Am I using the Python launcher? Let's see what it does. I have actually only used it through in a conda. Okay. So this is this is this is this a safer work stream? No. Okay. Cool. Because I have a very not safer work thing to say about this There the way that I first started interacting with that directly with Python was through a program called an account. And the instructor of the course that I was looking at at the time. And so, you know, you don't have to need say travaillze route things
There the way that I first started interacting with that directly with Python was through a program called an account. And the instructor of the course that I was looking at at the time. And so, you know, you don't have to need say travaillze route things You know, I'm not the organization thatLaughter, Sil's network tip, specifically, you know, say why would you not send them a self fino cycle
You know, I'm not the organization thatLaughter, Sil's network tip, specifically, you know, say why would you not send them a self fino cycle You know, they have to provide up to something, they don't have thank you, you know, they are not really ny facial races, just understanding, you know, the learning model going to be responses, or to something which is very useful
You know, they have to provide up to something, they don't have thank you, you know, they are not really ny facial races, just understanding, you know, the learning model going to be responses, or to something which is very useful I guess you know, I'm not going to reuse that. It's pretty big. And so, like, if you don't have room for the full Anaconda, there's another distro called mini-conda that you can use instead. And I was absolutely deceased. I am a ghost. I do not live anymore. I died three years ago
I guess you know, I'm not going to reuse that. It's pretty big. And so, like, if you don't have room for the full Anaconda, there's another distro called mini-conda that you can use instead. And I was absolutely deceased. I am a ghost. I do not live anymore. I died three years ago I feel like, you know, the creators of Python and Anaconda knew this. And they are having fun with everybody. I just cannot believe that he said it with a straight face. If you don't have room for the full Anaconda, you can install mini-conda. I'm not going to lie
I feel like, you know, the creators of Python and Anaconda knew this. And they are having fun with everybody. I just cannot believe that he said it with a straight face. If you don't have room for the full Anaconda, you can install mini-conda. I'm not going to lie I'm going to use that one to count. And I'm like, yeah, that's on. Just popped in my hand. Okay. So, yep. Right. Okay. Anyway, so let's close this for now. Easy peasy. And I think that you would like to use. You wanted to work it. Do it in the terminal instead of in VS code. We will proceed to
I'm going to use that one to count. And I'm like, yeah, that's on. Just popped in my hand. Okay. So, yep. Right. Okay. Anyway, so let's close this for now. Easy peasy. And I think that you would like to use. You wanted to work it. Do it in the terminal instead of in VS code. We will proceed to We will proceed to. Mew. Mew. Okay. Which I think is a, I have not personally used it. So this is where we're going to be learning it together. I'm. I strongly suspect that it's going to. Yeah. So we'll see
We will proceed to. Mew. Mew. Okay. Which I think is a, I have not personally used it. So this is where we're going to be learning it together. I'm. I strongly suspect that it's going to. Yeah. So we'll see Yeah. So we'll see. If it ends up being an IDE sort of along the lines of VS code, I think maybe we should just do VS code. Oh, that's nice. Okay. Well, we're. Okay. Sure. Let's do that. Sure. Interesting. And another way to do this is through VS code by installing the plug-in for Python
Yeah. So we'll see. If it ends up being an IDE sort of along the lines of VS code, I think maybe we should just do VS code. Oh, that's nice. Okay. Well, we're. Okay. Sure. Let's do that. Sure. Interesting. And another way to do this is through VS code by installing the plug-in for Python Lots and lots of options. So this is not actually going to be I had, I misunderstood about what Mew is. And I thought it was going to be a way that you can just write Python in the terminal. It's not. It's basically like a little mini IDE. Along the lines of VS code
Lots and lots of options. So this is not actually going to be I had, I misunderstood about what Mew is. And I thought it was going to be a way that you can just write Python in the terminal. It's not. It's basically like a little mini IDE. Along the lines of VS code So we can use it for VS code, whichever you like. Um. What is a IBE? Integrated development environment. So VS code is an IDE. Okay. Is that kind of like code sandbox then? What is the code sandbox? Code sandbox. Can be. Integrated into an integrated development environment. Um, it
So we can use it for VS code, whichever you like. Um. What is a IBE? Integrated development environment. So VS code is an IDE. Okay. Is that kind of like code sandbox then? What is the code sandbox? Code sandbox. Can be. Integrated into an integrated development environment. Um, it Um, it. It kind of is an IDE in itself. Sort of. Okay. And then like Mew. We install. Well, you know, it would be kind of fun. We could do Mu this time. And since we've already decided that we would love to do this again. We can do it in different ways. We can do it in Mu this time
Um, it. It kind of is an IDE in itself. Sort of. Okay. And then like Mew. We install. Well, you know, it would be kind of fun. We could do Mu this time. And since we've already decided that we would love to do this again. We can do it in different ways. We can do it in Mu this time We can do it in VS Code sometime. And we can do it in the terminal. Yo, it's Ben. Uh, he said, I'm gonna start looking at getting these on the screen better. Uh, I like to think about I.D.E.s as editors with superpowers. Ooh. I like it. I like it. Yeah, I need a, there's so much to learn here
We can do it in VS Code sometime. And we can do it in the terminal. Yo, it's Ben. Uh, he said, I'm gonna start looking at getting these on the screen better. Uh, I like to think about I.D.E.s as editors with superpowers. Ooh. I like it. I like it. Yeah, I need a, there's so much to learn here And Ben as a random update, because I tagged him in this, I had a very, very curiosity question of this weekend of, well, this is installing of why gifts don't come with, uh, alt text. Oh, yeah, I think I saw that conversation. Yeah. And so it's been like, I haven't started using my alt text yet
And Ben as a random update, because I tagged him in this, I had a very, very curiosity question of this weekend of, well, this is installing of why gifts don't come with, uh, alt text. Oh, yeah, I think I saw that conversation. Yeah. And so it's been like, I haven't started using my alt text yet Like I should, but it's like, it's been in the back of my mind. So like, I'm not typing them yet. But I'm like, is this what I should type? So I just want to let you know, Ben, ever since you were on the show, now I'm like, it's stuck in my head. Mm-hmm. Thinking about it. Okay
Like I should, but it's like, it's been in the back of my mind. So like, I'm not typing them yet. But I'm like, is this what I should type? So I just want to let you know, Ben, ever since you were on the show, now I'm like, it's stuck in my head. Mm-hmm. Thinking about it. Okay Okay. The first time you run Select a Mode. First time you run Select a Mode window will appear at a fruit circuit python, BBC micro that high game zero and Python three select Python three, you can always change the mode later by clicking mode button. Okay. Open. Okay. Interesting
Okay. The first time you run Select a Mode. First time you run Select a Mode window will appear at a fruit circuit python, BBC micro that high game zero and Python three select Python three, you can always change the mode later by clicking mode button. Okay. Open. Okay. Interesting Okay. Interesting. I don't know why I'm so fascinated about this right now. I haven't seen it. I haven't used it before. I love the little um, sneaky thing in its little friend. It was a bird. It's gone now. It had a friend. Did he eat the friend? It didn't. It is a bird
Okay. Interesting. I don't know why I'm so fascinated about this right now. I haven't seen it. I haven't used it before. I love the little um, sneaky thing in its little friend. It was a bird. It's gone now. It had a friend. Did he eat the friend? It didn't. It is a bird It is a bird. I think this is also like, I've been doing all JavaScript for like the last month and a half that now redoing this on Python. I'm like, what is all of this? It's so different. Python three. Yes, that's the mode we want. All right. That was fun. All right. Make this
It is a bird. I think this is also like, I've been doing all JavaScript for like the last month and a half that now redoing this on Python. I'm like, what is all of this? It's so different. Python three. Yes, that's the mode we want. All right. That was fun. All right. Make this Make this. See if we can get these guys next to each other. Okay. Oh, Ben got us back on the alt text. Anthony did a great job tackling that basically alt text is contextual and two people posting the same graphic. May might be doing so for different reasons and two different audiences
Make this. See if we can get these guys next to each other. Okay. Oh, Ben got us back on the alt text. Anthony did a great job tackling that basically alt text is contextual and two people posting the same graphic. May might be doing so for different reasons and two different audiences So it's hard to specifically to specify one through alt text for everyone. And even if if keyboards did supply predefined alt text, they probably also need to support a bunch of languages. User might speak, etc. So a really hard problem. Two shade. Two shade
So it's hard to specifically to specify one through alt text for everyone. And even if if keyboards did supply predefined alt text, they probably also need to support a bunch of languages. User might speak, etc. So a really hard problem. Two shade. Two shade Two shade. I was also thinking about it like on, oh, I don't, okay. Really quick. As like, not knowing the context of the gift. Maybe that's just me not knowing gifts. Like how to use them properly. I mean, there are all kinds of gifts that I don't, I don't actually know where they came from
Two shade. I was also thinking about it like on, oh, I don't, okay. Really quick. As like, not knowing the context of the gift. Maybe that's just me not knowing gifts. Like how to use them properly. I mean, there are all kinds of gifts that I don't, I don't actually know where they came from But I've seen how they've been used. You know, you see it used in the same context a few times. And so you get to understand what, what folks mean. Fair enough. And what up Anthony? All right. So this book uses me as an editor and interactive shell. However, you can use a number of editors
But I've seen how they've been used. You know, you see it used in the same context a few times. And so you get to understand what, what folks mean. Fair enough. And what up Anthony? All right. So this book uses me as an editor and interactive shell. However, you can use a number of editors The integrated development and learning environment software installs along with Python. And it can serve as a good second editor. Let's back burner idle since we have new running already. Cool. That's why I was like, wait, what? And we got interactive shell
The integrated development and learning environment software installs along with Python. And it can serve as a good second editor. Let's back burner idle since we have new running already. Cool. That's why I was like, wait, what? And we got interactive shell When you run me, the window appears and it is called file editor window. You can open the interactive shell by clicking the. Repel. It's pronounced. Repel. Repel. It turns out, yeah
When you run me, the window appears and it is called file editor window. You can open the interactive shell by clicking the. Repel. It's pronounced. Repel. Repel. It turns out, yeah It turns out, yeah. But in a shell program, a shell is a program that lets you type instructions into the computer like terminal or command on command prompt on macOS respectively. So do we need idle with mu? So mu is a, it has an interactive shell
It turns out, yeah. But in a shell program, a shell is a program that lets you type instructions into the computer like terminal or command on command prompt on macOS respectively. So do we need idle with mu? So mu is a, it has an interactive shell So we're looking at it right now because that's where it says write your code here. That's where you can type. Okay. That's the shell. Okay. Cool. And we don't need to be looking at idle right now. So, okay. Shall we hello world? Yeah. All right
So we're looking at it right now because that's where it says write your code here. That's where you can type. Okay. That's the shell. Okay. Cool. And we don't need to be looking at idle right now. So, okay. Shall we hello world? Yeah. All right All right. And so in a Python context, to print, you just print and then in parentheses, you write your string in either single quotes or double quotes
All right. And so in a Python context, to print, you just print and then in parentheses, you write your string in either single quotes or double quotes So this is something that had me messed up the other day for like an hour and a half because I come from Python world where you can use single and double quotes depending on what you like. Single quotes are more common. And I am currently learning go
So this is something that had me messed up the other day for like an hour and a half because I come from Python world where you can use single and double quotes depending on what you like. Single quotes are more common. And I am currently learning go And you can't just use single and double quotes interchangeably. But it didn't want to tell me that that was what was wrong. And so I spent an hour and a half trying to figure out what the fuck was wrong with my code. And it was because I used single quotes and it wanted doubles
And you can't just use single and double quotes interchangeably. But it didn't want to tell me that that was what was wrong. And so I spent an hour and a half trying to figure out what the fuck was wrong with my code. And it was because I used single quotes and it wanted doubles Yeah, that is something that I've also just learned to go. Actually exists. Mm hmm. And then. And then. Here. Let's enter the interactive shell should display this. Okay. So. Okay, maybe. Yeah, let's try that. Maybe we need to configure it. Ah, okay. So yeah, we need to save a file. Okay. The. The
Yeah, that is something that I've also just learned to go. Actually exists. Mm hmm. And then. And then. Here. Let's enter the interactive shell should display this. Okay. So. Okay, maybe. Yeah, let's try that. Maybe we need to configure it. Ah, okay. So yeah, we need to save a file. Okay. The. The Okay. The. The. Yes, stop. What's everybody else working on today? Because this is. This is exciting and yet really nerve wrecking. Say that. Laura. Is. Who. Oh, it worked. Yay. Oh, Anthony recorded a podcast about type script. Oh, nice. That is exciting
Okay. The. The. Yes, stop. What's everybody else working on today? Because this is. This is exciting and yet really nerve wrecking. Say that. Laura. Is. Who. Oh, it worked. Yay. Oh, Anthony recorded a podcast about type script. Oh, nice. That is exciting That is exciting. I'm going to learn about type script in September. All right. You've given computer instruction and it did what it told you to do. Do we. Well, this is where it took talked about pip. Mm hmm. But we don't necessarily need to do installing third party modules right now. Right. Um
That is exciting. I'm going to learn about type script in September. All right. You've given computer instruction and it did what it told you to do. Do we. Well, this is where it took talked about pip. Mm hmm. But we don't necessarily need to do installing third party modules right now. Right. Um Right. Um. Yeah. Yeah. I think that it's the last sentence of that paragraph. It says consult appendix A when this book instructs you to install a particular third party module. So yeah, we can backburner this and it will let us know when we need them. And this
Right. Um. Yeah. Yeah. I think that it's the last sentence of that paragraph. It says consult appendix A when this book instructs you to install a particular third party module. So yeah, we can backburner this and it will let us know when we need them. And this And this. This is one of the reasons that I think that this book is exceptional. Because not very many. Books or courses teach you how to find. And then you can get a lot of questions to your coding problems on the internet. Like actually teach you how to do it. And this one does. Yeah. Okay
And this. This is one of the reasons that I think that this book is exceptional. Because not very many. Books or courses teach you how to find. And then you can get a lot of questions to your coding problems on the internet. Like actually teach you how to do it. And this one does. Yeah. Okay Yeah. Okay. And so, so he gives us example. So for example, let's cause an error on purpose. So we're going to enter string 42 plus three. So with nothing with it, which is going to be weird. So we're going to do. Plus three. Bigger. Um. What if you stop and then run it again, click stop
Yeah. Okay. And so, so he gives us example. So for example, let's cause an error on purpose. So we're going to enter string 42 plus three. So with nothing with it, which is going to be weird. So we're going to do. Plus three. Bigger. Um. What if you stop and then run it again, click stop Um, there. And then run. There we go. Okay. So it can only concatenate and concatenate means like put one in front of the other. Um, a string, not an integer. So it's saying, I don't know what on earth you mean when you say to stick this string
Um, there. And then run. There we go. Okay. So it can only concatenate and concatenate means like put one in front of the other. Um, a string, not an integer. So it's saying, I don't know what on earth you mean when you say to stick this string With this to attach this string to this integer, this 42 string to this integer three makes no sense. So then what do we do? Um, and so this error message appears because Python couldn't understand the instruction and the trace back
With this to attach this string to this integer, this 42 string to this integer three makes no sense. So then what do we do? Um, and so this error message appears because Python couldn't understand the instruction and the trace back And so, and that's important because if you end up on, um, stack overflow, people will sometimes ask you, what's the trace back and being able and knowing what that means is handy
And so, and that's important because if you end up on, um, stack overflow, people will sometimes ask you, what's the trace back and being able and knowing what that means is handy Um, is a trace back kind of like a trace route when you need to be able to find where something is not connecting like a website is not connecting with the server or. And then it connects to local host or something like that
Um, is a trace back kind of like a trace route when you need to be able to find where something is not connecting like a website is not connecting with the server or. And then it connects to local host or something like that So if you look at it, so it says, um, trace back and then in parentheses, most recent call last and it gives you the file, it tells you like where that's running. Okay. On your machine. Um, and, and then he says if you're not sure what to make of a particular error message search for it online
So if you look at it, so it says, um, trace back and then in parentheses, most recent call last and it gives you the file, it tells you like where that's running. Okay. On your machine. Um, and, and then he says if you're not sure what to make of a particular error message search for it online So you, you just copy and paste that whole trace back include and, and then search for it in quotations. So let's just do that just to see what that looks like. So that that type error can only concatenate string not into string copy that whole thing. Open up a search engine
So you, you just copy and paste that whole trace back include and, and then search for it in quotations. So let's just do that just to see what that looks like. So that that type error can only concatenate string not into string copy that whole thing. Open up a search engine And search for that in quotation marks. Yep. Okay. And the quotation marks matter. Um, as you may already know, because that way we're searching for we want these exact words in this exact order. And so that way we're going to find this exact error message
And search for that in quotation marks. Yep. Okay. And the quotation marks matter. Um, as you may already know, because that way we're searching for we want these exact words in this exact order. And so that way we're going to find this exact error message And so if you go back to automate the boring stuff. Um, and scroll down. And so he's got a little, you know, image of what, what that looks like, like we just found
And so if you go back to automate the boring stuff. Um, and scroll down. And so he's got a little, you know, image of what, what that looks like, like we just found And says that you'll, you'll often find that someone else had the same question as you and some other helpful person has already answered it. And so then he goes on to talk about how to ask smart programming questions
And says that you'll, you'll often find that someone else had the same question as you and some other helpful person has already answered it. And so then he goes on to talk about how to ask smart programming questions And this is another sort of mind blowing moment because this is, this is almost the only time that I've ever seen it in a course or a book where they actually teach you how to ask good programming questions. And so we don't need to read all of this
And this is another sort of mind blowing moment because this is, this is almost the only time that I've ever seen it in a course or a book where they actually teach you how to ask good programming questions. And so we don't need to read all of this I just wanted to call it out because I think that it's so exceptionally good. Um, that when we're asking good programming questions, we want to explain what we're trying to do. What we've already done. How exactly how it failed to do what we expected it to do. And all of that kind of stuff
I just wanted to call it out because I think that it's so exceptionally good. Um, that when we're asking good programming questions, we want to explain what we're trying to do. What we've already done. How exactly how it failed to do what we expected it to do. And all of that kind of stuff And so this is a great like if we, if we have, if we come up with a question. We can refer back to this page and make sure that when we ask a question, we are asking it in the most efficient way. And the more efficiently we can ask a question, the more likely we are to get our question answered
And so this is a great like if we, if we have, if we come up with a question. We can refer back to this page and make sure that when we ask a question, we are asking it in the most efficient way. And the more efficiently we can ask a question, the more likely we are to get our question answered Right. And the friendlier people will feel toward us when they are answering your questions. And it's a total thing. Interesting. Yeah. Okay. I can go through those all later. Sure. Yeah. I mean, we don't need to look at that specific error message
Right. And the friendlier people will feel toward us when they are answering your questions. And it's a total thing. Interesting. Yeah. Okay. I can go through those all later. Sure. Yeah. I mean, we don't need to look at that specific error message Just just that this is an example of how, say we found this error. This is how we could debug it by figuring stuff out for ourselves by looking for answers online. And by actually asking questions like on Stack Overflow or as he specifies here. He blogs. Alas, Margaret does and
Just just that this is an example of how, say we found this error. This is how we could debug it by figuring stuff out for ourselves by looking for answers online. And by actually asking questions like on Stack Overflow or as he specifies here. He blogs. Alas, Margaret does and And is on Twitter and Reddit. Okay. Maybe it's your chapter one. Chapter zero. Chapter zero. We made it. Okay. Yeah. So if we click that right arrow, then we'll be in chapter one. And I don't know if everybody else is seeing this as. This is something that I
And is on Twitter and Reddit. Okay. Maybe it's your chapter one. Chapter zero. Chapter zero. We made it. Okay. Yeah. So if we click that right arrow, then we'll be in chapter one. And I don't know if everybody else is seeing this as. This is something that I I don't maybe use it right now because I don't think anybody will hear it with using screen yard. But this is how I get through online text. And it's a. It's called something. It is called. Why won't you. It was not. I used that to. Yeah. It helps so much
I don't maybe use it right now because I don't think anybody will hear it with using screen yard. But this is how I get through online text. And it's a. It's called something. It is called. Why won't you. It was not. I used that to. Yeah. It helps so much It helps so much. And it's definitely something I highly, highly suggest if anybody has a hard time with this kind of stuff. Because it used to be they didn't exist, which they do now. So you can catch up on everybody else, even if you're dyslexic
It helps so much. And it's definitely something I highly, highly suggest if anybody has a hard time with this kind of stuff. Because it used to be they didn't exist, which they do now. So you can catch up on everybody else, even if you're dyslexic And if you are, I'm not dyslexic, but I use it because with my ADHD, I'll realize like I've read five paragraphs, like my eyes moved over them. But I stopped paying attention to what my eyes were looking at two paragraphs ago
And if you are, I'm not dyslexic, but I use it because with my ADHD, I'll realize like I've read five paragraphs, like my eyes moved over them. But I stopped paying attention to what my eyes were looking at two paragraphs ago And whereas if I can listen and do something with my hands, I can actually retain all the information. And that I use it for is when I'm writing, I have it read my writing back to me. Yes, 100%. Yep. And make sure that I'm not missing words because that's a thing that I do
And whereas if I can listen and do something with my hands, I can actually retain all the information. And that I use it for is when I'm writing, I have it read my writing back to me. Yes, 100%. Yep. And make sure that I'm not missing words because that's a thing that I do I have things that are fun to mess with while I'm winning other stuff. So totally get that. I used to work in a bookstore when I was a teenager and one of my co-workers, her son and law was the guy who invented that. What the hand thing that you're the pin, yeah, word something
I have things that are fun to mess with while I'm winning other stuff. So totally get that. I used to work in a bookstore when I was a teenager and one of my co-workers, her son and law was the guy who invented that. What the hand thing that you're the pin, yeah, word something Anyway, yeah, he invented that when he was like 19. They don't make it like the pins anymore. They don't make the metal pins. They make plastic. Yeah, made me very sad. I found this at a garage sale and it was very excited about that. But they don't make the these ones anymore. But all right. So
Anyway, yeah, he invented that when he was like 19. They don't make it like the pins anymore. They don't make the metal pins. They make plastic. Yeah, made me very sad. I found this at a garage sale and it was very excited about that. But they don't make the these ones anymore. But all right. So But all right. So. Hey, it actually, okay. So we. Has a wide range of syntactical constructions. Okay. Yeah, so programming concepts. Wheat. Yep. Interesting. And we're using an interactive shell right now, right? Yep. And then it's called you said. Ripple. Ripple
But all right. So. Hey, it actually, okay. So we. Has a wide range of syntactical constructions. Okay. Yeah, so programming concepts. Wheat. Yep. Interesting. And we're using an interactive shell right now, right? Yep. And then it's called you said. Ripple. Ripple Ripple. Ripple. Which is read evaluate print loop. Python instructions at one time instantly shows you results. Okay. Cool. This is showing how to. Go into new. And wants us to save an empty file. We started a file. So. I'm probably going to keep it the same. But. Says two plus two should work now
Ripple. Ripple. Which is read evaluate print loop. Python instructions at one time instantly shows you results. Okay. Cool. This is showing how to. Go into new. And wants us to save an empty file. We started a file. So. I'm probably going to keep it the same. But. Says two plus two should work now We do it like this. So. Now try. Trying to see if. Does that mean he has spaces? Like is it going to work if I do it like that? It will. It's. Conventional to use spaces in between for readability sake. But the computer will not care either way. Um. Okay. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it
We do it like this. So. Now try. Trying to see if. Does that mean he has spaces? Like is it going to work if I do it like that? It will. It's. Conventional to use spaces in between for readability sake. But the computer will not care either way. Um. Okay. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Oh. Wait. Okay. Click stop. Is. Is. Is. Is. Rebel grade out. No. Ah. Okay. There we go. Type it in there. Oh. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm going to go back over here for
I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Oh. Wait. Okay. Click stop. Is. Is. Is. Is. Rebel grade out. No. Ah. Okay. There we go. Type it in there. Oh. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm going to go back over here for So what's the difference between rebel and run? So notice that when when you ran your program right there, it was running everything. So it printed. Hello, beautiful humans. And if we had written like X equals two plus two. And then printed X. Then it would have said. Four. X equals four. Okay. Um
So what's the difference between rebel and run? So notice that when when you ran your program right there, it was running everything. So it printed. Hello, beautiful humans. And if we had written like X equals two plus two. And then printed X. Then it would have said. Four. X equals four. Okay. Um Okay. Um. And. And so on. So but it would pray would do everything. Everything that you wrote it would do all of it. Whereas in the repel, it's running one line at a time. So you have to type the line here for what you want it to run. Yeah
Okay. Um. And. And so on. So but it would pray would do everything. Everything that you wrote it would do all of it. Whereas in the repel, it's running one line at a time. So you have to type the line here for what you want it to run. Yeah Yeah. So a repel is really handy for if you want to check your syntax without running your entire program, which matters a lot more when you have a really big program. That might take a while to run
Yeah. So a repel is really handy for if you want to check your syntax without running your entire program, which matters a lot more when you have a really big program. That might take a while to run And then you don't want to have to run something that takes, you know, five or 10 minutes to go to to figure out whether you've got your syntax right or or whatever. So it's a nice little way of checking. Checking if stuff's working one line at a time. Okay. Give me a second
And then you don't want to have to run something that takes, you know, five or 10 minutes to go to to figure out whether you've got your syntax right or or whatever. So it's a nice little way of checking. Checking if stuff's working one line at a time. Okay. Give me a second Give me a second. Um, I'm adding this to my notes of. And the versus. Okay. Cool. Um. Not going to lie. This is. I mean, like it's similar, but it's still like awfully confusing compared to JavaScript at this point. Okay. Well, okay
Give me a second. Um, I'm adding this to my notes of. And the versus. Okay. Cool. Um. Not going to lie. This is. I mean, like it's similar, but it's still like awfully confusing compared to JavaScript at this point. Okay. Well, okay Okay. Well, okay. When you're comparing Python to JavaScript, what do you mean? Like the like typing 2 plus 2 is confusing compared to JavaScript or. Like in JavaScript. There's going to be like more in front of this, like telling it what it's going to do. And then like there's. The spacing
Okay. Well, okay. When you're comparing Python to JavaScript, what do you mean? Like the like typing 2 plus 2 is confusing compared to JavaScript or. Like in JavaScript. There's going to be like more in front of this, like telling it what it's going to do. And then like there's. The spacing The spacing. That's also weird. And then just being able to. Like that there is a difference of run versus. Ripple. Repile. Ripple. Ripple. Ripple. Okay. But Ripple is not a Python thing. It's not a Python thing. It's not a Python thing. It's not a Python thing. So you can do this with JavaScript
The spacing. That's also weird. And then just being able to. Like that there is a difference of run versus. Ripple. Repile. Ripple. Ripple. Ripple. Okay. But Ripple is not a Python thing. It's not a Python thing. It's not a Python thing. It's not a Python thing. So you can do this with JavaScript And so so, so yeah, that's that's not. Yeah, not not a difference between Python and JavaScript. And I think maybe what you mean when you say that there would be stuff in front of this is. Like you'd have a variable declaration. And you're going to in Python
And so so, so yeah, that's that's not. Yeah, not not a difference between Python and JavaScript. And I think maybe what you mean when you say that there would be stuff in front of this is. Like you'd have a variable declaration. And you're going to in Python So like if you were, window, you would be writing it with the variables. In the bottom window, in the REPL, it's letting you just test things super fast. Like it's almost like a scratch pad that you can execute. If that makes sense
So like if you were, window, you would be writing it with the variables. In the bottom window, in the REPL, it's letting you just test things super fast. Like it's almost like a scratch pad that you can execute. If that makes sense Yeah, and Anthony just said that I haven't been using a REPL so I can do the same thing there. The browser console is a REPL. Interesting. Interesting. So code sandbox would be a REPL. I would think then. I haven't used it. So I don't know. Press option command I and you'll see a JavaScript
Yeah, and Anthony just said that I haven't been using a REPL so I can do the same thing there. The browser console is a REPL. Interesting. Interesting. So code sandbox would be a REPL. I would think then. I haven't used it. So I don't know. Press option command I and you'll see a JavaScript Code sandbox is an IDE. Yeah. Okay. All the all the fun things. Option command. Press option command. Probably within the browser. Okay. Okay. Now it's starting to click. Yep. We're getting there. Yeah. And we're getting there and that console was was the REPL. Got it. Yep. Got it. Okay
Code sandbox is an IDE. Yeah. Okay. All the all the fun things. Option command. Press option command. Probably within the browser. Okay. Okay. Now it's starting to click. Yep. We're getting there. Yeah. And we're getting there and that console was was the REPL. Got it. Yep. Got it. Okay Yep. Got it. Okay. It's clicking now. I'm picking up what you put in down. All right. So and it looks like just looking at this is where we were just about to get two expressions. Right. And so this is this is going to work exactly the same way as it does enough
Yep. Got it. Okay. It's clicking now. I'm picking up what you put in down. All right. So and it looks like just looking at this is where we were just about to get two expressions. Right. And so this is this is going to work exactly the same way as it does enough And so this is another sort of all a lot of the programming constructs and like expressions and so on come from from math because the only way that computers can do anything that we think of as thinking is they're always doing math. Like that's that's it for them
And so this is another sort of all a lot of the programming constructs and like expressions and so on come from from math because the only way that computers can do anything that we think of as thinking is they're always doing math. Like that's that's it for them So in math and expression is like two plus two. It's not an equation because an equation has to contain an equals sign. Right. And so this is an expression and we would need to give that an equals sign. In fact, if we wanted to assign it to a variable, right. Yeah. Okay. Yep
So in math and expression is like two plus two. It's not an equation because an equation has to contain an equals sign. Right. And so this is an expression and we would need to give that an equals sign. In fact, if we wanted to assign it to a variable, right. Yeah. Okay. Yep Yeah. Okay. Yep. And so in Python, so the expressions always evaluate down to a single value. So if you if you said x equals two plus two, then the value won't be like a string two plus two. It'll be the value, the mathematical value of two plus two, which is four
Yeah. Okay. Yep. And so in Python, so the expressions always evaluate down to a single value. So if you if you said x equals two plus two, then the value won't be like a string two plus two. It'll be the value, the mathematical value of two plus two, which is four So you can say x equals four and you can say x equals two plus two and those will mean the same thing. Okay. All right. Okay. So let's keep going. So okay. Yay. Glad to see that. Yep. There is a good link for error messages, which I will put that in the chat too
So you can say x equals four and you can say x equals two plus two and those will mean the same thing. Okay. All right. Okay. So let's keep going. So okay. Yay. Glad to see that. Yep. There is a good link for error messages, which I will put that in the chat too And also putting it in my own notes. And then use plenty of other operators in Python expressions to, for example. Okay. So let's put a pin in this table because we'll come back to it. So more or less, it's going to work the same way as order of operations do in math
And also putting it in my own notes. And then use plenty of other operators in Python expressions to, for example. Okay. So let's put a pin in this table because we'll come back to it. So more or less, it's going to work the same way as order of operations do in math There are some exceptions mainly to do with division. Okay. I don't know. I'm feeling a little noodle on. I got a noodle on it because I think something that would help before next time to you
There are some exceptions mainly to do with division. Okay. I don't know. I'm feeling a little noodle on. I got a noodle on it because I think something that would help before next time to you And of course, it's like learning that I that they, how do I say this? A lot of times when I've been learning like check flask. What, Anthony, what do you mean? Flask is a framework for deploying Python apps to the web. Oh, another one is Django DJ and geo. Okay. And check those out
And of course, it's like learning that I that they, how do I say this? A lot of times when I've been learning like check flask. What, Anthony, what do you mean? Flask is a framework for deploying Python apps to the web. Oh, another one is Django DJ and geo. Okay. And check those out It's like express, okay, that could be it too. It's like it definitely. There are a lot different, but also I don't think that when I started learning JavaScript, it wasn't like I was really comparing it to too much of anything because it was the first one I learned
It's like express, okay, that could be it too. It's like it definitely. There are a lot different, but also I don't think that when I started learning JavaScript, it wasn't like I was really comparing it to too much of anything because it was the first one I learned We're now like, as you said, like with algebra, you have to unlearn and relearn what you already know. So I'm just having like I'm picking up what you're putting down yet at the same time, it's not fully syncing it. Sure. Yeah. I mean, having, oh, go ahead. Yeah
We're now like, as you said, like with algebra, you have to unlearn and relearn what you already know. So I'm just having like I'm picking up what you're putting down yet at the same time, it's not fully syncing it. Sure. Yeah. I mean, having, oh, go ahead. Yeah Yeah. It's I think that at least for me, like I sort of understood English better when I started studying a foreign language because I hadn't properly thought about like what a verb was and so on and like where it fits in a sentence relative to other things
Yeah. It's I think that at least for me, like I sort of understood English better when I started studying a foreign language because I hadn't properly thought about like what a verb was and so on and like where it fits in a sentence relative to other things Whereas when they started studying, you know, French and then eventually Spanish, it was like, oh, okay, right. So all these things that I've like intuitively, I've never really thought about these things and like how they fit together
Whereas when they started studying, you know, French and then eventually Spanish, it was like, oh, okay, right. So all these things that I've like intuitively, I've never really thought about these things and like how they fit together But I intuitively understand because I've been speaking English on my life or whatever. And I think it works out to be kind of the same thing with programming languages
But I intuitively understand because I've been speaking English on my life or whatever. And I think it works out to be kind of the same thing with programming languages So if like you learn your first programming language and then when you're learning your second one, you understand your first one better because you can map all these things that you sort of intuitively understood to a more formal infrastructure. If that makes any sense
So if like you learn your first programming language and then when you're learning your second one, you understand your first one better because you can map all these things that you sort of intuitively understood to a more formal infrastructure. If that makes any sense So like here, you're you're learning like you learn like NPM was just like this is the command. It's you wave your magic wand. You say NPM and then things install, right? But like what is that? It's a package manager
So like here, you're you're learning like you learn like NPM was just like this is the command. It's you wave your magic wand. You say NPM and then things install, right? But like what is that? It's a package manager And oh, that makes more like I understand NPM better now because now I know about the existence of PIP, which is another package manager. And I think it's a lot of it. It does
And oh, that makes more like I understand NPM better now because now I know about the existence of PIP, which is another package manager. And I think it's a lot of it. It does It does. And I thought that all package managers were basically the same like that I did not realize that NPM was specific to JavaScript. Yeah, yarn. Yeah, I was struggling with yarn. And what do you mean you learn the meta language, Anthony? I don't know if I understand that
It does. And I thought that all package managers were basically the same like that I did not realize that NPM was specific to JavaScript. Yeah, yarn. Yeah, I was struggling with yarn. And what do you mean you learn the meta language, Anthony? I don't know if I understand that I'm going to speculate that so like if you're learning something meta, you're learning instead of learning in a math context, like you can learn learn math and or you can learn about like specific mathematical types of constructs
I'm going to speculate that so like if you're learning something meta, you're learning instead of learning in a math context, like you can learn learn math and or you can learn about like specific mathematical types of constructs Or in a language, for instance, like if you're learning you can learn Spanish or you can learn about this is a verb, this is a noun, this is a you know, conjunctive or whatever
Or in a language, for instance, like if you're learning you can learn Spanish or you can learn about this is a verb, this is a noun, this is a you know, conjunctive or whatever And those are meta, like those are characteristics of a language or any language really, but not just characteristics of Spanish or English. Yeah, it's a level up
And those are meta, like those are characteristics of a language or any language really, but not just characteristics of Spanish or English. Yeah, it's a level up Yeah, Anthony said the meta languages, how languages work and then Jay said Python has a pip X, but isn't nearly as possible, but it does something similar to like NPX, he was mentioning NPX that is still confusing for him
Yeah, Anthony said the meta languages, how languages work and then Jay said Python has a pip X, but isn't nearly as possible, but it does something similar to like NPX, he was mentioning NPX that is still confusing for him So okay, yeah, we're going to, I'm excited that Laura has signed up to be on the show multiple times. Because this is, it's definitely very, very interesting
So okay, yeah, we're going to, I'm excited that Laura has signed up to be on the show multiple times. Because this is, it's definitely very, very interesting It's just also a little mind-boggling because like even the install process was different and not installing it through terminal and installing it through you know, the finder view, which you would think is just like super simple, that's how I've installed like all my other programs yet when it comes to like a language, I wasn't expecting it because I've done everything else through terminal and I'm like, oh, but it makes sense
It's just also a little mind-boggling because like even the install process was different and not installing it through terminal and installing it through you know, the finder view, which you would think is just like super simple, that's how I've installed like all my other programs yet when it comes to like a language, I wasn't expecting it because I've done everything else through terminal and I'm like, oh, but it makes sense It's just thinking it through. Yeah, yeah. And so like a lot of the things that you can install through say NPM or Yarn, you can also go to their website and download it and install it that way. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Three
It's just thinking it through. Yeah, yeah. And so like a lot of the things that you can install through say NPM or Yarn, you can also go to their website and download it and install it that way. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Three It's definitely something that is going to take a bit to sink in and all read through the next couple chapters first before we have our next session because I'm like this, this is taking me a minute to put two and two together, especially since there's stuff that is somewhat repetitive, but we may not need to use like, I'm trying to go back to it for an example
It's definitely something that is going to take a bit to sink in and all read through the next couple chapters first before we have our next session because I'm like this, this is taking me a minute to put two and two together, especially since there's stuff that is somewhat repetitive, but we may not need to use like, I'm trying to go back to it for an example You're not sharing your screen anymore. Yes, yes, I know. Like not really realizing what imprompto is. That was called. I'm not sure. Can you show me? I have to go back to what I can't find it. There we go
You're not sharing your screen anymore. Yes, yes, I know. Like not really realizing what imprompto is. That was called. I'm not sure. Can you show me? I have to go back to what I can't find it. There we go There we go. But it's also like you learning like the idle terminology, that kind of stuff has also been new, but Rapple is new. It's also just like I just happened how to chance to learn them yet. So like you said, even though it's like I'm learning what I now is. Yeah. Also like exactly
There we go. But it's also like you learning like the idle terminology, that kind of stuff has also been new, but Rapple is new. It's also just like I just happened how to chance to learn them yet. So like you said, even though it's like I'm learning what I now is. Yeah. Also like exactly Also like exactly. Also my backly where I'm like, oh, that's what it's called. Right. That was a thing. Right. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah
Also like exactly. Also my backly where I'm like, oh, that's what it's called. Right. That was a thing. Right. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. And so I guess I would hate for, you know, sometimes if you if you're a person is like struggling, learning something because there are a bunch of other things that they need to learn like along with it, it gets like a bad rep or whatever for being being hard
Yeah. Yeah. And so I guess I would hate for, you know, sometimes if you if you're a person is like struggling, learning something because there are a bunch of other things that they need to learn like along with it, it gets like a bad rep or whatever for being being hard Actually, math is one of those. Right. And so I would hate for like it to come across is like, oh, Python is so hard because you have to learn all this stuff. All this stuff applies to all the programming. Yeah. Everybody can use a Rapple. And everything has expressions and so on
Actually, math is one of those. Right. And so I would hate for like it to come across is like, oh, Python is so hard because you have to learn all this stuff. All this stuff applies to all the programming. Yeah. Everybody can use a Rapple. And everything has expressions and so on Assignment operators, all of that kind of stuff. All of them do. Yeah. And I think this is this is great start to learn of what I know about another language already. So I think that is a great example to be able to explain it to others. And I just let up a GitHub repo. Yeah. Push your read me
Assignment operators, all of that kind of stuff. All of them do. Yeah. And I think this is this is great start to learn of what I know about another language already. So I think that is a great example to be able to explain it to others. And I just let up a GitHub repo. Yeah. Push your read me Push your read me. Yeah. Okay. Let me get back there. There we go. Let's see. And Ramon says eventually those concepts will carry over with different names with experience. And that's a total thing. Just like people say, you know, learning your first language is is hard
Push your read me. Yeah. Okay. Let me get back there. There we go. Let's see. And Ramon says eventually those concepts will carry over with different names with experience. And that's a total thing. Just like people say, you know, learning your first language is is hard And then it gets easier and easier because you get sort of a sense for like, okay, how do I do this? And so instead of thinking like, okay, well, what is a wild loop? Then then when you learn your second programming language, you say, how do I do a wild loop in this language? Yeah. And right
And then it gets easier and easier because you get sort of a sense for like, okay, how do I do this? And so instead of thinking like, okay, well, what is a wild loop? Then then when you learn your second programming language, you say, how do I do a wild loop in this language? Yeah. And right And right. Hey, Anthony, I am. It's just a note, but I am making myself a read me. Just just to let you know, I am doing that. I am learning and getting the repetition of that even though, yeah, I'm also writing it as a, hey, Jen, remember what the differences are. Okay
And right. Hey, Anthony, I am. It's just a note, but I am making myself a read me. Just just to let you know, I am doing that. I am learning and getting the repetition of that even though, yeah, I'm also writing it as a, hey, Jen, remember what the differences are. Okay Okay. So I don't remember how to make a repo. Let's go to GitHub. Okay. This is there are lots of different ways to do almost all of these things. Yeah. We're up there. There we go. I don't know why it's in white right now, but it's white. All right
Okay. So I don't remember how to make a repo. Let's go to GitHub. Okay. This is there are lots of different ways to do almost all of these things. Yeah. We're up there. There we go. I don't know why it's in white right now, but it's white. All right All right. So I said the other day that I made my first repo. And I guess I didn't. It was more of like, this is the first one that I realized that I made. That's a thing. I didn't realize. So I guess I could create a new repository. Absolutely. Sweet. And it's cool. Okay
All right. So I said the other day that I made my first repo. And I guess I didn't. It was more of like, this is the first one that I realized that I made. That's a thing. I didn't realize. So I guess I could create a new repository. Absolutely. Sweet. And it's cool. Okay Okay. And I would strictly to make it easier for you to find it in the future. I know. If you want to share it with anyone else, they won't understand why I'm cool. So I'll put it in. There. That's what I'll start doing in the next. Add a read me. There you go. Yes. Okay
Okay. And I would strictly to make it easier for you to find it in the future. I know. If you want to share it with anyone else, they won't understand why I'm cool. So I'll put it in. There. That's what I'll start doing in the next. Add a read me. There you go. Yes. Okay Yes. Okay. If you're going to make a read me, I would recommend that you make your repo public instead of private. Well, more like, I guess it's the other way around. Like for them, usually a read me is for the sake of other people. I mean, it could be for the sake of you
Yes. Okay. If you're going to make a read me, I would recommend that you make your repo public instead of private. Well, more like, I guess it's the other way around. Like for them, usually a read me is for the sake of other people. I mean, it could be for the sake of you But if you want other people to be able to see it, I would do public. Okay. And I'm cool with making them public because like, if I go back here, we're going to go, look, it's black now. It was white like two seconds ago. Anyway, I'm going to my react app. What I did with Anthony last week is yes
But if you want other people to be able to see it, I would do public. Okay. And I'm cool with making them public because like, if I go back here, we're going to go, look, it's black now. It was white like two seconds ago. Anyway, I'm going to my react app. What I did with Anthony last week is yes Like all of this up here is for others. But I put gen notes at the bottom because I'm like, I get that this is for everybody. But these are things that I got stuck on. So maybe other people got stuck. So right. Yeah. And using using this as a framework for putting together a blog post eventually
Like all of this up here is for others. But I put gen notes at the bottom because I'm like, I get that this is for everybody. But these are things that I got stuck on. So maybe other people got stuck. So right. Yeah. And using using this as a framework for putting together a blog post eventually Makes a ton of sense. In fact, what is it? Jason Langsturff had a post last week, I think. Yeah, it was last week called how to turn one piece of dev realm content into 10. Yes, I saw that one. Right. And this is kind of along those lines, right? Like you can make your repo with your read me
Makes a ton of sense. In fact, what is it? Jason Langsturff had a post last week, I think. Yeah, it was last week called how to turn one piece of dev realm content into 10. Yes, I saw that one. Right. And this is kind of along those lines, right? Like you can make your repo with your read me And then you can use that to build out your blog post. And this is a stream already. So that's three. Yes. And if I make clips of it and also the transcripts and yes, there's there's so much in it. So we're not going to do a get ignore and you can always add one later
And then you can use that to build out your blog post. And this is a stream already. So that's three. Yes. And if I make clips of it and also the transcripts and yes, there's there's so much in it. So we're not going to do a get ignore and you can always add one later And we don't need a license right now. Right? I mean, there's sort of no harm in choosing usually the most common or like Apache and MIT. I genuinely have no idea what the difference is between those
And we don't need a license right now. Right? I mean, there's sort of no harm in choosing usually the most common or like Apache and MIT. I genuinely have no idea what the difference is between those I think I usually default to MIT strictly because the first time I had to make that decision, I looked to see what some other group was using. And it was MIT. And so I was like, all right, I'm going to do MIT. Yeah. And yeah, if you click license, really quick. I'm just going to show this on here
I think I usually default to MIT strictly because the first time I had to make that decision, I looked to see what some other group was using. And it was MIT. And so I was like, all right, I'm going to do MIT. Yeah. And yeah, if you click license, really quick. I'm just going to show this on here This is the link for to go find Jason's dev role breakdown one to 10. And we will do licenses and go to MIT and create. Okay. Yeah. It's got two whole things. Yeah. Okay. Cool. And then I will go into the read me and create it from what we did so far today. It's already created. Yeah
This is the link for to go find Jason's dev role breakdown one to 10. And we will do licenses and go to MIT and create. Okay. Yeah. It's got two whole things. Yeah. Okay. Cool. And then I will go into the read me and create it from what we did so far today. It's already created. Yeah Yeah. But I'm at like, add my notes. Yeah. Okay. Now that I'm in here, I don't even know if I can you can edit it here. Yes. Absolutely. Well, it's exciting. Oh, y'all haven't done much in GitHub now that I'm learning it. And let's get it
Yeah. But I'm at like, add my notes. Yeah. Okay. Now that I'm in here, I don't even know if I can you can edit it here. Yes. Absolutely. Well, it's exciting. Oh, y'all haven't done much in GitHub now that I'm learning it. And let's get it And let's get it. And Jay just said, also be sure to add a code of conduct as well if you're going to have folks contribute. I'm going to say, hey, Ramon on our live stream on Thursday
And let's get it. And Jay just said, also be sure to add a code of conduct as well if you're going to have folks contribute. I'm going to say, hey, Ramon on our live stream on Thursday Do you want to, can we go over what the code of conduct for them are so I can see an example? Like Ramon and I have been have have in the past worked on a code of conduct for our companies. And Ramon said, hey, you know, where we should start
Do you want to, can we go over what the code of conduct for them are so I can see an example? Like Ramon and I have been have have in the past worked on a code of conduct for our companies. And Ramon said, hey, you know, where we should start We should start with free code camps code of contact because they have an excellent one. Okay. And so yeah. And, oh, and AJ's linked to another one as well. Yeah. Oh, hey, this is cool. Jay, is this what you normally use for them or do you use something else? I'm going to the second link. Oh, cool
We should start with free code camps code of contact because they have an excellent one. Okay. And so yeah. And, oh, and AJ's linked to another one as well. Yeah. Oh, hey, this is cool. Jay, is this what you normally use for them or do you use something else? I'm going to the second link. Oh, cool Oh, cool. It. In the other version of it. Oh, nice. I didn't know that, Jay. GitHub. GitHub. GitHub. GitHub. GitHub has a template built in as well. If you create a new file with the name code of conduct, it will make the file default. Thank you, Jay. That is awesome
Oh, cool. It. In the other version of it. Oh, nice. I didn't know that, Jay. GitHub. GitHub. GitHub. GitHub. GitHub has a template built in as well. If you create a new file with the name code of conduct, it will make the file default. Thank you, Jay. That is awesome That is awesome. Go find where I put this too many tabs, y'all. Too many tabs. Okay. If I go here, and I add a file, wait, new file. And I want code, and oh, okay. And so MD is the file extension for Markdown for anybody who is wondering. Good call. Good call
That is awesome. Go find where I put this too many tabs, y'all. Too many tabs. Okay. If I go here, and I add a file, wait, new file. And I want code, and oh, okay. And so MD is the file extension for Markdown for anybody who is wondering. Good call. Good call Good call. Oh, and there's also a choose a code of tongue that pump templates right here. I mean words right now, y'all. It's a thing. Look at the right. Okay. Yeah, I think that's that code of conduct template button that you were just from. Yeah
Good call. Oh, and there's also a choose a code of tongue that pump templates right here. I mean words right now, y'all. It's a thing. Look at the right. Okay. Yeah, I think that's that code of conduct template button that you were just from. Yeah Yeah. And Jay, I feel like I need your help with VS code because I tried to open stuff in VS code and from terminal and it doesn't work. Oh, I know this one. Or we can wait for Jay. Well, I did. You know how you something the link of how to fix it. I may have broke terminal
Yeah. And Jay, I feel like I need your help with VS code because I tried to open stuff in VS code and from terminal and it doesn't work. Oh, I know this one. Or we can wait for Jay. Well, I did. You know how you something the link of how to fix it. I may have broke terminal You can't have broken it. No, like you could you could do like LS look up or CD or anything. It was it was pretty entertaining. Yeah, yeah. Anthony helped me figure that out, but that's why I was like Jay. I need your help at some point. This is cool. This is actually really, really cool
You can't have broken it. No, like you could you could do like LS look up or CD or anything. It was it was pretty entertaining. Yeah, yeah. Anthony helped me figure that out, but that's why I was like Jay. I need your help at some point. This is cool. This is actually really, really cool Oh, so if I go. Revient submit. You work with codes folks you work with folks on VS code Python experience. Oh, score. Way more informed than I am then. Bye for. Jay is like so informed and super super knowledgeable on all of this stuff
Oh, so if I go. Revient submit. You work with codes folks you work with folks on VS code Python experience. Oh, score. Way more informed than I am then. Bye for. Jay is like so informed and super super knowledgeable on all of this stuff I will say all of you are like all of you are really cool and like helping me like figure this stuff out. So I'm going to commit commit this file. Oh, no, I did a new branch. That's okay. Then we can merge it. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um, pull request. Is that where you would merge it? Sure
I will say all of you are like all of you are really cool and like helping me like figure this stuff out. So I'm going to commit commit this file. Oh, no, I did a new branch. That's okay. Then we can merge it. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um, pull request. Is that where you would merge it? Sure Um, click the green one down there. Create pull request. Okay. Now if this had anything more going on, you'd want to like maybe review it or well, since it's only you in here at the moment. Yeah. You're good to go. But yeah, so you can merge pull request. All right. And can burn merge. Yeah
Um, click the green one down there. Create pull request. Okay. Now if this had anything more going on, you'd want to like maybe review it or well, since it's only you in here at the moment. Yeah. You're good to go. But yeah, so you can merge pull request. All right. And can burn merge. Yeah Yeah. And now you can delete your new branch. Hey. And then go to. Yeah. I'm going to put that in my notes too because that was dope. Me too. Let's put this over here. So I remember to put it in my code in my notes. All right. I keep forgetting that VS code is a Microsoft thing
Yeah. And now you can delete your new branch. Hey. And then go to. Yeah. I'm going to put that in my notes too because that was dope. Me too. Let's put this over here. So I remember to put it in my code in my notes. All right. I keep forgetting that VS code is a Microsoft thing Um, Jay just said, um, just got to Microsoft earlier this year. And I was like, Microsoft, why does that matter? Oh, because good morning. VS code is a Microsoft, right? I swear I'm awake. Yes, Jay, come join the stream. I will give you a least later. So much for coming. Super helpful
Um, Jay just said, um, just got to Microsoft earlier this year. And I was like, Microsoft, why does that matter? Oh, because good morning. VS code is a Microsoft, right? I swear I'm awake. Yes, Jay, come join the stream. I will give you a least later. So much for coming. Super helpful Super helpful. This was this was in so much knowledge drops and learning so much. And I'm, when we just, I would do more. I just wanted to put your, um, Python file into your repo. I mean, that would make sense. How do I do that? Okay. So, um, there are a few different ways we can do that
Super helpful. This was this was in so much knowledge drops and learning so much. And I'm, when we just, I would do more. I just wanted to put your, um, Python file into your repo. I mean, that would make sense. How do I do that? Okay. So, um, there are a few different ways we can do that Let's start with maybe the, the, like, GUI oriented one. And then in a future stream, we'll do it from the terminal. Dig it. Okay. Cool. So, um, go into your repo. Um, and it's good. Right. Hello. Um, click add file upload. I should probably make sure this is saved. Good call. Um, choose file
Let's start with maybe the, the, like, GUI oriented one. And then in a future stream, we'll do it from the terminal. Dig it. Okay. Cool. So, um, go into your repo. Um, and it's good. Right. Hello. Um, click add file upload. I should probably make sure this is saved. Good call. Um, choose file Um, choose file. And we went to desktop, code folder. This one. Open. We know this is the right file because the extension, the file extension is.py. So we know this is our Python file as opposed to any of the other things that could be there
Um, choose file. And we went to desktop, code folder. This one. Open. We know this is the right file because the extension, the file extension is.py. So we know this is our Python file as opposed to any of the other things that could be there Um, we're going to direct it directly to the main branch because this one is not, we don't have to, there's not an already existing file to go see the changes. Right. True
Um, we're going to direct it directly to the main branch because this one is not, we don't have to, there's not an already existing file to go see the changes. Right. True Right. True. Um, if you were working, if other, if you had other people collaborating on this, even though there aren't any changes, you might want somebody to review it just because it's new. Got it. And so in that case, you would, you would make a new branch, put it there, let them review it
Right. True. Um, if you were working, if other, if you had other people collaborating on this, even though there aren't any changes, you might want somebody to review it just because it's new. Got it. And so in that case, you would, you would make a new branch, put it there, let them review it And then assuming it's all good, then merge it in. Cool. All right. Hey, it's there. Yay. I don't know why I'm so excited about this. But it is there. It's a lot of this part. This is why I have my new Python file. And you have a repo and a readme and a code of conduct. Yeah. First code of conduct
And then assuming it's all good, then merge it in. Cool. All right. Hey, it's there. Yay. I don't know why I'm so excited about this. But it is there. It's a lot of this part. This is why I have my new Python file. And you have a repo and a readme and a code of conduct. Yeah. First code of conduct Yeah. I'm slowly building it up. Yay. Oh, yeah. Python and I have CSS. Yes. Yes. I also have multiple accounts that I don't know what to do with, which I will figure that out at a different point. Sweet. Yeah. Thank you. I think we have hit all of our targets today and then some. Yes
Yeah. I'm slowly building it up. Yay. Oh, yeah. Python and I have CSS. Yes. Yes. I also have multiple accounts that I don't know what to do with, which I will figure that out at a different point. Sweet. Yeah. Thank you. I think we have hit all of our targets today and then some. Yes Yes. Which is, which is pretty cool. Thanks to, thanks to Jay. For that. Yeah. We got the crowd going. Yeah. So many different, this is the one thing I love about life's rooming is such like a community. Absolutely. So much learning. All right. Cool. Well, everyone, thank you for joining today
Yes. Which is, which is pretty cool. Thanks to, thanks to Jay. For that. Yeah. We got the crowd going. Yeah. So many different, this is the one thing I love about life's rooming is such like a community. Absolutely. So much learning. All right. Cool. Well, everyone, thank you for joining today And yes, all the green squares. Yes, but I get really happy about the green squares. I need to get more green squares. And I'm learning. I am learning. I have no idea what I'm doing for co-working tomorrow, but it's probably writing, reading these on stuff. Nice
And yes, all the green squares. Yes, but I get really happy about the green squares. I need to get more green squares. And I'm learning. I am learning. I have no idea what I'm doing for co-working tomorrow, but it's probably writing, reading these on stuff. Nice Nice. Probably what I'm going to be doing. So thank you. Thank you so much, everyone. And we will see you. I'll see everybody tomorrow, but we'll keep you posted when Laura is coming back on. Thank you. Bye, everyone. Thanks, Jen.
Nice. Probably what I'm going to be doing. So thank you. Thank you so much, everyone. And we will see you. I'll see everybody tomorrow, but we'll keep you posted when Laura is coming back on. Thank you. Bye, everyone. Thanks, Jen.