We'll have her in the background. Hello, beautiful humans. Thank you for joining another day at TeachDentek. We have, yes, me talking about my dog in the background and also Taylor and Ramon. This is Ramon's third time being on the show, which is exciting And this time he brought a guest with him, Taylor, and please introduce yourselves and what will be le, le, words. What will we be learning today? What are you teaching today in it? What am I learning? Why don't you go for a staler? Okay, hey everybody, I'm Taylor
And this time he brought a guest with him, Taylor, and please introduce yourselves and what will be le, le, words. What will we be learning today? What are you teaching today in it? What am I learning? Why don't you go for a staler? Okay, hey everybody, I'm Taylor I'm the operations director at Distribute Aid. I'm sure we'll talk about Distribute Aid in a minute
I'm the operations director at Distribute Aid. I'm sure we'll talk about Distribute Aid in a minute But yeah, kind of want to get into the tech in high school to comp sign college, dropped out of college to detect start-up thing, and loved the early stage order building, hated the money focus on startups in the valley
But yeah, kind of want to get into the tech in high school to comp sign college, dropped out of college to detect start-up thing, and loved the early stage order building, hated the money focus on startups in the valley So now I've asked between Pittsburgh and Belgrade Serbia where I'm currently at doing this aid work and building some tech alongside it. Very cool, and yes, I have questions. And yes, I found my glasses, Sky. I'm very excited because I was running around very blind
So now I've asked between Pittsburgh and Belgrade Serbia where I'm currently at doing this aid work and building some tech alongside it. Very cool, and yes, I have questions. And yes, I found my glasses, Sky. I'm very excited because I was running around very blind And Ramon, who are you and what are you going to be teaching us? Well, I'm laughing because this is the, like it's been a long time. I've been hosting a lot of streams this week, and I went to click on Kai's comment, and I realized I couldn't highlight it because I'm not the host
And Ramon, who are you and what are you going to be teaching us? Well, I'm laughing because this is the, like it's been a long time. I've been hosting a lot of streams this week, and I went to click on Kai's comment, and I realized I couldn't highlight it because I'm not the host And I was like, oh, yeah, I'm not hosting. Oh, but this is fun. Like I didn't know it would move all of our videos to see Kai's comment. Yes, I did find my glasses. I found a pair. I have multiple. That is the one thing I didn't get to tell you, Kai, is I have multiple pairs of glasses that I lose
And I was like, oh, yeah, I'm not hosting. Oh, but this is fun. Like I didn't know it would move all of our videos to see Kai's comment. Yes, I did find my glasses. I found a pair. I have multiple. That is the one thing I didn't get to tell you, Kai, is I have multiple pairs of glasses that I lose Yes, hi, everybody. My name's Ramon. I'm tuning in from Vienna in Austria. I'm a developer advocate and developer educator
Yes, hi, everybody. My name's Ramon. I'm tuning in from Vienna in Austria. I'm a developer advocate and developer educator And I'm here to help out with teaching Jen, a little bit of open source contribution, a little bit of, like I was telling her earlier, we're going to be doing, what is it
And I'm here to help out with teaching Jen, a little bit of open source contribution, a little bit of, like I was telling her earlier, we're going to be doing, what is it Like, and not to scare anybody, but we're going to be doing TypeScript, Gatsby, GraphQL, Tailwind, the whole mess of stuff today
Like, and not to scare anybody, but we're going to be doing TypeScript, Gatsby, GraphQL, Tailwind, the whole mess of stuff today Yeah, I'm just going to go to the... And get pod, a little bit of code C, some of those dead tools. And y'all, I just want to let you know that I asked them to do this. It was like, hey, this could be a really fun idea
Yeah, I'm just going to go to the... And get pod, a little bit of code C, some of those dead tools. And y'all, I just want to let you know that I asked them to do this. It was like, hey, this could be a really fun idea So I know I signed up for something difficult, but I think it's really fun in the fact that learning very, very complex items and then breaking it down afterwards is something that I found is a learning style that helps me a lot because then I know why I'm learning these bare basics, where if I just learn the bare basics first, I'm not great at remembering them either, if I don't know where they go
So I know I signed up for something difficult, but I think it's really fun in the fact that learning very, very complex items and then breaking it down afterwards is something that I found is a learning style that helps me a lot because then I know why I'm learning these bare basics, where if I just learn the bare basics first, I'm not great at remembering them either, if I don't know where they go So I learned by doing and having a real world application, you're like, oh, this is why it's important. It makes a lot of sense. Exactly, exactly. And thank you for joining Daylight Turkey and Noelle
So I learned by doing and having a real world application, you're like, oh, this is why it's important. It makes a lot of sense. Exactly, exactly. And thank you for joining Daylight Turkey and Noelle Okay, Daylight Turkey, that's just kind of fun because I don't know your name, so I'm actually saying your username and that's awesome
Okay, Daylight Turkey, that's just kind of fun because I don't know your name, so I'm actually saying your username and that's awesome And also, thank you everyone for joining because I don't know if you have this when y'all live streamed, but I have this notification that I have to have five people talking at the same time in the chat and it's been driving me insane that I have that notification
And also, thank you everyone for joining because I don't know if you have this when y'all live streamed, but I have this notification that I have to have five people talking at the same time in the chat and it's been driving me insane that I have that notification Wait, what is that notification? On Twitch, okay, hold on. Hold on. Like a merit badge on their platform or something. Yes. And it drives me nuts because I'm like, we've had that many people. I don't know why it, you know, like look at this
Wait, what is that notification? On Twitch, okay, hold on. Hold on. Like a merit badge on their platform or something. Yes. And it drives me nuts because I'm like, we've had that many people. I don't know why it, you know, like look at this It just says four, you have to have five people chatting at the same time. I'm like, just go away because you can't clear it either. It's just stuck there
It just says four, you have to have five people chatting at the same time. I'm like, just go away because you can't clear it either. It's just stuck there So who knows what the next thing I'm gonna be really annoyed and stuck at, but that is, so I appreciate everyone joining and thank you, Finn, for joining as well. Nice one, Ramon. I dig it, I dig it. All right. If we need chatters, we can get more folks in there
So who knows what the next thing I'm gonna be really annoyed and stuck at, but that is, so I appreciate everyone joining and thank you, Finn, for joining as well. Nice one, Ramon. I dig it, I dig it. All right. If we need chatters, we can get more folks in there In fact, I'm gonna go ahead and retweet and tell people we're live. But yes, just to preface what we're doing here, because it's not too, not too, override what we're doing here with Teach and Tech
In fact, I'm gonna go ahead and retweet and tell people we're live. But yes, just to preface what we're doing here, because it's not too, not too, override what we're doing here with Teach and Tech But usually at this time of week, Taylor and I are streaming through Distribute Aid, doing something we call OSS or open source Thursdays. So this is kind of a, is this like a crossover episode or a collab, I don't know what to call it. I love it. Yeah, crossover episode, right? But it's cool
But usually at this time of week, Taylor and I are streaming through Distribute Aid, doing something we call OSS or open source Thursdays. So this is kind of a, is this like a crossover episode or a collab, I don't know what to call it. I love it. Yeah, crossover episode, right? But it's cool I'll put on your guys to show at some point. It's gonna be awesome. Yeah, anytime. Awesome. No, we have a ton of fun. And I think our style is perfect. Like you're trying to learn tech. We use a lot of ensemble programming techniques. So anyone in the audience, we get stuck a lot
I'll put on your guys to show at some point. It's gonna be awesome. Yeah, anytime. Awesome. No, we have a ton of fun. And I think our style is perfect. Like you're trying to learn tech. We use a lot of ensemble programming techniques. So anyone in the audience, we get stuck a lot Like you'll see me in a room out and googling for things. We got an answer if you wanna like look at the documentation with us and point us in the right direction
Like you'll see me in a room out and googling for things. We got an answer if you wanna like look at the documentation with us and point us in the right direction Please let us know because we've been doing this for a while, but still always running into new problems, new challenges, forgetting the command name or the style name or something. Yeah. Noelle and I were doing that last week. And it was a lot of fun
Please let us know because we've been doing this for a while, but still always running into new problems, new challenges, forgetting the command name or the style name or something. Yeah. Noelle and I were doing that last week. And it was a lot of fun So that's a big reason that I was like, all right. We gotta do this. And now I am curious. So what is Distribute Aid? Oh yeah, I get to do my pitch. So Distribute Aid, I think at this point, is the world's largest grassroots mutual aid supply chain. So like supply chains are really big
So that's a big reason that I was like, all right. We gotta do this. And now I am curious. So what is Distribute Aid? Oh yeah, I get to do my pitch. So Distribute Aid, I think at this point, is the world's largest grassroots mutual aid supply chain. So like supply chains are really big They delivered trillions of dollars worth of goods. So the grassroots we focus on community-based organizations. Most of our partners are run by volunteers. We're also an all-volunteer team, you know, with a kind of cost of living stipend for our full-time numbers, right
They delivered trillions of dollars worth of goods. So the grassroots we focus on community-based organizations. Most of our partners are run by volunteers. We're also an all-volunteer team, you know, with a kind of cost of living stipend for our full-time numbers, right And mutual aid, it's this idea. It's really gained a lot of popularity, especially in the US like during COVID times, kind of year up 2015, responding to the so-called refugee crisis. It's this idea that we're helping people out, but it's not like charity
And mutual aid, it's this idea. It's really gained a lot of popularity, especially in the US like during COVID times, kind of year up 2015, responding to the so-called refugee crisis. It's this idea that we're helping people out, but it's not like charity We're not just sending resources or sending supplies, you know, really trying to look at what are the core problems and challenges people are facing. And also like what do we get out of this work, you know
We're not just sending resources or sending supplies, you know, really trying to look at what are the core problems and challenges people are facing. And also like what do we get out of this work, you know So this mentality that we're in it together, you know, with the people that we're supporting and we're benefiting by supporting them. So yeah, we do lots of logistics. We also do some open-source tech to help power that logistics. And that means import and export
So this mentality that we're in it together, you know, with the people that we're supporting and we're benefiting by supporting them. So yeah, we do lots of logistics. We also do some open-source tech to help power that logistics. And that means import and export We schedule trucks and shipping containers. We deal with customs. We work with our community partners to do needs assessments, which is powered by one of our other open-source projects. I think we tracked 74 million needed items over the past year. So, and then work with the collection side
We schedule trucks and shipping containers. We deal with customs. We work with our community partners to do needs assessments, which is powered by one of our other open-source projects. I think we tracked 74 million needed items over the past year. So, and then work with the collection side So let me community groups just gathering aid, secondhand clothing, you know, donated tents, kind of, you know, hygiene items purchased from the local grocery store, yeah, together all at aid and really help these smaller community groups access the very large global supply chain to get the aid to our smaller frontline partners and ultimately get it in the hands of the people
So let me community groups just gathering aid, secondhand clothing, you know, donated tents, kind of, you know, hygiene items purchased from the local grocery store, yeah, together all at aid and really help these smaller community groups access the very large global supply chain to get the aid to our smaller frontline partners and ultimately get it in the hands of the people It's really important in rewarding work. We often work alongside much larger organizations like the Red Cross. I think recently I was working with the US government at Fort Pickett, one of the Afghan safe havens running the supply chain there
It's really important in rewarding work. We often work alongside much larger organizations like the Red Cross. I think recently I was working with the US government at Fort Pickett, one of the Afghan safe havens running the supply chain there For a crane response, there are obviously a ton of very large actors, but our grassroots partners are really able to get in there and fill the gaps, right
For a crane response, there are obviously a ton of very large actors, but our grassroots partners are really able to get in there and fill the gaps, right And take care of people that are in, you know, less concentrated areas that are overlooked, that might be, you know, marginalized in some way in these situations, right? And, yeah, and we all learn from it and everyone kind of grows and benefits together
And take care of people that are in, you know, less concentrated areas that are overlooked, that might be, you know, marginalized in some way in these situations, right? And, yeah, and we all learn from it and everyone kind of grows and benefits together So we're really proud over the past year, as you can see on the screen, July 2021 to June 2022, we shipped the equivalent of $14.7 million worth of aid. It's translated to kind of the USA GDP context
So we're really proud over the past year, as you can see on the screen, July 2021 to June 2022, we shipped the equivalent of $14.7 million worth of aid. It's translated to kind of the USA GDP context We only had about a $200,000 budget, right? We're still in all volunteer team, Sethman, you know, Jen, imagine I hand you a dollar and you walk out of Walmart with $87 worth of stuff. Like that's our impact ratio
We only had about a $200,000 budget, right? We're still in all volunteer team, Sethman, you know, Jen, imagine I hand you a dollar and you walk out of Walmart with $87 worth of stuff. Like that's our impact ratio We're multiplying that by 87, you know, saving your money, helping them efficiently ask us this logistics, you know, making sure that the aid scent is needed. It's not trash, it's not something that's gonna sit in the warehouse gathering dust. So we're just there to be what we're doing here
We're multiplying that by 87, you know, saving your money, helping them efficiently ask us this logistics, you know, making sure that the aid scent is needed. It's not trash, it's not something that's gonna sit in the warehouse gathering dust. So we're just there to be what we're doing here And we really see the tech side, that's our long-term play, right? Open Source, you know, it takes a while to build tech products. We had to build a whole supply chain in order to kind of normalize the operations to a point where they're repeatable enough that we could build tech on top of it
And we really see the tech side, that's our long-term play, right? Open Source, you know, it takes a while to build tech products. We had to build a whole supply chain in order to kind of normalize the operations to a point where they're repeatable enough that we could build tech on top of it And it's not about us. Like I'd love to retire at some point. So by building this sort of open source tech, we can empower anybody to do the sort of work that we do, right? Really spread that knowledge and spread those crosses is out throughout our entire community. First off, that is so dope
And it's not about us. Like I'd love to retire at some point. So by building this sort of open source tech, we can empower anybody to do the sort of work that we do, right? Really spread that knowledge and spread those crosses is out throughout our entire community. First off, that is so dope Finn said, that's incredible. And Noel said great stuff. Oh, great to read. And hello, Ben, officially. Now, first off, that is like just kind of bananas thinking about it and the impact
Finn said, that's incredible. And Noel said great stuff. Oh, great to read. And hello, Ben, officially. Now, first off, that is like just kind of bananas thinking about it and the impact And also so many questions for another time because I don't understand as much as I would like to for supply chain and like what goes into it. But something that you're actually remote you're on this page. So I think this is perfect. Like you have donate here
And also so many questions for another time because I don't understand as much as I would like to for supply chain and like what goes into it. But something that you're actually remote you're on this page. So I think this is perfect. Like you have donate here Yeah, you talked about it also being open source. And like that's another way we can like donate our time by helping on that
Yeah, you talked about it also being open source. And like that's another way we can like donate our time by helping on that So where do people like go find this information? Is it on the donate page? Like, yo, donate your time as a powder? Or is like where do you have that stuff? That is a really great question
So where do people like go find this information? Is it on the donate page? Like, yo, donate your time as a powder? Or is like where do you have that stuff? That is a really great question One of the problems with our website is that we kind of would update it and then get really busy doing the eight stuff. We're very like action oriented teams
One of the problems with our website is that we kind of would update it and then get really busy doing the eight stuff. We're very like action oriented teams So we'd all get sucked into like responses and things and it would not get updated for a year, right? And then we'd update again and then it would not get updated for a year
So we'd all get sucked into like responses and things and it would not get updated for a year, right? And then we'd update again and then it would not get updated for a year So I think a lot of our code stuff, if you go to any one of our GitHub repos, or if you go to our main GitHub page, we have lots of ways for people to tap in there
So I think a lot of our code stuff, if you go to any one of our GitHub repos, or if you go to our main GitHub page, we have lots of ways for people to tap in there But that's a great point that we should put more avenues, you know, folks visit our website and like direct people to contribute to our code bases
But that's a great point that we should put more avenues, you know, folks visit our website and like direct people to contribute to our code bases So yeah, I think that's like, you know, on GitHub, you know, on places that tech folks are like tapped into, like Twitter, we really try to make it easy for people to get involved. And absolutely love it when they do your absolutely right, like make a contribution to one of our open source repos
So yeah, I think that's like, you know, on GitHub, you know, on places that tech folks are like tapped into, like Twitter, we really try to make it easy for people to get involved. And absolutely love it when they do your absolutely right, like make a contribution to one of our open source repos 10 bucks a month helps deliver $10,000 of aid. Like it doesn't matter, right? We just want to get people involved in these movements and then helping others. That words, like I think a lot of people that are currently in the code space, you know, they'll know to look at, get hub and stuff
10 bucks a month helps deliver $10,000 of aid. Like it doesn't matter, right? We just want to get people involved in these movements and then helping others. That words, like I think a lot of people that are currently in the code space, you know, they'll know to look at, get hub and stuff But if you go to the donate page itself, it does show open collective. So I do just want to point that out. So that way we know that there is another different ways to donate time and money
But if you go to the donate page itself, it does show open collective. So I do just want to point that out. So that way we know that there is another different ways to donate time and money That is, and especially with being unemployed for so long, I'm excited that there is a way to donate time and learn to code and work on doing this. So that being said, I, yes, I have tons of curiosity questions, but they have nothing to do with the project itself
That is, and especially with being unemployed for so long, I'm excited that there is a way to donate time and learn to code and work on doing this. So that being said, I, yes, I have tons of curiosity questions, but they have nothing to do with the project itself Where do we get started today? And Ramona, are you gonna drive for a majority of it or you want me to drive? Well, I would love to, as always, make this a unsomble programming opportunity. Jen, if you're feeling cool with it, we could have you drive
Where do we get started today? And Ramona, are you gonna drive for a majority of it or you want me to drive? Well, I would love to, as always, make this a unsomble programming opportunity. Jen, if you're feeling cool with it, we could have you drive Taylor and I would help navigate and everybody in the chat, and I mean, everybody, you are invited to be part of the unsomble. That means, that means Jen will be doing the actual hands-on coding. Taylor and I will be guiding, asking questions, answering questions, and that sort of thing
Taylor and I would help navigate and everybody in the chat, and I mean, everybody, you are invited to be part of the unsomble. That means, that means Jen will be doing the actual hands-on coding. Taylor and I will be guiding, asking questions, answering questions, and that sort of thing Everybody else in the audience, you are the unsomble, which means you are asking questions, you're looking up stuff in the documentation, you are helping us with CSS stuff, because we're, and with tailwind and stuff, because, you know, stuff's gonna, stuff's gonna come up and it'll be totally fine
Everybody else in the audience, you are the unsomble, which means you are asking questions, you're looking up stuff in the documentation, you are helping us with CSS stuff, because we're, and with tailwind and stuff, because, you know, stuff's gonna, stuff's gonna come up and it'll be totally fine But yeah, today are big overarching, arching, what are we gonna go with arching? Our big overarching goal is to bring an on board Jen as a contributor to distribute aid. And in order to do that, we'll get you on our GitHub. So here's a question for you, Taylor
But yeah, today are big overarching, arching, what are we gonna go with arching? Our big overarching goal is to bring an on board Jen as a contributor to distribute aid. And in order to do that, we'll get you on our GitHub. So here's a question for you, Taylor Do we have a link to GitHub in our, on the main page, should it be there? We definitely should, like in the footer or something, at least. And that might be a cool thing. We can add right here on this stream. I think so. Yeah, because we already have the icons there, so make sure that's unsomable
Do we have a link to GitHub in our, on the main page, should it be there? We definitely should, like in the footer or something, at least. And that might be a cool thing. We can add right here on this stream. I think so. Yeah, because we already have the icons there, so make sure that's unsomable I agree, and I do wanna say Ben, I did tell them that you taught me how to submit my first PR
I agree, and I do wanna say Ben, I did tell them that you taught me how to submit my first PR So they do know that I have done it, and you taught me, because I'm also nervous to do it again, because it was a lot of like peeking at my notes and going, what am I doing again? Okay, but I'm excited because it's like, practice is the only way to get it to go through
So they do know that I have done it, and you taught me, because I'm also nervous to do it again, because it was a lot of like peeking at my notes and going, what am I doing again? Okay, but I'm excited because it's like, practice is the only way to get it to go through And also, I get that y'all already have a readme file. I'm gonna be creating my own readme, because that is my way of practicing my readmeas, as well as, you know, it'll make for great blog content at some point, you know, when I'm not live streaming or Twitter spacing or going to the office
And also, I get that y'all already have a readme file. I'm gonna be creating my own readme, because that is my way of practicing my readmeas, as well as, you know, it'll make for great blog content at some point, you know, when I'm not live streaming or Twitter spacing or going to the office All right. No, that sounds great. Yeah, I think practical first step to get started. Let's go to the Distribute Aid GitHub, and we wanna choose the Distribute Aid.org. Yeah, I think it's not, oh, there we go. Yeah. No. No. There's a typo. It's so wrong. There's a typo
All right. No, that sounds great. Yeah, I think practical first step to get started. Let's go to the Distribute Aid GitHub, and we wanna choose the Distribute Aid.org. Yeah, I think it's not, oh, there we go. Yeah. No. No. There's a typo. It's so wrong. There's a typo There's a typo. There's a missing S in Distribute. Oh, no. There we go. See y'all, you can be an amazing organization and still mess up the code stuff. But that means that, and I'm just curious, so I'm gonna open this actually in another tab. I wanna see if I remember how to do this is
There's a typo. There's a missing S in Distribute. Oh, no. There we go. See y'all, you can be an amazing organization and still mess up the code stuff. But that means that, and I'm just curious, so I'm gonna open this actually in another tab. I wanna see if I remember how to do this is This actually is a great, would this be, this site is open collective? Yeah, open collective is a really cool fiscal hosting platform. And so that's how we have charity status in the US is we're physically hosted by open collectives
This actually is a great, would this be, this site is open collective? Yeah, open collective is a really cool fiscal hosting platform. And so that's how we have charity status in the US is we're physically hosted by open collectives We can accept donations from people like monetary donations on the US. So where would you put a issue to remind you to go fix that? It's a good question. Yeah, I think since it's probably not tied to one of our coding repos, I'm gonna file it right here and also some notes
We can accept donations from people like monetary donations on the US. So where would you put a issue to remind you to go fix that? It's a good question. Yeah, I think since it's probably not tied to one of our coding repos, I'm gonna file it right here and also some notes We bring that up in our once week admin meeting. So it's kind of our chance, our hour every week to say, hey, here's the things we can improve upon or what are we working on this week. And we use notion to track that. We love notion. That's great
We bring that up in our once week admin meeting. So it's kind of our chance, our hour every week to say, hey, here's the things we can improve upon or what are we working on this week. And we use notion to track that. We love notion. That's great That's great. All right, so I need a quick note right now to our notion. I didn't fall, I didn't know you could follow an organization that's fascinating. I think, well, I think I do because I go back here because I follow open sauce. Oh yeah, cool
That's great. All right, so I need a quick note right now to our notion. I didn't fall, I didn't know you could follow an organization that's fascinating. I think, well, I think I do because I go back here because I follow open sauce. Oh yeah, cool Oh yeah, cool. I think, I don't know, let's see if I actually followed all of it or if I just followed that one. Oh yeah, so is there a follow? Nice. Sweet. All right, Kai had a good question
Oh yeah, cool. I think, I don't know, let's see if I actually followed all of it or if I just followed that one. Oh yeah, so is there a follow? Nice. Sweet. All right, Kai had a good question They were gonna ask, where content for the website type issues would come up because that's something where I could easily contribute. Taylor, you're muted. Classic, it happens like at least every other Zoom call. No, I really appreciate that
They were gonna ask, where content for the website type issues would come up because that's something where I could easily contribute. Taylor, you're muted. Classic, it happens like at least every other Zoom call. No, I really appreciate that Ty, definitely reach out if you want to shoot me a message at borderless dev. So I have your, that's on Twitter or hello at distributed.org for email. We love to connect, get you involved. So that link from Open Collective because that was on the Open Collective side. That's not a good thing
Ty, definitely reach out if you want to shoot me a message at borderless dev. So I have your, that's on Twitter or hello at distributed.org for email. We love to connect, get you involved. So that link from Open Collective because that was on the Open Collective side. That's not a good thing But if there's actual stuff with the website like adding a GitHub icon and being able to click and access our GitHub to the footer of the webpage or on the donate page like other ways to contribute, that would be the perfect thing to add to our landing site repository
But if there's actual stuff with the website like adding a GitHub icon and being able to click and access our GitHub to the footer of the webpage or on the donate page like other ways to contribute, that would be the perfect thing to add to our landing site repository So Jen, if you want to go to distribute a there and I think if you scroll down in the overview, it shows our active projects or if you click on the list of repos we have. Yeah, that should be the link right there. Cool. So project seeking contributions. Yay. Perfect. And that's the distribute
So Jen, if you want to go to distribute a there and I think if you scroll down in the overview, it shows our active projects or if you click on the list of repos we have. Yeah, that should be the link right there. Cool. So project seeking contributions. Yay. Perfect. And that's the distributeorg project for our landing site. So this will be the place. If anyone wants to get involved, we have some help wanted issues open on the issues tab. And please, please, please do file issues. If you notice anything on our site that can be improved or content you'd like to see, things like that
org project for our landing site. So this will be the place. If anyone wants to get involved, we have some help wanted issues open on the issues tab. And please, please, please do file issues. If you notice anything on our site that can be improved or content you'd like to see, things like that I do have something if I may. Jen, could I ask you to maybe enlarge the font size a little please? Oh, yeah, for sure. I like how it did that for this one. And then I don't realize when it doesn't do it for all pages. Yeah, totally fair. All right. Much better than I am. Thank you
I do have something if I may. Jen, could I ask you to maybe enlarge the font size a little please? Oh, yeah, for sure. I like how it did that for this one. And then I don't realize when it doesn't do it for all pages. Yeah, totally fair. All right. Much better than I am. Thank you Thank you. If anybody watching wants it a little bit larger, just let us know please. Yes, definitely. And then for us today, are we going to be looking at issues or? Yep, we got an issue speced out just for you, Jen. Yay. Yep
Thank you. If anybody watching wants it a little bit larger, just let us know please. Yes, definitely. And then for us today, are we going to be looking at issues or? Yep, we got an issue speced out just for you, Jen. Yay. Yep Yay. Yep. So the one I created this afternoon is that first one there, number 523, set up generic pages and content components. And I wrote a whole bunch. I might have overdone it on the description. Wow
Yay. Yep. So the one I created this afternoon is that first one there, number 523, set up generic pages and content components. And I wrote a whole bunch. I might have overdone it on the description. Wow Wow. But yeah, I think the idea is that we remote an eye on our stream if I'm working on a lot of data-driven pages. So things like our regions pages where we can mop up, like a regions template in our content management system
Wow. But yeah, I think the idea is that we remote an eye on our stream if I'm working on a lot of data-driven pages. So things like our regions pages where we can mop up, like a regions template in our content management system And then the admin team can go out at the dozen regions that we ship you to. And then all of those pages show up and they have the same format, right? Region name, subregions, current events, things like that. We also have a ton of pages that are unique
And then the admin team can go out at the dozen regions that we ship you to. And then all of those pages show up and they have the same format, right? Region name, subregions, current events, things like that. We also have a ton of pages that are unique The about us page or the how to contribute code page or some guide on exporting aid from the UK, right? And so they don't follow a consistent content format
The about us page or the how to contribute code page or some guide on exporting aid from the UK, right? And so they don't follow a consistent content format What we'd like to do today is start from the front and work our way backwards, right? Which means start by just hard coding some HTML onto a page. And then refactor that until we end up with a kind of generic page template and these different content blocks
What we'd like to do today is start from the front and work our way backwards, right? Which means start by just hard coding some HTML onto a page. And then refactor that until we end up with a kind of generic page template and these different content blocks And what that will allow our admin team to do is create a page and then specify, OK, I want to start it off. And here's the opening paragraph. And then here's a paragraph with an image next to it. And then here's a YouTube embed
And what that will allow our admin team to do is create a page and then specify, OK, I want to start it off. And here's the opening paragraph. And then here's a paragraph with an image next to it. And then here's a YouTube embed And it'll give them the flexibility, you know, for any one of these pages, it's not all going to look the same. They need different content. Our admin and ops people can choose that content
And it'll give them the flexibility, you know, for any one of these pages, it's not all going to look the same. They need different content. Our admin and ops people can choose that content And they can get these pages up and running without needing to wait on the death, which really is a great way to empower non-technical contributors to your technical projects, right? Just remove barriers and set things up in a flexible manner. So they don't have to wait for devs
And they can get these pages up and running without needing to wait on the death, which really is a great way to empower non-technical contributors to your technical projects, right? Just remove barriers and set things up in a flexible manner. So they don't have to wait for devs We're not acting as gatekeepers to getting changes live. So a pretty important issue, definitely a challenge. But I think the three of us are up to it
We're not acting as gatekeepers to getting changes live. So a pretty important issue, definitely a challenge. But I think the three of us are up to it I will say so for this, something that I learned earlier this week was like commenting in here and saying, hey, can I take this? So that way we're assigned. So, OK, yes, yes. I saw happy dances. So we're happy. Happy dance means go for it. In fact, what I can do is assign it to you
I will say so for this, something that I learned earlier this week was like commenting in here and saying, hey, can I take this? So that way we're assigned. So, OK, yes, yes. I saw happy dances. So we're happy. Happy dance means go for it. In fact, what I can do is assign it to you Sweet, I commented. That was fun. If you stay there, if you stay there, because I think GitHub does this automatically, I will say, oh, wait, I'm not logged in. Give me one second. Thank you. Thank you. Wrong. Too many browser windows. Absolutely. Thank you for your hand. Y'all
Sweet, I commented. That was fun. If you stay there, if you stay there, because I think GitHub does this automatically, I will say, oh, wait, I'm not logged in. Give me one second. Thank you. Thank you. Wrong. Too many browser windows. Absolutely. Thank you for your hand. Y'all Y'all. So getting a choppy is getting a choppy for me. I'm just going to switch from my Wi-Fi to tethering through my mobile phone. So if I drop out for half a sec, I'll be right back. No worries. No worries. I can hold it. Keep it wrong. Yeah, yeah. So I'm going to comment now. Absolutely
Y'all. So getting a choppy is getting a choppy for me. I'm just going to switch from my Wi-Fi to tethering through my mobile phone. So if I drop out for half a sec, I'll be right back. No worries. No worries. I can hold it. Keep it wrong. Yeah, yeah. So I'm going to comment now. Absolutely Absolutely. Thank you for your help, which should A and. So if you stayed at the bottom real quick. OK. Yeah. Let's, what's it? Teach Gen Tech. T. Oh, wait. I need to like. Oh, yay. OK
Absolutely. Thank you for your help, which should A and. So if you stayed at the bottom real quick. OK. Yeah. Let's, what's it? Teach Gen Tech. T. Oh, wait. I need to like. Oh, yay. OK Oh, yay. OK. So let's take a second and talk about like assigning issues on GitHub, because like this can sometimes, in a sense, like bring on a bit of pressure, right? It's like, oh, my gosh
Oh, yay. OK. So let's take a second and talk about like assigning issues on GitHub, because like this can sometimes, in a sense, like bring on a bit of pressure, right? It's like, oh, my gosh Do I have to? Am I like fully responsible for this? And what if I draw it? Like, what if I get busy? What if I get a new job and I need to fully focus on this for a few weeks? What happens? Of course, this depends on the etiquette and like usual
Do I have to? Am I like fully responsible for this? And what if I draw it? Like, what if I get busy? What if I get a new job and I need to fully focus on this for a few weeks? What happens? Of course, this depends on the etiquette and like usual You know, every day going on at an open source project. But usually, usually this means that if somebody's coming in and being like, oh, you know, I'd like to work on this. And you see that they assigned it to themselves, like, I don't know, like, month and a half ago
You know, every day going on at an open source project. But usually, usually this means that if somebody's coming in and being like, oh, you know, I'd like to work on this. And you see that they assigned it to themselves, like, I don't know, like, month and a half ago And they're not really working on it. Nothing stopping them from coming in and being like, hey, Jen, are you still working on this? Because if not, I'll happily take over
And they're not really working on it. Nothing stopping them from coming in and being like, hey, Jen, are you still working on this? Because if not, I'll happily take over And then usually you'll respond and say, like, oh, you know, what I did get rather busy, like, do you mind taking over? And that's totally fine. What I'm getting at is don't stress about having this assigned to you. And then maybe you can't follow up on it later. There is time
And then usually you'll respond and say, like, oh, you know, what I did get rather busy, like, do you mind taking over? And that's totally fine. What I'm getting at is don't stress about having this assigned to you. And then maybe you can't follow up on it later. There is time There is time. Maybe we can get back on it later. Like, this is flexible. I'm like, so does that mean we're doing it like on your stream? One of these days, like to finish it out. How are we going to do it? For the first time. We can stream it. We can come back to it
There is time. Maybe we can get back on it later. Like, this is flexible. I'm like, so does that mean we're doing it like on your stream? One of these days, like to finish it out. How are we going to do it? For the first time. We can stream it. We can come back to it We can do it, you know, on our own time. Like the door is open. Yeah. Yeah, I think, you know, just being really flexible and communicating well with each other. And like, it's very understandable. Like, everyone goes through busy periods, you know, everyone gets excited about an issue
We can do it, you know, on our own time. Like the door is open. Yeah. Yeah, I think, you know, just being really flexible and communicating well with each other. And like, it's very understandable. Like, everyone goes through busy periods, you know, everyone gets excited about an issue And then it's kind of like you need someone to help you cross that finish line on the flip side. Jen, you might fall in love with coding we're doing today. And really like this tribute aid and get this PR up. And then want to assign yourself the next issue, right? I'm digging it. I'm digging it
And then it's kind of like you need someone to help you cross that finish line on the flip side. Jen, you might fall in love with coding we're doing today. And really like this tribute aid and get this PR up. And then want to assign yourself the next issue, right? I'm digging it. I'm digging it I'm digging it. All right. So now that I have it assigned, if I remember correctly, I need to fork it and then clone it on my computer. Well, you will be forking it, but we're going to have to be trying something new today. So go ahead and fork it. Well, we've done it before. But like new, sorry
I'm digging it. All right. So now that I have it assigned, if I remember correctly, I need to fork it and then clone it on my computer. Well, you will be forking it, but we're going to have to be trying something new today. So go ahead and fork it. Well, we've done it before. But like new, sorry Oh, I'm wondering if the other one. I usually not used to forking things because I just like on the, I can just, yeah. We've got a hand on the forking here. I'm not very familiar. Oh, you're good. I think the reason we want to fork Taylor is so that Jen can push commits. Yeah, yeah. That's cool
Oh, I'm wondering if the other one. I usually not used to forking things because I just like on the, I can just, yeah. We've got a hand on the forking here. I'm not very familiar. Oh, you're good. I think the reason we want to fork Taylor is so that Jen can push commits. Yeah, yeah. That's cool That's cool. I could also just add hers to our life. That's amazing. If you want to do that, we can do that too. In fact, actually, do we want to add Jen as a contributor first thing? I mean, that seems like an easy way to go about it
That's cool. I could also just add hers to our life. That's amazing. If you want to do that, we can do that too. In fact, actually, do we want to add Jen as a contributor first thing? I mean, that seems like an easy way to go about it It depends, Jen, do you want to fork? Do you just want to join the distributed team when we get home? And so you can push directly to the repo. I am down to joining as a dev, as long as when I need to do this kind of stuff on other open source, y'all will help me through it if I don't remember
It depends, Jen, do you want to fork? Do you just want to join the distributed team when we get home? And so you can push directly to the repo. I am down to joining as a dev, as long as when I need to do this kind of stuff on other open source, y'all will help me through it if I don't remember Yes. Of course. OK. So that means I need to go back. No. If you move your mouse a little bit lower, you'll see my face. Wasn't that one, but I think what you can do is go back twice. Then go see where it says forked from distributeate distributeate.org. Oh, OK. Yeah. Yeah. I am back. Yeah
Yes. Of course. OK. So that means I need to go back. No. If you move your mouse a little bit lower, you'll see my face. Wasn't that one, but I think what you can do is go back twice. Then go see where it says forked from distributeate distributeate.org. Oh, OK. Yeah. Yeah. I am back. Yeah I am back. Yeah. And then as soon as Taylor gives us, actually, we don't need the get go. We don't need the word from Taylor, because what we could do, Jen, is start you off, but with something a little bit new
I am back. Yeah. And then as soon as Taylor gives us, actually, we don't need the get go. We don't need the word from Taylor, because what we could do, Jen, is start you off, but with something a little bit new Because a lot of projects you can contribute, say, by cloning to your computer, which is all well and good. But what Taylor and I usually do on stream is we actually use a tool that lets us do live collaborative coding, called get pod. And it's something we'd love to try out with you today. So OK
Because a lot of projects you can contribute, say, by cloning to your computer, which is all well and good. But what Taylor and I usually do on stream is we actually use a tool that lets us do live collaborative coding, called get pod. And it's something we'd love to try out with you today. So OK So OK. In order to do that, what you got to do is scroll down a little bit. Down to the read me. I was like, I see a get pod. No, you're good. So. Read me. Keep going. Yeah. And I have had it, Jen, to our depth team on get up. With great power, comes great responsibility. And don't worry
So OK. In order to do that, what you got to do is scroll down a little bit. Down to the read me. I was like, I see a get pod. No, you're good. So. Read me. Keep going. Yeah. And I have had it, Jen, to our depth team on get up. With great power, comes great responsibility. And don't worry And don't worry. I don't think you can break anything. That's it. I was going to say, as long as you guys can fix anything if I break it, if I do break it. For what is worth, Jen, we break stuff all the time. A time. OK. I dig it. I dig it
And don't worry. I don't think you can break anything. That's it. I was going to say, as long as you guys can fix anything if I break it, if I do break it. For what is worth, Jen, we break stuff all the time. A time. OK. I dig it. I dig it I dig it. I dig it. So you're going to see a button a little bit higher up that says open and get get pod. Let's go ahead and give that a click. And this is going to get you logged in to get pod, which will ask you to sign in, like link it to your GitHub account
I dig it. I dig it. So you're going to see a button a little bit higher up that says open and get get pod. Let's go ahead and give that a click. And this is going to get you logged in to get pod, which will ask you to sign in, like link it to your GitHub account And what's going to happen is it'll let you, you want to go with VS Code Browser. This is to pick your editor. And what this is going to do is spin up a development environment on your browser, as well as a coding editor. It is as if VS Code is running live on your browser. Interesting. OK
And what's going to happen is it'll let you, you want to go with VS Code Browser. This is to pick your editor. And what this is going to do is spin up a development environment on your browser, as well as a coding editor. It is as if VS Code is running live on your browser. Interesting. OK Interesting. OK. Along with a terminal. Interesting. We've set it up. So it does all of the NPM install, NPM start up the local server automatically. So what you'll see, well, first off, would you mind making it a touch bigger please? I'd say that's a good size
Interesting. OK. Along with a terminal. Interesting. We've set it up. So it does all of the NPM install, NPM start up the local server automatically. So what you'll see, well, first off, would you mind making it a touch bigger please? I'd say that's a good size Again, folks, if it's too small, just let us know. And I think you can, yeah, you can close those. Yeah. Now you're going to see on the right hand side, there's these little terminal signs on the right most column. You see there's these two get your good. My setup is my laptop covers the corner
Again, folks, if it's too small, just let us know. And I think you can, yeah, you can close those. Yeah. Now you're going to see on the right hand side, there's these little terminal signs on the right most column. You see there's these two get your good. My setup is my laptop covers the corner Oh, yeah. So I'm like, hold on. I need to figure that part out. All right. These ones. Yeah, you see we got two terminals running them. One of them says node. If we click on that, you should see that it's compiling the website. So it's building it so that we can test it live
Oh, yeah. So I'm like, hold on. I need to figure that part out. All right. These ones. Yeah, you see we got two terminals running them. One of them says node. If we click on that, you should see that it's compiling the website. So it's building it so that we can test it live This is all done automatically. That's cool. Yeah. So it's doing that for us. And in the, in where it says task and the other terminal that says task two, that is our, that's our terminal that I set up for us so that we can, you know, do terminal things if needed. I dig it. I dig it. Okay
This is all done automatically. That's cool. Yeah. So it's doing that for us. And in the, in where it says task and the other terminal that says task two, that is our, that's our terminal that I set up for us so that we can, you know, do terminal things if needed. I dig it. I dig it. Okay I dig it. Okay. So let's go back to that GitPod task one real quick. The terminal there. You know, the one that we opened before. I think it GitPod just closed it. So. Oh, no, no, it didn't. If you go back to GitPod real quick, you see the bottom right there
I dig it. Okay. So let's go back to that GitPod task one real quick. The terminal there. You know, the one that we opened before. I think it GitPod just closed it. So. Oh, no, no, it didn't. If you go back to GitPod real quick, you see the bottom right there You see we have those two terminals, right? I just wanted to go back to the, yeah, that one. Oh, okay. I thought you meant going back to the issue. No, no, no. No. Okay. Scroll up just a touch. This one, this one. Yep. There we go
You see we have those two terminals, right? I just wanted to go back to the, yeah, that one. Oh, okay. I thought you meant going back to the issue. No, no, no. No. Okay. Scroll up just a touch. This one, this one. Yep. There we go Yep. There we go. There you can now view DA landing in the browser where it says local host 8000. Go ahead and hover your mouse over that and press command, like hold down command and click on it. So that's going to open up a fake local host that's running in GitPod. In your machine. Okay
Yep. There we go. There you can now view DA landing in the browser where it says local host 8000. Go ahead and hover your mouse over that and press command, like hold down command and click on it. So that's going to open up a fake local host that's running in GitPod. In your machine. Okay Okay. So this is the website as it is right now in development mode. As if you were running it, you know, locally on your machine, but instead you're running on GitPod. So why are we using GitPod? What I like about is that it lets me and Taylor like share this link and work collaboratively
Okay. So this is the website as it is right now in development mode. As if you were running it, you know, locally on your machine, but instead you're running on GitPod. So why are we using GitPod? What I like about is that it lets me and Taylor like share this link and work collaboratively Yeah, this is really fun. We're going to do some real hacker stuff. So I think that you need to turn on the sharing for the GitPod instance, right, Ramon? Yes, that is if we want to hop in. Yeah, is that a good, I probably need to be able to hop in to just copy and paste some content later on here
Yeah, this is really fun. We're going to do some real hacker stuff. So I think that you need to turn on the sharing for the GitPod instance, right, Ramon? Yes, that is if we want to hop in. Yeah, is that a good, I probably need to be able to hop in to just copy and paste some content later on here Sounds good. In that case, Jen, at the bottom of the window, you'll see where it says like GitPod, saga, and then there's some symbols and it says share. Yeah
Sounds good. In that case, Jen, at the bottom of the window, you'll see where it says like GitPod, saga, and then there's some symbols and it says share. Yeah Yeah. So if you copy that URL to the clipboard and maybe paste it in the private chat here, we can hop in and collaborate with you, Ala, Google Docs. So Finn asked a good question. Is it difficult to set up GitPod? That's an excellent question. Super easy. Ramon did a little bit of magic
Yeah. So if you copy that URL to the clipboard and maybe paste it in the private chat here, we can hop in and collaborate with you, Ala, Google Docs. So Finn asked a good question. Is it difficult to set up GitPod? That's an excellent question. Super easy. Ramon did a little bit of magic It was there. It's honestly not all that much magic. Like their docs are super straightforward to set up. You'll see that there is a, and that's a file you almost open, Jen. There's a file called dot GitPod dot YAML. Here in our explorer. I think you see it there. Yeah
It was there. It's honestly not all that much magic. Like their docs are super straightforward to set up. You'll see that there is a, and that's a file you almost open, Jen. There's a file called dot GitPod dot YAML. Here in our explorer. I think you see it there. Yeah Yeah. And what, I mean, you can see there what it is. We've got two tasks, two term, like the two terminals that you saw. One is one does yarn install and then yarn dev to start up, you know, yarn install. Have you worked with yarn yet? Jen? Yeah, technically yes. Okay
Yeah. And what, I mean, you can see there what it is. We've got two tasks, two term, like the two terminals that you saw. One is one does yarn install and then yarn dev to start up, you know, yarn install. Have you worked with yarn yet? Jen? Yeah, technically yes. Okay Okay. So you know that it's kind of like an alternative to, well, yeah, an alternative workflow to NPM. Yeah, and in Python, it's pip or pipX. And in Ruby, it's gem. See? All the learning. I think it will fix her its hex, though I could be wrong. Yeah, anyways, it is hex. Oh, nice
Okay. So you know that it's kind of like an alternative to, well, yeah, an alternative workflow to NPM. Yeah, and in Python, it's pip or pipX. And in Ruby, it's gem. See? All the learning. I think it will fix her its hex, though I could be wrong. Yeah, anyways, it is hex. Oh, nice Oh, nice. And then rest this cargo. Okay, I'm done. So, um, so yeah, what we can do is define here how GitPod should set up
Oh, nice. And then rest this cargo. Okay, I'm done. So, um, so yeah, what we can do is define here how GitPod should set up And then I think that all it took was going to get pod and saying, hey, can you, you know, giving it access through like one of the GitHub apps or something like that, right? So basically you let GitPod, you know, you connect it to your repository. That's just a few clicks of a button
And then I think that all it took was going to get pod and saying, hey, can you, you know, giving it access through like one of the GitHub apps or something like that, right? So basically you let GitPod, you know, you connect it to your repository. That's just a few clicks of a button And then we added that button to our readme, which I think is just linking. It's specifically to GitPod. So that one you go, click that button. It opens up to GitPod and it knows what repository you're part of
And then we added that button to our readme, which I think is just linking. It's specifically to GitPod. So that one you go, click that button. It opens up to GitPod and it knows what repository you're part of It grabs the data and the files from that repository to set it up in the local code editor. And it runs the commands that you've given it in that, um, gitpod.namo file. Okay. That kind of made sense, but I'm going to go with it. Awesome
It grabs the data and the files from that repository to set it up in the local code editor. And it runs the commands that you've given it in that, um, gitpod.namo file. Okay. That kind of made sense, but I'm going to go with it. Awesome Awesome. Let's, uh, in that case, um, I don't know Taylor, how shall we, how shall we proceed? I've been talking for a while. I don't want to dominate. I think we can, uh, we can start, um, maybe by, by diving into the, the issue
Awesome. Let's, uh, in that case, um, I don't know Taylor, how shall we, how shall we proceed? I've been talking for a while. I don't want to dominate. I think we can, uh, we can start, um, maybe by, by diving into the, the issue And what we like to do, Jen, is we like to, uh, create the, uh, the branch that we're going to be working on. And then go ahead and open an in progress pull requests just right away
And what we like to do, Jen, is we like to, uh, create the, uh, the branch that we're going to be working on. And then go ahead and open an in progress pull requests just right away Um, and that's designed to make sure that people like, you know, aren't just going off and working on stuff by themselves. But, you know, people can show their work as they're working towards an issue and we can see it
Um, and that's designed to make sure that people like, you know, aren't just going off and working on stuff by themselves. But, you know, people can show their work as they're working towards an issue and we can see it And, and, you know, get, get other folks involved, right? Um, so if you go open a new tab in your browser and go back to the, uh, git hub.com slash distribute aids slash distribute aid.org. Oh, wow. That was, uh, as magic right there. I put Mark, bookmarked it. Cool. Very cool
And, and, you know, get, get other folks involved, right? Um, so if you go open a new tab in your browser and go back to the, uh, git hub.com slash distribute aids slash distribute aid.org. Oh, wow. That was, uh, as magic right there. I put Mark, bookmarked it. Cool. Very cool Cool. Very cool. Um, and so we'll go to issues and I think it was five, twenty three. It should be the first one right there. Um, yeah, we can see the issue number is five hundred and twenty three. Mm hmm. Exactly
Cool. Very cool. Um, and so we'll go to issues and I think it was five, twenty three. It should be the first one right there. Um, yeah, we can see the issue number is five hundred and twenty three. Mm hmm. Exactly Mm hmm. Exactly. So what we want to do is on the git pod, um, we want to check out like create a new branch and git, um, related to this issue. And check it out and then push it right away. Um, so on the bottom right, you can go to git pod, uh, task two. That's our, a little bit above right there
Mm hmm. Exactly. So what we want to do is on the git pod, um, we want to check out like create a new branch and git, um, related to this issue. And check it out and then push it right away. Um, so on the bottom right, you can go to git pod, uh, task two. That's our, a little bit above right there Perfect. Yep. And so if you click on that, that's our terminal. So here, have you used Git on the command line before? Yeah. You're doing, okay. Perfect. Um, so we can create a new branch, uh, here off of saga
Perfect. Yep. And so if you click on that, that's our terminal. So here, have you used Git on the command line before? Yeah. You're doing, okay. Perfect. Um, so we can create a new branch, uh, here off of saga Soga is the name of our our main branch, just kind of that Viking storytelling sort of word. And so that's what we do remind me because like I've done it, but not enough to like remember all the steps. One hundred percent. So we're going to run git space checkout space dash B
Soga is the name of our our main branch, just kind of that Viking storytelling sort of word. And so that's what we do remind me because like I've done it, but not enough to like remember all the steps. One hundred percent. So we're going to run git space checkout space dash B That'll tell it to do a new branch. And then we're going to want to name the branch after that. So it's at another space. Um, we don't really have solid naming conventions, but what, Ramona and I went to do is, um, indicate that this is a feature branch
That'll tell it to do a new branch. And then we're going to want to name the branch after that. So it's at another space. Um, we don't really have solid naming conventions, but what, Ramona and I went to do is, um, indicate that this is a feature branch So we'll type in feet, Feat, Feat, and then do slash and then put the, the issue number there. So that would be five, twenty three. Yeah, dash slash, it's all, it's all the same. Um, and then add another dash or slash and kind of describe what we're doing
So we'll type in feet, Feat, Feat, and then do slash and then put the, the issue number there. So that would be five, twenty three. Yeah, dash slash, it's all, it's all the same. Um, and then add another dash or slash and kind of describe what we're doing Um, and we're, we're essentially creating, um, like ways to get generic content on a page. Uh, this is always the hardest part for me, Ramona. What, what's really, I actually have an idea. Uh, how about page dash template? Yeah, there we go. So that's going to be our new branch. Mm-hmm
Um, and we're, we're essentially creating, um, like ways to get generic content on a page. Uh, this is always the hardest part for me, Ramona. What, what's really, I actually have an idea. Uh, how about page dash template? Yeah, there we go. So that's going to be our new branch. Mm-hmm Mm-hmm. And so what that'll do is it'll create a new branch and it'll check it out at the same time. You'll now be in that branch. We're creating the template, right? Yes. Okay, so I added creation. Love it. Yep. All right, and then enter. I'm guessing. Yep. No, on that one. Yay. Perfect
Mm-hmm. And so what that'll do is it'll create a new branch and it'll check it out at the same time. You'll now be in that branch. We're creating the template, right? Yes. Okay, so I added creation. Love it. Yep. All right, and then enter. I'm guessing. Yep. No, on that one. Yay. Perfect Yay. Perfect. There you go. So now go for it, Ramona. Sorry, I was just going to say, so even though we've checked out this branch, it's only locally in our Git pod. It's not pushed to GitHub yet. Okay. Back to you, Taylor. Yep. So the next step is to push it to GitHub
Yay. Perfect. There you go. So now go for it, Ramona. Sorry, I was just going to say, so even though we've checked out this branch, it's only locally in our Git pod. It's not pushed to GitHub yet. Okay. Back to you, Taylor. Yep. So the next step is to push it to GitHub And this is especially true on Git pod. You don't want to leave work that you've committed even, but you haven't pushed back up on Git pod. Because this instance will go away. It's running on some virtual machine in the cloud
And this is especially true on Git pod. You don't want to leave work that you've committed even, but you haven't pushed back up on Git pod. Because this instance will go away. It's running on some virtual machine in the cloud And you know, 30 minutes after we're done with it, that virtual machine's going to get deleted to make space for someone else's Git pod. So if you run, I never forget the right command to push a new branch, but the nice thing is we don't have to
And you know, 30 minutes after we're done with it, that virtual machine's going to get deleted to make space for someone else's Git pod. So if you run, I never forget the right command to push a new branch, but the nice thing is we don't have to If you just run Git push, it'll tell us what that command is when you have a new branch. There we go. So it's like, there's no upstream. There's nothing on GitHub for this branch. We basically need to say, hey, push it to this location. That's what it's telling us to do
If you just run Git push, it'll tell us what that command is when you have a new branch. There we go. So it's like, there's no upstream. There's nothing on GitHub for this branch. We basically need to say, hey, push it to this location. That's what it's telling us to do So you can type out a copy and paste that Git push set upstream origin, and then the name of the branch
So you can type out a copy and paste that Git push set upstream origin, and then the name of the branch And you know, usually, usually I'll be the first one to say like, oh, you know, it's a good idea to type something out instead of copy-pacing it, but something like this totally fine to copy-paste. Okay. So we've got an error
And you know, usually, usually I'll be the first one to say like, oh, you know, it's a good idea to type something out instead of copy-pacing it, but something like this totally fine to copy-paste. Okay. So we've got an error It's not accessible with the current tech and police grant the necessary permissions. Now, Taylor, you said that you invited Gen to be here. Oh, Gen, I invited you. You need to accept the unlight. There we go. So either your emails, you'll get a lot of it
It's not accessible with the current tech and police grant the necessary permissions. Now, Taylor, you said that you invited Gen to be here. Oh, Gen, I invited you. You need to accept the unlight. There we go. So either your emails, you'll get a lot of it Yeah, or maybe on GitHub if there's a notification or something like that. Yeah. I had a notification earlier. Maybe. So I'm checking. I invited the right Gen. It is. It is teach Gen tech, right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I think that maybe I invited the wrong Gen. My first name, last name? Yeah
Yeah, or maybe on GitHub if there's a notification or something like that. Yeah. I had a notification earlier. Maybe. So I'm checking. I invited the right Gen. It is. It is teach Gen tech, right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I think that maybe I invited the wrong Gen. My first name, last name? Yeah That's not the wrong Gen. That's just a Gen that I don't have access to. Oh, okay. And then there's Gen with multiple ends in my last name. And I don't know how I created that one, but I need to merge them. Oh, okay. I'll be reading this real quick
That's not the wrong Gen. That's just a Gen that I don't have access to. Oh, okay. And then there's Gen with multiple ends in my last name. And I don't know how I created that one, but I need to merge them. Oh, okay. I'll be reading this real quick I do wonder if it is possible to merge GitHub accounts. It would be nice. Yeah. But I did, I did many, like I have two GitHub accounts myself. I created one as a gag many years ago. To it was called evil Ramon. And it was for a presentation I used to do on teaching Git to beginners
I do wonder if it is possible to merge GitHub accounts. It would be nice. Yeah. But I did, I did many, like I have two GitHub accounts myself. I created one as a gag many years ago. To it was called evil Ramon. And it was for a presentation I used to do on teaching Git to beginners And I would sort of go like this is when I had short hair. And I would go off stage and I would put on a wig. And I would come out and be and sort of mess up the Git history. Just to like, it was a way to demonstrate how Git works. Yeah, yeah, it totally makes sense. It was cool
And I would sort of go like this is when I had short hair. And I would go off stage and I would put on a wig. And I would come out and be and sort of mess up the Git history. Just to like, it was a way to demonstrate how Git works. Yeah, yeah, it totally makes sense. It was cool It was cool. I think I still have that wig. It's like a big, rowdy gig wig. Anyway, it doesn't believe that you have an evil side. I should know better that by now that I do have one. I would say don't we all technically we just may not know about it. Be in tune with it. There we go. There we go
It was cool. I think I still have that wig. It's like a big, rowdy gig wig. Anyway, it doesn't believe that you have an evil side. I should know better that by now that I do have one. I would say don't we all technically we just may not know about it. Be in tune with it. There we go. There we go There we go. So you're invited now, Jen. And I totally agree we all have an evil side. I like using my powers of email to have evil to bully companies into giving me tons and tons of stuff for it. It's like, you know, we do nice things all day
There we go. So you're invited now, Jen. And I totally agree we all have an evil side. I like using my powers of email to have evil to bully companies into giving me tons and tons of stuff for it. It's like, you know, we do nice things all day And I'm like, no, actually you can afford to give us here this print product, right? Instead of throwing it away. To make a right. And I also do agree that I like to use the power of email as well. Because I don't like using email very often. So it's, you know, I waited out
And I'm like, no, actually you can afford to give us here this print product, right? Instead of throwing it away. To make a right. And I also do agree that I like to use the power of email as well. Because I don't like using email very often. So it's, you know, I waited out Okay, let me see if I have any emails. So now you invited teach gen tech, right? Teach gen tech. Yeah. Perfect. That should get you an email notification saying like, you know, you're invited to join on this organization. So you'll accept it and then they'll ask you for a step for accepting it
Okay, let me see if I have any emails. So now you invited teach gen tech, right? Teach gen tech. Yeah. Perfect. That should get you an email notification saying like, you know, you're invited to join on this organization. So you'll accept it and then they'll ask you for a step for accepting it And then you'll be able to push that branch. Once I set up my two factor off education. Very important. What kind of, what kind of non-managnesium life on screen? Sorry
And then you'll be able to push that branch. Once I set up my two factor off education. Very important. What kind of, what kind of non-managnesium life on screen? Sorry What? What is that five digit code they just sent you? No, I was going to ask like, what method do you have? Because I'm just no curious. But like, really, we shouldn't be asking that. I actually asked companies to send me a letter in the mail to authenticate. Yeah. Okay. Are you interested? Okay
What? What is that five digit code they just sent you? No, I was going to ask like, what method do you have? Because I'm just no curious. But like, really, we shouldn't be asking that. I actually asked companies to send me a letter in the mail to authenticate. Yeah. Okay. Are you interested? Okay Done. Okay. I believe I can now back you. I guess a very realistic look at contributing to open source. Everyone thinks you're like, you know, some open source, rock star, something like, no, it's mostly just figuring out how GitHub's Y changes, you know, broke your flow or something. Absolutely
Done. Okay. I believe I can now back you. I guess a very realistic look at contributing to open source. Everyone thinks you're like, you know, some open source, rock star, something like, no, it's mostly just figuring out how GitHub's Y changes, you know, broke your flow or something. Absolutely Absolutely. I'm really pleased. Sorry. See if I can just click up. That should be working now. Let me double check that it's coming through on my end. I'll do the same. Still says you're pending, Jen. So I think you set up your two factor off
Absolutely. I'm really pleased. Sorry. See if I can just click up. That should be working now. Let me double check that it's coming through on my end. I'll do the same. Still says you're pending, Jen. So I think you set up your two factor off Would you accept the invitation to distribute it after that? Well, it says, distribute, join, distribute it and then to join, uh, I will do it again. I already had two factors on it. Whatever. Okay. Okay. You just, uh, now it's working. Now it looks like you're beyond there
Would you accept the invitation to distribute it after that? Well, it says, distribute, join, distribute it and then to join, uh, I will do it again. I already had two factors on it. Whatever. Okay. Okay. You just, uh, now it's working. Now it looks like you're beyond there So I think we're absolutely right. It was like, no, you have to go back and do it. It didn't tell me that, but whatever. No. Okay. They're different this time. Could you try again, Jen, please? Yes. Okay. An operation requires additional permissions. Let's go and open access control. Good spot
So I think we're absolutely right. It was like, no, you have to go back and do it. It didn't tell me that, but whatever. No. Okay. They're different this time. Could you try again, Jen, please? Yes. Okay. An operation requires additional permissions. Let's go and open access control. Good spot Good spot. Because it could be that now that you have access to it, you see where it says get providers. If you go there and click on, no, we're not doing get lab. We're doing get hub on the dot, dot, dot there. Edit permissions. And now we can go public
Good spot. Because it could be that now that you have access to it, you see where it says get providers. If you go there and click on, no, we're not doing get lab. We're doing get hub on the dot, dot, dot there. Edit permissions. And now we can go public Public repo so it can write code to public repositories. Nice. Then get hubs going to be like, are you sure you want to do this? And you would be like, yes, I do. Sweet. So now we go back and try again. Hey. There we go. There we go
Public repo so it can write code to public repositories. Nice. Then get hubs going to be like, are you sure you want to do this? And you would be like, yes, I do. Sweet. So now we go back and try again. Hey. There we go. There we go There we go. Let's go take a look at your new branch on get hub and set up a work and progress full request from under do you have anything? I'm going to cut off there. No, no, you're good. I was going to suggest the same. Awesome. There we go. No, no, no, no, no
There we go. Let's go take a look at your new branch on get hub and set up a work and progress full request from under do you have anything? I'm going to cut off there. No, no, you're good. I was going to suggest the same. Awesome. There we go. No, no, no, no, no No, no, no, no, no. This is only three page template creation. This is cool. No. Yeah, all I did was over here, you can see your six branches. Yeah, that's super handy. And then this is my branch. And you said you want to me to create a new full request? Yep, just right off the bat right there
No, no, no, no, no. This is only three page template creation. This is cool. No. Yeah, all I did was over here, you can see your six branches. Yeah, that's super handy. And then this is my branch. And you said you want to me to create a new full request? Yep, just right off the bat right there And what we'll do is we'll market as a work and progress pull request. And so that's really cool because it means you're sharing your code. People can see what you're working on, right? But they know that it's work and progress. You're going to be adding to it. So I think it's set up
And what we'll do is we'll market as a work and progress pull request. And so that's really cool because it means you're sharing your code. People can see what you're working on, right? But they know that it's work and progress. You're going to be adding to it. So I think it's set up Do we need to have some sort of diff before we do this? We'll need a bit of a diff. Yeah. Why don't we start with being straightforward and add Gen to the contributors list? Perfect. Perfect. That's an easy starting point. So go ahead, Taylor. Yeah, I was wrong
Do we need to have some sort of diff before we do this? We'll need a bit of a diff. Yeah. Why don't we start with being straightforward and add Gen to the contributors list? Perfect. Perfect. That's an easy starting point. So go ahead, Taylor. Yeah, I was wrong Yeah, I was wrong. So we can't like, since we just branched off our main branch and there's no changes yet, GitHub's like, you can't make a kind of essentially an empty or an all pull request here. So if you could go back to the GitPogGen, we're going to just have a really quick first commit here
Yeah, I was wrong. So we can't like, since we just branched off our main branch and there's no changes yet, GitHub's like, you can't make a kind of essentially an empty or an all pull request here. So if you could go back to the GitPogGen, we're going to just have a really quick first commit here If you scroll down to contributors.md, this is something we ask everyone who contributes to distribute aid to add their name to. So this is our way of making sure that people are abiding by our code of conduct and just kind of generally respect the space
If you scroll down to contributors.md, this is something we ask everyone who contributes to distribute aid to add their name to. So this is our way of making sure that people are abiding by our code of conduct and just kind of generally respect the space It also has a copyright transfer provision because we want the work to be able to handle any licensing issues or anything like that
It also has a copyright transfer provision because we want the work to be able to handle any licensing issues or anything like that So all the code's open source, it's actually a really good open source license called the AGPL, which really prevents companies from like taking our lovely non-profit open source code and using it like privately without sharing that. It kind of requires everyone to share their code back here
So all the code's open source, it's actually a really good open source license called the AGPL, which really prevents companies from like taking our lovely non-profit open source code and using it like privately without sharing that. It kind of requires everyone to share their code back here And we're good stewards of it. But by adding your name here, you agree to our code of conduct and you're happy to the signed copy right to any code you contribute to distribute aid to your organization
And we're good stewards of it. But by adding your name here, you agree to our code of conduct and you're happy to the signed copy right to any code you contribute to distribute aid to your organization So do I have to save it here? Sorry, like I understood what you were saying, but then I was like, wait, do I save this? Like I'd have to save VS code. And that was a yes. Still save it? Yeah, I think you just save the file like normal
So do I have to save it here? Sorry, like I understood what you were saying, but then I was like, wait, do I save this? Like I'd have to save VS code. And that was a yes. Still save it? Yeah, I think you just save the file like normal I do want to point out if I may, Jen, you're missing a space after before you're the J in your name. Oh, thank you. And then we, even though you've saved this, you still need to make a commit. Mm-hmm. Okay
I do want to point out if I may, Jen, you're missing a space after before you're the J in your name. Oh, thank you. And then we, even though you've saved this, you still need to make a commit. Mm-hmm. Okay Mm-hmm. Okay. And do we want to do this in the terminal or do we want to use VS code, spilt in, get stuff? What do you feel more comfortable in? I feel like I should do it in terminal to get used to it. Yeah, I love it
Mm-hmm. Okay. And do we want to do this in the terminal or do we want to use VS code, spilt in, get stuff? What do you feel more comfortable in? I feel like I should do it in terminal to get used to it. Yeah, I love it Yeah, I love it. Which is so if I do the same thing I did earlier without having to remember what it is, it's if you get pushed. Well, not quite. We still need to create that commit. Oh, okay
Yeah, I love it. Which is so if I do the same thing I did earlier without having to remember what it is, it's if you get pushed. Well, not quite. We still need to create that commit. Oh, okay Oh, okay. Is it good? So, the commits is like, that's your safe point in a video game or something like that, right? Yeah. So it's like, this is that checkpoint right there. Yeah, I think it's get space commit, space, and we don't really do super long commit messages
Oh, okay. Is it good? So, the commits is like, that's your safe point in a video game or something like that, right? Yeah. So it's like, this is that checkpoint right there. Yeah, I think it's get space commit, space, and we don't really do super long commit messages But if you do a dash M and then go for it. You're missing, don't forget the ad. Oh, I, yeah. Let's see. Commit add or get add commit. The there's no commit yet. So delete the commit. We should really start with a get status, right? Get status is a good starting point. Yeah. Get status
But if you do a dash M and then go for it. You're missing, don't forget the ad. Oh, I, yeah. Let's see. Commit add or get add commit. The there's no commit yet. So delete the commit. We should really start with a get status, right? Get status is a good starting point. Yeah. Get status Yeah. Get status. So those are the files that we've changed. Now we're going to be adding the file contributors.md to be committed. No. So get add space and then type capital C and then tab and that'll auto-complete it for you. Yeah
Yeah. Get status. So those are the files that we've changed. Now we're going to be adding the file contributors.md to be committed. No. So get add space and then type capital C and then tab and that'll auto-complete it for you. Yeah Yeah. And then do I have to do a dash M or anything for this one or just enter? No, just enter. Okay. And now I can go to get contribute. Wait, get commit. Get commit. Yep. Dash M and then you'll want to have an open quote and let's take a minute to think about our commit message here
Yeah. And then do I have to do a dash M or anything for this one or just enter? No, just enter. Okay. And now I can go to get contribute. Wait, get commit. Get commit. Yep. Dash M and then you'll want to have an open quote and let's take a minute to think about our commit message here So for the commit messages, there's this thing called conventional commits, which is pretty cool. And then the audience you can, yep, there we go. Vermont will get the link. The idea is that we don't need, you know, the ad character title and multiple paragraphs explaining what's going on
So for the commit messages, there's this thing called conventional commits, which is pretty cool. And then the audience you can, yep, there we go. Vermont will get the link. The idea is that we don't need, you know, the ad character title and multiple paragraphs explaining what's going on We do want to leave a nice trail of red comments for people to follow. So conventional commits is a style of making these commit messages, which is consistent, you know, regardless of who's contributing. So we're going to start off by what would this is not quite a feature of it
We do want to leave a nice trail of red comments for people to follow. So conventional commits is a style of making these commit messages, which is consistent, you know, regardless of who's contributing. So we're going to start off by what would this is not quite a feature of it Would this be appropriate for like the the chore label? It was kind of like documentation. Docs. Yeah. There we go. So if you type docs and then a colon and then say what you did and that's all. Yep. So perfect. That's great. And then let's end that quote there. And that's it
Would this be appropriate for like the the chore label? It was kind of like documentation. Docs. Yeah. There we go. So if you type docs and then a colon and then say what you did and that's all. Yep. So perfect. That's great. And then let's end that quote there. And that's it And that's it. So get commit and then bash them is the shortcut to just write a commit message directly in the command one there. If you, yep, nice. There we go. Okay. What happened there is we have some kind of commit hooks. So we're actually running some automated, what's it called? Like code
And that's it. So get commit and then bash them is the shortcut to just write a commit message directly in the command one there. If you, yep, nice. There we go. Okay. What happened there is we have some kind of commit hooks. So we're actually running some automated, what's it called? Like code It's not code-winting, but it like does the code formatting and some checks and stuff like that. And so yeah, it just kind of cleans everything up each commit, which means you don't have to worry so much
It's not code-winting, but it like does the code formatting and some checks and stuff like that. And so yeah, it just kind of cleans everything up each commit, which means you don't have to worry so much If like things aren't quite aligned when you're typing the code, you know, if you prefer to like write your functions all online or spread them out on 20 different lines or whatever. It kind of has we have this standard code format or which runs at the end
If like things aren't quite aligned when you're typing the code, you know, if you prefer to like write your functions all online or spread them out on 20 different lines or whatever. It kind of has we have this standard code format or which runs at the end So you can just focus on getting that code done. And then it'll, when it goes and you commit it, it'll kind of like put it in a standard style. So Jen, I noticed your, I think you went back to GitHub. We still need to push our commit. I know. Do I do. So is it get push now? You get push, yeah. No
So you can just focus on getting that code done. And then it'll, when it goes and you commit it, it'll kind of like put it in a standard style. So Jen, I noticed your, I think you went back to GitHub. We still need to push our commit. I know. Do I do. So is it get push now? You get push, yeah. No No. There we go. We'll want it. You first commit to DA, Jen. Welcome aboard. Yay. I still don't feel like I'm starting to understand this, but I don't fully understand this. But now I can actually do a new pull request. Yep, that's right. Exactly
No. There we go. We'll want it. You first commit to DA, Jen. Welcome aboard. Yay. I still don't feel like I'm starting to understand this, but I don't fully understand this. But now I can actually do a new pull request. Yep, that's right. Exactly Exactly. Do you all know one commit ahead? One commit behind saga. Yeah. So you're going to do it. One commit ahead. One commit behind saga. Interesting. Let's click on a new pull request. Yeah. Hey. I don't know what you're doing there. And then create pull request, right? Not quite
Exactly. Do you all know one commit ahead? One commit behind saga. Yeah. So you're going to do it. One commit ahead. One commit behind saga. Interesting. Let's click on a new pull request. Yeah. Hey. I don't know what you're doing there. And then create pull request, right? Not quite We do want to, sorry. Go ahead. Go ahead. The title of our pull request currently says, agree to be a contributor, which is technically correct so far. But for the overarching overarching, I'm sorry, I'm going to go with overarching actually
We do want to, sorry. Go ahead. Go ahead. The title of our pull request currently says, agree to be a contributor, which is technically correct so far. But for the overarching overarching, I'm sorry, I'm going to go with overarching actually The overarching goal of this pull request is to create that page template. So I would go with instead of docs, create, agree to be a contributor. Let's call this pull request, create page template. You're going to move the docs part two. Perfect. Oh, yes
The overarching goal of this pull request is to create that page template. So I would go with instead of docs, create, agree to be a contributor. Let's call this pull request, create page template. You're going to move the docs part two. Perfect. Oh, yes Perfect. Oh, yes. Where do we make it into a draft? I can't remember for people to do that. Maybe you have an arrow there. Create draft pull request. There we go. Thank you, Jen. And then would it be smart to put the issue information here? Yeah, I think that's a great call
Perfect. Oh, yes. Where do we make it into a draft? I can't remember for people to do that. Maybe you have an arrow there. Create draft pull request. There we go. Thank you, Jen. And then would it be smart to put the issue information here? Yeah, I think that's a great call You know, you honestly like relates to. And I think you do the. 523 or whatever kind of. You know the magic. Um, it was where yeah. I love this feature of GitHub. That it automatically makes a link when you publish it. And cool. Yeah, I think we're going to do a draft. Yeah, exactly
You know, you honestly like relates to. And I think you do the. 523 or whatever kind of. You know the magic. Um, it was where yeah. I love this feature of GitHub. That it automatically makes a link when you publish it. And cool. Yeah, I think we're going to do a draft. Yeah, exactly Yeah, exactly. So now at this point what we've done your code environment setup. You're say, hey, I want to work on this issue. Get assigned cool like your in charge. And now you have this space, you know, like showing your progress as you make commits and contribute. To this pull request
Yeah, exactly. So now at this point what we've done your code environment setup. You're say, hey, I want to work on this issue. Get assigned cool like your in charge. And now you have this space, you know, like showing your progress as you make commits and contribute. To this pull request And that's really cool because it lets you like ask for help on the way. You know, hey, can I get a second pair of eyes, right? You don't have to wait until everything's on and then do the big pull request review and then get it merged. You may well, I'm kind of stuck on this point
And that's really cool because it lets you like ask for help on the way. You know, hey, can I get a second pair of eyes, right? You don't have to wait until everything's on and then do the big pull request review and then get it merged. You may well, I'm kind of stuck on this point Let me push what I have up and it will be visible on GitHub and tag and tailor tag and rem up. Right. Yeah
Let me push what I have up and it will be visible on GitHub and tag and tailor tag and rem up. Right. Yeah Right. Yeah. I don't think at this point we need to add any labels or, you know, the reviewers is just kind of like with, you know, saying who wants to work on an issue, remote and I and other folks that they're like, oh, who wants to like review this pull request. So we'll kind of jump in there
Right. Yeah. I don't think at this point we need to add any labels or, you know, the reviewers is just kind of like with, you know, saying who wants to work on an issue, remote and I and other folks that they're like, oh, who wants to like review this pull request. So we'll kind of jump in there You know, when we have time, one of us will pick it up. Yeah, I don't think there's too much more on the set upside here. Maybe we should take a look at the code C map real quick. That's in the issue. And that'll kind of show us where we're going to be working in our code base
You know, when we have time, one of us will pick it up. Yeah, I don't think there's too much more on the set upside here. Maybe we should take a look at the code C map real quick. That's in the issue. And that'll kind of show us where we're going to be working in our code base So if you go back to the issue. Ron and I are big fans of code C also full disclosure, the sponsor are stream and our work at DA, well on the death, but we use their tools because they're very useful. And so what I've done here is added a link kind of below the intro bit
So if you go back to the issue. Ron and I are big fans of code C also full disclosure, the sponsor are stream and our work at DA, well on the death, but we use their tools because they're very useful. And so what I've done here is added a link kind of below the intro bit And so, code C is this great code base mapping software. We have highlighted some of the different files or folders or just like the right parts of the code base to look in. That way, you know, I mean, a landing site like this, we have lots of different things going on
And so, code C is this great code base mapping software. We have highlighted some of the different files or folders or just like the right parts of the code base to look in. That way, you know, I mean, a landing site like this, we have lots of different things going on You don't need to know 90% of the code base to contribute to a lot of these open source projects, right? So helping folks jump in and find out what's relevant to the issue they're working on is super important. And this is how we do that
You don't need to know 90% of the code base to contribute to a lot of these open source projects, right? So helping folks jump in and find out what's relevant to the issue they're working on is super important. And this is how we do that And then I set up a little tour to kind of like walk us through like, let's take a look at some of these files and then some of those files and, you know, as we refactor and kind of refine the pull requests, how it might take shape. The name of the game years on boarding. Sorry
And then I set up a little tour to kind of like walk us through like, let's take a look at some of these files and then some of those files and, you know, as we refactor and kind of refine the pull requests, how it might take shape. The name of the game years on boarding. Sorry Sorry. I was just going to say like this, your words make sense
Sorry. I was just going to say like this, your words make sense What they mean, not there yet, but I think that's like the cool part that I've really learned, especially since like Ramon was first on the show is it's like, it may not make sense right now, but doing it like a few times, maybe in a week or two, nine times that it'll make sense
What they mean, not there yet, but I think that's like the cool part that I've really learned, especially since like Ramon was first on the show is it's like, it may not make sense right now, but doing it like a few times, maybe in a week or two, nine times that it'll make sense You're going to be kind of learning, right? Sorry. No, no, you're totally right. No, what I was going to say was like, you know, a lot of these concepts, you're going to keep coming back to you're like, Oh, yeah, I've done a commit before I kind of went like this, right? Yeah
You're going to be kind of learning, right? Sorry. No, no, you're totally right. No, what I was going to say was like, you know, a lot of these concepts, you're going to keep coming back to you're like, Oh, yeah, I've done a commit before I kind of went like this, right? Yeah That's that's the learning. Exactly. Exactly. And I totally space doing my read me. Damn it. At least these are recorded so I can go back and watch it to create my read me for myself. Okay. So what do I do from you? Yeah. So this is a code team app with a tour
That's that's the learning. Exactly. Exactly. And I totally space doing my read me. Damn it. At least these are recorded so I can go back and watch it to create my read me for myself. Okay. So what do I do from you? Yeah. So this is a code team app with a tour And I've hidden a lot of like the, you know, settings and configuration files and folders that you don't really need to worry about. And this is, you know, basically the files and folders that are relevant to what we're working on
And I've hidden a lot of like the, you know, settings and configuration files and folders that you don't really need to worry about. And this is, you know, basically the files and folders that are relevant to what we're working on It's like what you see in that sidebar on the VS code editor or kind of to get a file system view, but it's laid out and you can see this map and how those files relate to each other. We have a little tour. So if you want to click the number one bit right there
It's like what you see in that sidebar on the VS code editor or kind of to get a file system view, but it's laid out and you can see this map and how those files relate to each other. We have a little tour. So if you want to click the number one bit right there So that was kind of the first thing we're planning on doing today. You might need to drag. Maybe you need to use the hand. There we go. There we go. Nice. Yep. So number one, review key docs and add Gen to the contributors. Empty already went through it. Yeah. Yeah
So that was kind of the first thing we're planning on doing today. You might need to drag. Maybe you need to use the hand. There we go. There we go. Nice. Yep. So number one, review key docs and add Gen to the contributors. Empty already went through it. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Next up what we're working on now. Create a generic page with hard coded content, style it, possibly wrap it in a layout. Right. So we just want to say cool
Yeah. Yeah. Next up what we're working on now. Create a generic page with hard coded content, style it, possibly wrap it in a layout. Right. So we just want to say cool Like what types of content are we're going to see on it about us page or a guide page or, you know, some of these kind of one off pages. I have some of that ready so we can go ahead and make a new page in Gatsby in react. Do some tail in styling, you know, kind of figure out how this works
Like what types of content are we're going to see on it about us page or a guide page or, you know, some of these kind of one off pages. I have some of that ready so we can go ahead and make a new page in Gatsby in react. Do some tail in styling, you know, kind of figure out how this works And then we can kind of walk it backwards and make it more of a template as we refactor it. I really like the style, especially for folks who are learning how to code because it makes it real. You don't have to do all of this abstract stuff to get to the real part of the end
And then we can kind of walk it backwards and make it more of a template as we refactor it. I really like the style, especially for folks who are learning how to code because it makes it real. You don't have to do all of this abstract stuff to get to the real part of the end Start with the real part. Put, you know, HTML and content on the page and then refine it and refactor it, make it more generic and abstracts, you know, as you, as you go
Start with the real part. Put, you know, HTML and content on the page and then refine it and refactor it, make it more generic and abstracts, you know, as you, as you go I am like noticing that it took us like an hour to get all that set up because it is like asking so many questions that we don't always know that will ask like it's. Yeah, like because I just looked up and I was like, it's been an hour already. What happened with time? Where to go time, time flew
I am like noticing that it took us like an hour to get all that set up because it is like asking so many questions that we don't always know that will ask like it's. Yeah, like because I just looked up and I was like, it's been an hour already. What happened with time? Where to go time, time flew Yeah. Happened to me having fun. I want to say like something funny about like time codes or something like that. But I'm like, it's not coming to me. I just really wanted it to be funny. It didn't work. It's okay. Moving on
Yeah. Happened to me having fun. I want to say like something funny about like time codes or something like that. But I'm like, it's not coming to me. I just really wanted it to be funny. It didn't work. It's okay. Moving on Moving on. I need a creative generic page with hard-coded content, style it and wrap it possibly wrap it with a layout. Okay, then I guess I don't need this get pod. I need this get pod. There we go. And I don't know where I'm going from here. That's okay. That's what the code scene apples for
Moving on. I need a creative generic page with hard-coded content, style it and wrap it possibly wrap it with a layout. Okay, then I guess I don't need this get pod. I need this get pod. There we go. And I don't know where I'm going from here. That's okay. That's what the code scene apples for Okay. So let me zoom in on this. So we can see the full files. So you see Jen next to where at the near the top there's an end tour button. Yeah. And then I can click it under pages. So before pages there's SRC. Okay
Okay. So let me zoom in on this. So we can see the full files. So you see Jen next to where at the near the top there's an end tour button. Yeah. And then I can click it under pages. So before pages there's SRC. Okay Okay. So all of these would be I'm just wanting to compare them side by side really quick. Because I think that's also something that can be hard with these visualizations. If I'm not looking at them in the same format. So go away. And then we'll do these. All right. So like can you move legend
Okay. So all of these would be I'm just wanting to compare them side by side really quick. Because I think that's also something that can be hard with these visualizations. If I'm not looking at them in the same format. So go away. And then we'll do these. All right. So like can you move legend Hi legend. Could you now now you won't move for me. Thanks. No, it's for code C. Yeah. Even if they could just like minimize it like this one minimize that would be nice. Okay. So the we have of course the like full file with all like the files in it. But the read me's here
Hi legend. Could you now now you won't move for me. Thanks. No, it's for code C. Yeah. Even if they could just like minimize it like this one minimize that would be nice. Okay. So the we have of course the like full file with all like the files in it. But the read me's here Code of conduct is here. So this is showing that all of those are outside just in the primary folder. Exactly. So the root folder. Yeah. Okay. And then. So this one I like this because it's showing that it's in SRC. And then eventually we'll go into pages, which is in our SRC layouts. Sweet
Code of conduct is here. So this is showing that all of those are outside just in the primary folder. Exactly. So the root folder. Yeah. Okay. And then. So this one I like this because it's showing that it's in SRC. And then eventually we'll go into pages, which is in our SRC layouts. Sweet Sweet. We're here. We're going to expand it here again. And oh, that's also very difficult to see. Just kidding. I don't know. I'm going to do this. Maybe that. I don't know. Yeah. Let me change things and I didn't want to change. No, go. I just. There we go. Okay. There we go. Thanks
Sweet. We're here. We're going to expand it here again. And oh, that's also very difficult to see. Just kidding. I don't know. I'm going to do this. Maybe that. I don't know. Yeah. Let me change things and I didn't want to change. No, go. I just. There we go. Okay. There we go. Thanks Thanks. So it tells me what's in this folder. I feel like I'm not seeing like what I would edit in this folder. No, but I think that's perfect. We want to add a new page to this folder. Essentially. Right. Just give ourselves some working space. So that's what I was trying to show you
Thanks. So it tells me what's in this folder. I feel like I'm not seeing like what I would edit in this folder. No, but I think that's perfect. We want to add a new page to this folder. Essentially. Right. Just give ourselves some working space. So that's what I was trying to show you It's like here's the SRC folder. And then here's pages. That's a relevant thing. Let's go. Let's go look at that together. But just so you're not looking through all the other dozen folders like that speed or content or things like that. Yeah. Okay. So. New. New document. Yeah. Yeah
It's like here's the SRC folder. And then here's pages. That's a relevant thing. Let's go. Let's go look at that together. But just so you're not looking through all the other dozen folders like that speed or content or things like that. Yeah. Okay. So. New. New document. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. If you open the pages folder there and let's add a new file to it. And just get a hello world going on our page. What are we naming? Why don't we call this. Page. Yeah. Page page. We could call it tech. Let's do tech at distributed
Yeah. Yeah. If you open the pages folder there and let's add a new file to it. And just get a hello world going on our page. What are we naming? Why don't we call this. Page. Yeah. Page page. We could call it tech. Let's do tech at distributed So like, you know, our dash tech or something dot T S X. T S X. Yeah. It's like JSX, which is the kind of react naming thing but with TypeScript. So we have. We've made it. We made it. We're here. Now I don't know what I'm doing. That's perfect
So like, you know, our dash tech or something dot T S X. T S X. Yeah. It's like JSX, which is the kind of react naming thing but with TypeScript. So we have. We've made it. We made it. We're here. Now I don't know what I'm doing. That's perfect That's perfect. I think a good starting place might be to do a little bit of copy based modify or at least look at. You know, some of these other one off pages. And that'll show us the sort of like the imports we might need. And that's what we're going to do. And that's what we're going to do
That's perfect. I think a good starting place might be to do a little bit of copy based modify or at least look at. You know, some of these other one off pages. And that'll show us the sort of like the imports we might need. And that's what we're going to do. And that's what we're going to do You know, start start with it's already there. Maybe. The only reason why I'm going back here is thinking like it might be easier to visualize. What page two copy and modify. Because in my mind, I don't think all the template pages would necessarily need the world. Even though it looks so good
You know, start start with it's already there. Maybe. The only reason why I'm going back here is thinking like it might be easier to visualize. What page two copy and modify. Because in my mind, I don't think all the template pages would necessarily need the world. Even though it looks so good That's what we're going to be. We're putting live on our last stream. Well, I do have a request for this of can there be arrows? Like where it's because like this this one right here. Just look solid. So I don't know like that. Like if they're moving or whatnot, like that kind of thing
That's what we're going to be. We're putting live on our last stream. Well, I do have a request for this of can there be arrows? Like where it's because like this this one right here. Just look solid. So I don't know like that. Like if they're moving or whatnot, like that kind of thing And if you add an issue, let's do it. I will put arrows on it. Or something like that. Okay. Make sure I am in the right folder. So. I'm going to go refill my water real quick. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. Yeah
And if you add an issue, let's do it. I will put arrows on it. Or something like that. Okay. Make sure I am in the right folder. So. I'm going to go refill my water real quick. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. Yeah Yeah. So let's go to issues and then you can click on new issue. So a couple things. First off, we need a title. What do you think? Uh. Landing page glow. That's not like that is the area that has an issue, but it's not the issue itself. I would say for example, um, make globe arrow make globe
Yeah. So let's go to issues and then you can click on new issue. So a couple things. First off, we need a title. What do you think? Uh. Landing page glow. That's not like that is the area that has an issue, but it's not the issue itself. I would say for example, um, make globe arrow make globe What do they call arcs clearer? Could we do add arrows to arcs on glue? Absolutely. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one
What do they call arcs clearer? Could we do add arrows to arcs on glue? Absolutely. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one But yeah, it's always like whatever I'm writing an issue, I always ask myself like, what? What, what is it that needs to be done? Are you going to take a screenshot? I was. Fantastic. Absolutely do. Oh, what is this? Uh, it is maggots. I don't know if you'll be able to see my snagot screen
But yeah, it's always like whatever I'm writing an issue, I always ask myself like, what? What, what is it that needs to be done? Are you going to take a screenshot? I was. Fantastic. Absolutely do. Oh, what is this? Uh, it is maggots. I don't know if you'll be able to see my snagot screen There we go. Very fancy. And then I can do you like. E these things. Nice. I don't know if it will do it, but a lot of times I can copy and paste it. So I'm curious. Oh, what's up loading? No, it didn't work. No, it did. It did. So yeah, if you want to see a video. Ha, ha
There we go. Very fancy. And then I can do you like. E these things. Nice. I don't know if it will do it, but a lot of times I can copy and paste it. So I'm curious. Oh, what's up loading? No, it didn't work. No, it did. It did. So yeah, if you want to see a video. Ha, ha Ha, ha. However, let's go back to right. We have an issue. And I tell him what it is. Well, no, we have an issue in our image. Uh, you see we've got the, the, the, the, the, the bang, the exclamation mark. And then in square brackets, we've got the alt text
Ha, ha. However, let's go back to right. We have an issue. And I tell him what it is. Well, no, we have an issue in our image. Uh, you see we've got the, the, the, the, the, the bang, the exclamation mark. And then in square brackets, we've got the alt text You know what the alt text is? Yes, make it accessible for everyone. Yeah, so this, so it's saying image isn't very accessible. Uh, So what are we, what are we describing here? Well, with arcs showing distribute a this shipments. Thank you. I'm sorry
You know what the alt text is? Yes, make it accessible for everyone. Yeah, so this, so it's saying image isn't very accessible. Uh, So what are we, what are we describing here? Well, with arcs showing distribute a this shipments. Thank you. I'm sorry I'm sorry. Could it be it, could it be it should be arches? Yeah. But arches sounds like a church. I don't know. I'm not very knowledgeable. I clicked it and went to its own thing
I'm sorry. Could it be it, could it be it should be arches? Yeah. But arches sounds like a church. I don't know. I'm not very knowledgeable. I clicked it and went to its own thing But is there a way? What is it you want to do? Uh, just to see if the, it sends it opened up over here to see if it would show the alt text. Yeah, if you go back to GitHub. And then go on preview and then right click on the image and then go on inspect
But is there a way? What is it you want to do? Uh, just to see if the, it sends it opened up over here to see if it would show the alt text. Yeah, if you go back to GitHub. And then go on preview and then right click on the image and then go on inspect So the grumpy mb is saying arrows, but like they're not arrows yet. That's a problem. And good call. Yes, marketers love snagged
So the grumpy mb is saying arrows, but like they're not arrows yet. That's a problem. And good call. Yes, marketers love snagged It's true, but I actually learned it from the CTO of some company because he was trying to teach me about SDKs way back in the day because I was in charge of like making this website work with zoom. And he is the one that taught me that snagged. It was everybody
It's true, but I actually learned it from the CTO of some company because he was trying to teach me about SDKs way back in the day because I was in charge of like making this website work with zoom. And he is the one that taught me that snagged. It was everybody It was everybody. What up? What up? I was able to still hear you in a remote. How do you hear the word arches and think church instead of McDonald's? Why? It's like golden arches. Is that not a thing? That's a thing, right, Jen? So I honestly did not realize that we're golden arches
It was everybody. What up? What up? I was able to still hear you in a remote. How do you hear the word arches and think church instead of McDonald's? Why? It's like golden arches. Is that not a thing? That's a thing, right, Jen? So I honestly did not realize that we're golden arches So the M of McDonald's are two golden arches. Other than the only reason that I know they are golden arches instead of just an M is in Sedona, Arizona. It is the only arches that are teal and not yellow. Because they needed to match everything around. So it's kind of like FedEx
So the M of McDonald's are two golden arches. Other than the only reason that I know they are golden arches instead of just an M is in Sedona, Arizona. It is the only arches that are teal and not yellow. Because they needed to match everything around. So it's kind of like FedEx Have you ever seen between the E and the X that there's the arrow? I have never heard of the golden arches. Yeah. That's not a thing in Europe, I guess. You're I come to the States sometimes. It's not. I don't know. Chile either. Yeah, like it's I don't I don't know if it's necessarily a thing
Have you ever seen between the E and the X that there's the arrow? I have never heard of the golden arches. Yeah. That's not a thing in Europe, I guess. You're I come to the States sometimes. It's not. I don't know. Chile either. Yeah, like it's I don't I don't know if it's necessarily a thing I don't think it's just calling we talked about anymore. Yeah, probably not. I didn't learn until I was like 28. I don't know. But fun fact. You can buy beer at McDonald's in Serbia. It was very expensive. I can't see it on the menu. Really? Is that just your favorite? Yeah, no, it's your favorite
I don't think it's just calling we talked about anymore. Yeah, probably not. I didn't learn until I was like 28. I don't know. But fun fact. You can buy beer at McDonald's in Serbia. It was very expensive. I can't see it on the menu. Really? Is that just your favorite? Yeah, no, it's your favorite It definitely doesn't happen in U.S. McDonald's. Does it happen in Germany because I remember going to one of the clubs there and then very drunkingly eating McNuggets. But I don't remember if there was beer there too. It was a Munich. Sounds pretty close to here. Yeah, it was. It was. It was
It definitely doesn't happen in U.S. McDonald's. Does it happen in Germany because I remember going to one of the clubs there and then very drunkingly eating McNuggets. But I don't remember if there was beer there too. It was a Munich. Sounds pretty close to here. Yeah, it was. It was. It was It was. It was. But not good idea for anybody that wants to go party or do anything. Eat more than sushi before you go drink a lot. Some pastas and pizza, you know. But I'm going to create this issue. This issue and I are going to get along. Yeah, let's go ahead and close the DevTools. Yay
It was. It was. But not good idea for anybody that wants to go party or do anything. Eat more than sushi before you go drink a lot. Some pastas and pizza, you know. But I'm going to create this issue. This issue and I are going to get along. Yeah, let's go ahead and close the DevTools. Yay Yay. Kai, one day we will all meet up and get some sushi. So if I can talk, some sushi, I think that is. It's so weird having like internet friends because it's like, oh, I'm getting to know them really well. I've never met them in person
Yay. Kai, one day we will all meet up and get some sushi. So if I can talk, some sushi, I think that is. It's so weird having like internet friends because it's like, oh, I'm getting to know them really well. I've never met them in person Wait until you play the game of when you meet them in person and you realize they're not the height you pictured in your head. This is 100% true. Also I'm going to start playing Dungeons and Dragons on Friday nights. Fun
Wait until you play the game of when you meet them in person and you realize they're not the height you pictured in your head. This is 100% true. Also I'm going to start playing Dungeons and Dragons on Friday nights. Fun Fun. And I'm just like, it's so fun to be able to nerd out more with the internet world. I don't know why I'm like so behind the times on this. But we are going to say, please. I'm going to go to the arrow to point to where the shipment is starting and ending. I love it. Yeah, it's great
Fun. And I'm just like, it's so fun to be able to nerd out more with the internet world. I don't know why I'm like so behind the times on this. But we are going to say, please. I'm going to go to the arrow to point to where the shipment is starting and ending. I love it. Yeah, it's great Yeah, it's great. And I got to say to the audience, like there's so many ways you can contribute to open source that don't involve writing code
Yeah, it's great. And I got to say to the audience, like there's so many ways you can contribute to open source that don't involve writing code Like one of the biggest challenges for Monday night, maintaining this landing site project for Distribute Abe is just making sure that there are fresh issues for folks to pick up and work on. So things like, if you see it, say it
Like one of the biggest challenges for Monday night, maintaining this landing site project for Distribute Abe is just making sure that there are fresh issues for folks to pick up and work on. So things like, if you see it, say it If there's something we can prove on, submitting an issue like this is a great way to make a very real contribution and get that ball roll towards getting the issue resolved. Reviewing code
If there's something we can prove on, submitting an issue like this is a great way to make a very real contribution and get that ball roll towards getting the issue resolved. Reviewing code Reviewing code. You don't have to write the code, but pick up a PR, do a review, give people some feedback, learn together with them. And of course, I got to give a shout out to my admin and ops team who do a whole lot of data formatting and getting the information that we need to work on
Reviewing code. You don't have to write the code, but pick up a PR, do a review, give people some feedback, learn together with them. And of course, I got to give a shout out to my admin and ops team who do a whole lot of data formatting and getting the information that we need to work on Pretty visualizations like that globe. So I think when people think of open source, I think of GitHub, they think of writing code. And really working with her mom, we've had a lot of conversations about the million other things you can do to contribute to open source projects
Pretty visualizations like that globe. So I think when people think of open source, I think of GitHub, they think of writing code. And really working with her mom, we've had a lot of conversations about the million other things you can do to contribute to open source projects You know, that don't require opening a code out here. With, thank you for that. And would you put in like where it is in the folders normally or you just let whoever is going to work on the issue for you that out? I think that that doesn't hurt. But I also don't think it's our requirements
You know, that don't require opening a code out here. With, thank you for that. And would you put in like where it is in the folders normally or you just let whoever is going to work on the issue for you that out? I think that that doesn't hurt. But I also don't think it's our requirements That's something that Raman and I do like our next step in this process would be to review the issue you submitted and go add in supporting stuff like those code, say maps to make it easier for people to pick up and get started with. So I'd say get it in there
That's something that Raman and I do like our next step in this process would be to review the issue you submitted and go add in supporting stuff like those code, say maps to make it easier for people to pick up and get started with. So I'd say get it in there And we can kind of collaboratively build out the issue together. Yeah. Enhancement. Yeah. Is it a good first issue? I'm going to say, probably, because it gets in the 3D kind of visualization. But we can't say help on it though
And we can kind of collaboratively build out the issue together. Yeah. Enhancement. Yeah. Is it a good first issue? I'm going to say, probably, because it gets in the 3D kind of visualization. But we can't say help on it though So it can not necessarily be a good first issue, but anyone could pick it up if you feel like a challenge or if you feel confident with your 3D kind of library sort of skills
So it can not necessarily be a good first issue, but anyone could pick it up if you feel like a challenge or if you feel confident with your 3D kind of library sort of skills And I'm guessing the only reason I can see these is because I was put as a dev for it, not like somebody that just came in probably wouldn't. Exactly. Yeah, I think that's usually if someone just submits an issue that Raman and I will go label it and stuff like that. Sweet. Yay
And I'm guessing the only reason I can see these is because I was put as a dev for it, not like somebody that just came in probably wouldn't. Exactly. Yeah, I think that's usually if someone just submits an issue that Raman and I will go label it and stuff like that. Sweet. Yay Sweet. Yay. I created issue 527. Too bad it was 528. It would be my birthday. I mean, you could make another issue right now. But it would be in like US way, not everywhere else. It's still so confusing talking to the rest of the world with dates. All right
Sweet. Yay. I created issue 527. Too bad it was 528. It would be my birthday. I mean, you could make another issue right now. But it would be in like US way, not everywhere else. It's still so confusing talking to the rest of the world with dates. All right All right. So just as a pause really quick before we move forward because I feel like we did that. And are we stopping at half past or 45 past? Because we haven't we started a lot, but yet didn't start a lot. I mean, this is this is an on first off, this is an ongoing thing. Yes
All right. So just as a pause really quick before we move forward because I feel like we did that. And are we stopping at half past or 45 past? Because we haven't we started a lot, but yet didn't start a lot. I mean, this is this is an on first off, this is an ongoing thing. Yes Yes. We can we can go as far as needed and then we can we can keep that going from there. Second of all, we did start a lot, but we also did finish quite a lot. Like we created a new branch. We made a new we added you as a contributor. We did a lot. No. Lastly, Jen, you're the boss
Yes. We can we can go as far as needed and then we can we can keep that going from there. Second of all, we did start a lot, but we also did finish quite a lot. Like we created a new branch. We made a new we added you as a contributor. We did a lot. No. Lastly, Jen, you're the boss This is your stream. We're happy to hang out until you tell us it's time to go home. I mean, that is fair. I feel like at this point, it's I want to if we break this up more, I'm going to get kind of confused without being able to finish this portion of it
This is your stream. We're happy to hang out until you tell us it's time to go home. I mean, that is fair. I feel like at this point, it's I want to if we break this up more, I'm going to get kind of confused without being able to finish this portion of it And I ask a lot of in between questions that help with the overall like concept, but doesn't help get the actual task at hand done, but we'll make it faster in the future. So on that note, I vote that we pause here
And I ask a lot of in between questions that help with the overall like concept, but doesn't help get the actual task at hand done, but we'll make it faster in the future. So on that note, I vote that we pause here I'm going to actually not save this file just because I would love to start up with having to start this file. Yep. No, it seems like a really great stopping point. Like cool, we're all set up ready to go. You're you're a dev. You've kind of figured it out around the code base
I'm going to actually not save this file just because I would love to start up with having to start this file. Yep. No, it seems like a really great stopping point. Like cool, we're all set up ready to go. You're you're a dev. You've kind of figured it out around the code base You know, you know, what good part is now. And you know, we can jump into this. We grew doing like a flex box layout there, switch to grid. No, this is this great stopping point. Yeah, but I really want to echo what Ruma said
You know, you know, what good part is now. And you know, we can jump into this. We grew doing like a flex box layout there, switch to grid. No, this is this great stopping point. Yeah, but I really want to echo what Ruma said Like we've done a lot on this stream to get you going contributing to DA. And you have me that first commit. You have your first issue. You have that work in progress PR. And you know, it's open source like we're doing this for fun in our free time after working stuff
Like we've done a lot on this stream to get you going contributing to DA. And you have me that first commit. You have your first issue. You have that work in progress PR. And you know, it's open source like we're doing this for fun in our free time after working stuff So like totally fine to pause, put it down, hang out, chat, and then pick it back up the next time, right? I'm just going to say like if you guys want to guess on your so next week, I'm totally down to go. Please don't please. I love this. I love this. This is the this is the the collab
So like totally fine to pause, put it down, hang out, chat, and then pick it back up the next time, right? I'm just going to say like if you guys want to guess on your so next week, I'm totally down to go. Please don't please. I love this. I love this. This is the this is the the collab This is the crossover episode. We come into the next season now you're crossing over on our show. This is great. Yeah. Also, also because you said we started all out. We didn't finish a lot. I would argue gently that we did accomplish something which was to onboard you onto the code base
This is the crossover episode. We come into the next season now you're crossing over on our show. This is great. Yeah. Also, also because you said we started all out. We didn't finish a lot. I would argue gently that we did accomplish something which was to onboard you onto the code base This was a successful. Well, I hope successful onboarding. I concur. I would say that I need to work on that in general of just because an overall task hasn't been done. Doesn't mean that there weren't wins. So thank you, Ramon and Taylor for calling that out
This was a successful. Well, I hope successful onboarding. I concur. I would say that I need to work on that in general of just because an overall task hasn't been done. Doesn't mean that there weren't wins. So thank you, Ramon and Taylor for calling that out Now are you guys on the same time zone then? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm out with our European team in Delray for three months, July, August, September and then I'll go back to Pittsburgh. So next month or so, I'll be I'll be if I'm on the same time zone. Yeah
Now are you guys on the same time zone then? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm out with our European team in Delray for three months, July, August, September and then I'll go back to Pittsburgh. So next month or so, I'll be I'll be if I'm on the same time zone. Yeah Yeah. When I was saying that I was on back to back calls, it's because in my my 8 am call was with a lot of people in London. And then Kay and I got to hang out a bit at nine and then we started hearts early. So I was like, I'm not mentally like keeping up
Yeah. When I was saying that I was on back to back calls, it's because in my my 8 am call was with a lot of people in London. And then Kay and I got to hang out a bit at nine and then we started hearts early. So I was like, I'm not mentally like keeping up I feel like I mean to take time to decongest. There's always so much learning and it's so fun. Now I do have this question for the two of you because tech is encoding. There's always something to learn
I feel like I mean to take time to decongest. There's always so much learning and it's so fun. Now I do have this question for the two of you because tech is encoding. There's always something to learn How do you keep up with the learning and being open to learning more? I'd love to jump in if I may. So the question is, the question is like, how do you keep up with learning when there's so much learning to do? Is that? Yes
How do you keep up with the learning and being open to learning more? I'd love to jump in if I may. So the question is, the question is like, how do you keep up with learning when there's so much learning to do? Is that? Yes And being open to it because like, for example, with the Python one, it was me comparing so much of what I learned with JavaScript to compare it to Python, which I know is a natural way of learning. We compare it to things we already know yet that isn't always remote
And being open to it because like, for example, with the Python one, it was me comparing so much of what I learned with JavaScript to compare it to Python, which I know is a natural way of learning. We compare it to things we already know yet that isn't always remote I'm pretty sure you're the one who told me that's not the best way to when you let go of comparing it to something. Yeah. I am
I'm pretty sure you're the one who told me that's not the best way to when you let go of comparing it to something. Yeah. I am I have a I have thoughts on this because it's something that comes up a lot with like early stage developers, emerging developers, which is that sort of pressure to be like, oh, should I learn? How much JavaScript should I learn before I learn React? Can I skip HTML and CSS before I go into React
I have a I have thoughts on this because it's something that comes up a lot with like early stage developers, emerging developers, which is that sort of pressure to be like, oh, should I learn? How much JavaScript should I learn before I learn React? Can I skip HTML and CSS before I go into React Can I go just skip everything and go straight into machine learning with Python and stuff like this? What I argue to them is like, what I tell them is like, hey, I know I can write C
Can I go just skip everything and go straight into machine learning with Python and stuff like this? What I argue to them is like, what I tell them is like, hey, I know I can write C I can, if you give me like a week, I can handle some assembly, but I couldn't possibly look at a processing unit and understand how these additions work. There's always going to be a deeper level down and I think that applies to most of the stages of tech
I can, if you give me like a week, I can handle some assembly, but I couldn't possibly look at a processing unit and understand how these additions work. There's always going to be a deeper level down and I think that applies to most of the stages of tech Be it, for example, understanding React, but not having any idea what it is that React is doing to manipulate your JavaScript. Ooh, okay
Be it, for example, understanding React, but not having any idea what it is that React is doing to manipulate your JavaScript. Ooh, okay Ooh, okay. There are concepts, and I think the thing that comes with experiences that these concepts do transfer the concept of an array of a list of a, there's probably another name for this sort of data structure
Ooh, okay. There are concepts, and I think the thing that comes with experiences that these concepts do transfer the concept of an array of a list of a, there's probably another name for this sort of data structure Even the package manager earlier, right? We were using Yarn and Jen has experience with NPM and what's the Python one again, Jen? PIP. PIP, there we go. There we go
Even the package manager earlier, right? We were using Yarn and Jen has experience with NPM and what's the Python one again, Jen? PIP. PIP, there we go. There we go There we go. We have three or four more hours and so it's like, you have the concept of what a package manager is and we can include other libraries and frameworks and it gets downloaded for us to our repo and we're good to go. Right
There we go. We have three or four more hours and so it's like, you have the concept of what a package manager is and we can include other libraries and frameworks and it gets downloaded for us to our repo and we're good to go. Right Right. And so now that you have that concept down, picking up a new package manager in a different language, it's going to be kind of the same thing. There might be some configuration details to figure out some documentation to read, but you understand that
Right. And so now that you have that concept down, picking up a new package manager in a different language, it's going to be kind of the same thing. There might be some configuration details to figure out some documentation to read, but you understand that Just like how, you know, as you get the concept of a functional programming down that applies to react where, you know, it's, it's using this sort of like run the function, take the output code, shove it into the web page, right
Just like how, you know, as you get the concept of a functional programming down that applies to react where, you know, it's, it's using this sort of like run the function, take the output code, shove it into the web page, right There's all sorts of like purely functional programming, like which is out there like elixir
There's all sorts of like purely functional programming, like which is out there like elixir And so it's like, I think that as you learn like the specifics, that never changes. I'm always looking up documentation
And so it's like, I think that as you learn like the specifics, that never changes. I'm always looking up documentation I'm always forgetting the stuff I've already learned, right? Because it's been six months since I touched it or something, you know, and so you'll get better and quicker at, you know, how do I solve the simple question or where do I find the docs or something like how do I investigate this
I'm always forgetting the stuff I've already learned, right? Because it's been six months since I touched it or something, you know, and so you'll get better and quicker at, you know, how do I solve the simple question or where do I find the docs or something like how do I investigate this But you'll start to snowball these concepts like remote was talking about and then you see something that's in parallel
But you'll start to snowball these concepts like remote was talking about and then you see something that's in parallel You don't necessarily need to like compare it, but you have that underlying understanding of it. So when you pick something new up, it's quicker. Right. Sorry to cut you off there, Ramon. I just saw the package manager like, no, that's a great example of the concept. It is. And that's it
You don't necessarily need to like compare it, but you have that underlying understanding of it. So when you pick something new up, it's quicker. Right. Sorry to cut you off there, Ramon. I just saw the package manager like, no, that's a great example of the concept. It is. And that's it And that's it. I think it's it's drawing those parallels that that and you know, I've I've accepted that in my career, there are going to be things that I don't fully understand
And that's it. I think it's it's drawing those parallels that that and you know, I've I've accepted that in my career, there are going to be things that I don't fully understand Like, like how to do 3D graphics programming and like, you know, like, you know, drawing, like doing, you know, it wasn't until I tried out 3D graphics programming that I didn't appreciate the, the vector algebra that school was trying to teach me. Stuff like this
Like, like how to do 3D graphics programming and like, you know, like, you know, drawing, like doing, you know, it wasn't until I tried out 3D graphics programming that I didn't appreciate the, the vector algebra that school was trying to teach me. Stuff like this Stuff like this. I've come to accept that I can, I can sort of wrap my head around it certain parts, but there are, there are, there are things that are, I'm either going to forget like Taylor Crackley said, I couldn't tell you right off you. Jen and I did a stream of you
Stuff like this. I've come to accept that I can, I can sort of wrap my head around it certain parts, but there are, there are, there are things that are, I'm either going to forget like Taylor Crackley said, I couldn't tell you right off you. Jen and I did a stream of you Gosh, was it a few months ago or at least a month ago? It's been a while. At least a month ago. So Jen and I did a stream at least a month ago on how to make an express JS server. Here's the thing. I didn't know how to do that by heart
Gosh, was it a few months ago or at least a month ago? It's been a while. At least a month ago. So Jen and I did a stream at least a month ago on how to make an express JS server. Here's the thing. I didn't know how to do that by heart If we were to, if you were to sit me down right now and say, Ramon, no documentation, let's rewrite it. I couldn't. I couldn't. No. And that's okay. Jen, I think that's okay. If I, you know, Google engineers, still Google programming questions, they still ask stuff on Stack Overflow
If we were to, if you were to sit me down right now and say, Ramon, no documentation, let's rewrite it. I couldn't. I couldn't. No. And that's okay. Jen, I think that's okay. If I, you know, Google engineers, still Google programming questions, they still ask stuff on Stack Overflow You know, they just like happen to know a quick and efficient way of approaching that
You know, they just like happen to know a quick and efficient way of approaching that And I think that's kind of the transition you make is like right now everything's new to you, right? So it might not feel like you're making a lot of progress, but just like today was like, oh, we did this and then we did that
And I think that's kind of the transition you make is like right now everything's new to you, right? So it might not feel like you're making a lot of progress, but just like today was like, oh, we did this and then we did that You know, it's like once you actually figure it out because you're trying to learn about everything once. What ends up happening a bit later on is like you have a solid base that you're comfortable with
You know, it's like once you actually figure it out because you're trying to learn about everything once. What ends up happening a bit later on is like you have a solid base that you're comfortable with You might still have some text questions or, you know, look at the documentation for you library, but you know, you kind of get it, right? And so then the amount of stuff you're trying to learn at the same time is a much smaller slice, right
You might still have some text questions or, you know, look at the documentation for you library, but you know, you kind of get it, right? And so then the amount of stuff you're trying to learn at the same time is a much smaller slice, right And so, you know, right now it's like it's all new and it feels like we didn't get a lot of time, but actually did in the future
And so, you know, right now it's like it's all new and it feels like we didn't get a lot of time, but actually did in the future It's going to be like, oh, cool. I'm making like lots of study progress. And then I need to use a new library or something and let me go, you know, focus on that bit of learning for half an hour or something. Cool. Got it. Move on. Yeah. I think that makes a lot of sense
It's going to be like, oh, cool. I'm making like lots of study progress. And then I need to use a new library or something and let me go, you know, focus on that bit of learning for half an hour or something. Cool. Got it. Move on. Yeah. I think that makes a lot of sense And thank you both for sharing that. And also breaking things down for newbies. It's the type of thing that I've been until earlier this weekend. This is I was telling Ramon and I think I was telling both of you this actually that I'm really excited because I'm been afraid of GitHub. Yeah
And thank you both for sharing that. And also breaking things down for newbies. It's the type of thing that I've been until earlier this weekend. This is I was telling Ramon and I think I was telling both of you this actually that I'm really excited because I'm been afraid of GitHub. Yeah Yeah. And like how to submit all of this, even though I've been shown a few times, it wasn't until I actually did it for a functional project that I was like, oh, okay. Like, and it's really helpful to start learning this and also seeing that it doesn't matter how far you get
Yeah. And like how to submit all of this, even though I've been shown a few times, it wasn't until I actually did it for a functional project that I was like, oh, okay. Like, and it's really helpful to start learning this and also seeing that it doesn't matter how far you get The ships can still be confusing. We all have to learn. So thank you both so much for this is, you know, before we end today, could you both mention how people reach out to you and also how to connect or donate or like follow, distribute a please. Totally
The ships can still be confusing. We all have to learn. So thank you both so much for this is, you know, before we end today, could you both mention how people reach out to you and also how to connect or donate or like follow, distribute a please. Totally Totally. So if you all can see my screen, I'm at borderless underscore dev on Twitter. Shoot me a DM and to contribute to distribute it like really like checkout, or GitHub, assign yourself an issue, you know, comment on that or or shoot me a message on Twitter. And we love sitting
Totally. So if you all can see my screen, I'm at borderless underscore dev on Twitter. Shoot me a DM and to contribute to distribute it like really like checkout, or GitHub, assign yourself an issue, you know, comment on that or or shoot me a message on Twitter. And we love sitting I think this is like such a great project, especially for people that are still like, you know, starting their kind of dev journey, right? It's very friendly and welcoming space
I think this is like such a great project, especially for people that are still like, you know, starting their kind of dev journey, right? It's very friendly and welcoming space And it's something cool that you can contribute to, you know, which you can also put on your website, like, you know, or your resume or whatever, right
And it's something cool that you can contribute to, you know, which you can also put on your website, like, you know, or your resume or whatever, right It's like a real thing that does a lot of real world things that you can be like, cool, like I contributed to this project and that helps get more age ship to displaced people around the world, right
It's like a real thing that does a lot of real world things that you can be like, cool, like I contributed to this project and that helps get more age ship to displaced people around the world, right Which is not to say if D is better or worse than other open source projects, but it does have that sort of aspect to it
Which is not to say if D is better or worse than other open source projects, but it does have that sort of aspect to it Yeah, you can follow us at distribute aid. I think on Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, just Google around for it. And then of course, if you want to donate financially, much appreciated. We have an open collective for folks in the US just go to our donate page
Yeah, you can follow us at distribute aid. I think on Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, just Google around for it. And then of course, if you want to donate financially, much appreciated. We have an open collective for folks in the US just go to our donate page $10 a month delivers $10,000 worth of aid by the end of the year, but really no pressure. Like we're super grassroots and any sort of contribution, even just liking and retweeting the stream next week, which Shenzg going to be on is a huge support
$10 a month delivers $10,000 worth of aid by the end of the year, but really no pressure. Like we're super grassroots and any sort of contribution, even just liking and retweeting the stream next week, which Shenzg going to be on is a huge support I may or may not have cheekily put some links in the chat. So you can go check out the open collective and the Twitter for distributed. The photos they post are incredible. Like it is a series of journeys that are, gosh, what's the word overwhelming to follow. It's really magical
I may or may not have cheekily put some links in the chat. So you can go check out the open collective and the Twitter for distributed. The photos they post are incredible. Like it is a series of journeys that are, gosh, what's the word overwhelming to follow. It's really magical So I highly recommend giving them a follow. If you want to get in touch with me, that's my Twitter handle right there. At Olasui Milk, it is a terrible joke. That means hello, I am milk in Spanish. Yeah, that's me. Yeah. And hey, Jen, thank you so much for having both of us on here
So I highly recommend giving them a follow. If you want to get in touch with me, that's my Twitter handle right there. At Olasui Milk, it is a terrible joke. That means hello, I am milk in Spanish. Yeah, that's me. Yeah. And hey, Jen, thank you so much for having both of us on here We've been streaming for a while now and I think it's really cool. I really feel like it's more than just me and Ramon hanging out talking about distributed. So I feel more connected to the larger depth community because he invited us on to your stream. Yay
We've been streaming for a while now and I think it's really cool. I really feel like it's more than just me and Ramon hanging out talking about distributed. So I feel more connected to the larger depth community because he invited us on to your stream. Yay Yay. And I think I can say that on stream, you are our first volunteer contributor. Is that correct Taylor? I think it is. It is. I volunteer contributor. It's the first one that joins in because it's a stream. So thank you. Yay
Yay. And I think I can say that on stream, you are our first volunteer contributor. Is that correct Taylor? I think it is. It is. I volunteer contributor. It's the first one that joins in because it's a stream. So thank you. Yay So thank you. Yay. Well, it's been fun and I look forward to next week and we will get those details hashed out. And yay. Goodbye, everyone. Have a lovely rest of your Thursday for those going to bed. Rest well for those still having your day going. I hope you have an amazing day. Oh, bye
So thank you. Yay. Well, it's been fun and I look forward to next week and we will get those details hashed out. And yay. Goodbye, everyone. Have a lovely rest of your Thursday for those going to bed. Rest well for those still having your day going. I hope you have an amazing day. Oh, bye Oh, bye. Take care.
Oh, bye. Take care.