Hello, hello beautiful humans. Welcome back to Teach Gen Tech and we have a guest coming back Laura is teaching us about Python and I'm not as scared as I was last time which I'm pretty excited about and now Laura can you introduce yourself and kind of give us an idea of your path in what you work on with Python? Yep, yeah so I'm Laura
Laura is teaching us about Python and I'm not as scared as I was last time which I'm pretty excited about and now Laura can you introduce yourself and kind of give us an idea of your path in what you work on with Python? Yep, yeah so I'm Laura I'm a technical writer at Suburital Software Systems and before that I was a math professor. I don't actually work with Python professionally at all. We don't do Python at Suburital. I am learning Go for that for what we do at Suburital
I'm a technical writer at Suburital Software Systems and before that I was a math professor. I don't actually work with Python professionally at all. We don't do Python at Suburital. I am learning Go for that for what we do at Suburital But before I became a technical writer I thought I was going to become a data scientist and so for that I definitely needed to learn the Python and so it was from more of a, there are lots of different things you can do with Python and one of them is data science and another is you can do web apps
But before I became a technical writer I thought I was going to become a data scientist and so for that I definitely needed to learn the Python and so it was from more of a, there are lots of different things you can do with Python and one of them is data science and another is you can do web apps You can deploy web apps with Python through Flask and Django and so on. I don't know anything about that. I know about it from the data science side of things and that is more things besides that you can do with Python but I know about it from the data science
You can deploy web apps with Python through Flask and Django and so on. I don't know anything about that. I know about it from the data science side of things and that is more things besides that you can do with Python but I know about it from the data science I just linked your video in the comments but I'm also going to link another video that I did later that week on why build in JavaScript versus Python and in my head that means why would you choose each one
I just linked your video in the comments but I'm also going to link another video that I did later that week on why build in JavaScript versus Python and in my head that means why would you choose each one What it came out as when Ian came on is he's like I don't know why you would build in JavaScript instead of Python
What it came out as when Ian came on is he's like I don't know why you would build in JavaScript instead of Python I'm like I get that's what I wrote but that's not what I meant. I meant like what do you use each for? Sure. So that video is also going to be commented. There we go
I'm like I get that's what I wrote but that's not what I meant. I meant like what do you use each for? Sure. So that video is also going to be commented. There we go There we go. But it was really insightful seeing how there are other things that we can use Python for and that Python in JavaScript can do a lot of the same things now where in the past it wasn't really as well known as what they could do for my understanding. Okay. Sure
There we go. But it was really insightful seeing how there are other things that we can use Python for and that Python in JavaScript can do a lot of the same things now where in the past it wasn't really as well known as what they could do for my understanding. Okay. Sure Okay. Sure. Which I think is pretty cool but all right. Well I know that last time as a quick recap let me share my screen's old. That's not a word but I'm going to go with it
Okay. Sure. Which I think is pretty cool but all right. Well I know that last time as a quick recap let me share my screen's old. That's not a word but I'm going to go with it What's for me? Started using automate the boring stuff with Python and how do you say I was last name you said it so well last time you were like I got this. I mean I made it up but I think it's swaggered. All right. I did it
What's for me? Started using automate the boring stuff with Python and how do you say I was last name you said it so well last time you were like I got this. I mean I made it up but I think it's swaggered. All right. I did it I did it. So we started through the I'm just kind of quickly scrolling up what up a carry of the first one of just like hey we're going through this what's this book for and then what is programming what is Python
I did it. So we started through the I'm just kind of quickly scrolling up what up a carry of the first one of just like hey we're going through this what's this book for and then what is programming what is Python It says you don't need to do math but we got to part like chapter one and I freaked out because there's a lot of math but we got a math teacher here so I feel like we're be okay and we got two installing Python so I think it's yeah downloading and installing and what up now well and downloading and styling Python I got really stuck on never realizing that NPM was for JavaScript pip is for Python and then y'all in the chat what other programs have their installs like what are their names because like do you know what they use for go Laura
It says you don't need to do math but we got to part like chapter one and I freaked out because there's a lot of math but we got a math teacher here so I feel like we're be okay and we got two installing Python so I think it's yeah downloading and installing and what up now well and downloading and styling Python I got really stuck on never realizing that NPM was for JavaScript pip is for Python and then y'all in the chat what other programs have their installs like what are their names because like do you know what they use for go Laura Actually no I haven't gotten as far as as installing any non-native libraries for for go but for Rust it's cargo and I thought that that was super cute like you're loading cargo you know and like they they there were names I can't remember it's been a couple months but there were names for things and it was like it just totally worked for me the idea of of loading cargo like into a you know truck or on a train or whatever because that's exactly what you're doing you're like picking the thing up and you're putting it in you know what you're working with
Actually no I haven't gotten as far as as installing any non-native libraries for for go but for Rust it's cargo and I thought that that was super cute like you're loading cargo you know and like they they there were names I can't remember it's been a couple months but there were names for things and it was like it just totally worked for me the idea of of loading cargo like into a you know truck or on a train or whatever because that's exactly what you're doing you're like picking the thing up and you're putting it in you know what you're working with Yeah and I Ramon I remember Ramon talking about Rust and cargo and it was I did not realize that those were a thing for all different languages and now that I'm like comprehending that a bit more I'm like okay Python isn't necessarily weird it's the fact that I'm learning my first new language that's right so those were some some revelations from the last one and we went and downloaded and installed me you and we installed idle I know we did I don't remember what idle does but we did install it and okay we're gonna go to the next chapter because that was a lot of text to go through yeah another thing that I did for my own learning process which I think is just a great call out for others is I personally do not read text very well I yes teachers do rule she was a math professor indeed just cool we talked about how algebra last time we talked about how algebra like so many people had to take algebra and call it many many times so including a teacher I'm very grateful for that um so one thing I learned is that I myself do not read very well it's very hard for me to really comprehend it if I read it meaning that when we were going through this last time I'm trying to read it to find the directions and I'm getting lost and embarrassed and a lot of it is because I'm staying so focused on making sure that I read the right line and I'm reading the word that I'm not comprehending what I'm reading so today I got through a lot of this um and uh did my um text to voice on here so that way I could learn uh can I get a head start on like comprehending a lot of what we go over so that way I'm not trying to like hide the fact that I'm reading this uh while we're alive and failing at reading it so I got new going so great and then it looks like it loaded the file that we had depressing f5 now I think this was a part that I was stuck on is we were also using was it idle that we were using that's like um in the browser it's like inspect um I can't remember I don't personally use idle and I can't remember what it is I think it was this yeah yeah yeah the read evaluate print loop I think yeah yeah okay this is where I was getting confused because yeah it's repel that was um we can do in um right in the browser and hey Jay so I would like tag Jay on our on this one for um on LinkedIn because we he does Python and I was watching his stream last week and I was just like I have no idea what's going on but is this anybody else experience this when you watch one of your friends that are live streaming it's like kind of calming because I'm like oh I can do my work too but they're there if something catches my interest and I can ask you a question totally I don't know if that's everyone but that was a cool experience last week okay now into interactive shell we have to hit it run and press a five okay oh so like divided it out we got three windows going well that's kind of fun yeah honestly don't even think we got to this point that's fine I mean sort of we were working in the repel yes um right and repel um from last time we learned that repel is not a Python thing it's an everything thing mm hmm yep and it is this is a repel yeah that's what I want to see it gave the solution down there at the bottom yep it is this is a repel it's not called like I don't think I ever would have known that in the case somebody told me because it's set it's called inspects and it says repel nowhere so um yeah I mean I don't know if this would actually be cold inspect so much as this is how you get to it by clicking inspect oh but I wouldn't say the name's inspect yeah it's name would probably be console interesting interesting all right so we got that far and then expressions and operate okay yeah an error zero okay I know we talked about this uh uh quite a while and then this is where I started going I I just I don't even really understand the first three okay the the next four I'm like hey I actually get that but the first three I'm like as soon as we saw it last time I was like um I think I understand like not modulus remainder like what what I'm guessing that one is what is 8% of 22 no you you would be you would think so because it has that percent symbol but modulus means means remainder so like um so 22 mod 8 that's how you would read that that example um and that means that if you divide eight or if you try to fit eight into 22 um you're going to end up having six bits left over so if you think about like um if you have 22 of a thing 22 pieces of Lego say we got 22 bits of Lego yeah and you want to divide them into groups of eight right so we grab eight of our 22 pieces of Lego we've got one group of eight okay we still have um you know some some leftover we can grab another group of eight we've got two groups of eight now that's 16 but there there isn't enough for another group of eight mm-hmm because there are only six pieces of Lego left that's making sense that totally that totally makes sense instead of turning it into a fraction or a decimal it's just like what is a remainder yeah I like that that one I can that one's easier to comprehend okay the other ones don't make sense to me uh for exponent and integer okay so an exponent um so like if you um like what's two squared four yes okay hey I remember that's exciting so that's an exponent right in that case the exponent was two it's a bad example because um there are two twos like two is the base and two is the exponent but it's the one that people can remember using almost like muscle memory like don't even have to think about it two squared is four and so that's the one I start with but um two cubed is the example here so that means if you multiply two by itself so you've got two times two times two that's three twos mm-hmm two times two is four four times two is eight okay two cubed and the reason that we call it a cube is because it's that's how you get if you multiply three numbers together like if you think of a rectangle it has a length times a width times a height it's three dimensional and what is it it is a cube so that's where the word cube comes from so this would be two cubed three two cubed is eight two cubed is eight yep two so times two times two is eight why do we put the three here um so it's because you're multiplying the two three times if you were multiplying the two 72 times it would be two star star 72 okay so like this one over here that I did is seven start star three so seven cubed yes three three three that's right and so exponents are just shorthand right it's so that especially if you were like if you have an exponent that's bigger than two or three it would start to get really tedious to write them all out yeah okay so I'm starting to decide yeah an exponent is cubed number no cube is an example of an exponent oh so like this one um so if I do like seven star star seven that one's not cubed seven the seventh power yeah oh okay and then is the integer uh kind of like the opposite of modules where eight can go into 22 twice yes you got it do you remember something in math yep all right this is very very exciting yeah yeah so like you got your 22 pieces of Lego right and you want to make put them into groups of eight you can do that two times with six left over so the integer division means what is what is the integer part the whole number part that's two and the modulus is what's the other part the remainder that's six so I'm just saying if you ever want to start a live stream which is like teaching math I especially if you use Legos like big Legos I would I would definitely pay attention yeah yeah I would watch that I would definitely watch that so thank you because I was staring at those and it I shut down last time we were streaming I'm like nope nope nope this is too weird this is too different I can't do it well yeah and that's a total big thing about learning and I love learning live because it's like I get to set my own pace for example but schools doesn't really do that like if I'm going oh my god it's overwhelmed I don't understand not all classes or teachers are set up to be able to break this down or is someone so self-aware to be able to go I don't know where I'm lost so thank you again for doing this I think this is I think I did a lot of these just by getting excited while you were talking understanding it this is definitely where my dyslexia and I did not get along in which now I'm gonna I'm curious if I remember my order of operations so you can do the five minus one which would be four and then you would do your seven plus one which is eight and your three minus one is two and then you would do eight divided by two is three and four times three is sixty wait wait no I'm doing it out loud you do the division first after doing the three minus one because it's these parentheses the big parentheses um um oh sorry yes you are totally right and I was just like staring at them you are totally right I'm sorry cool but that also means that I'm learning something and somewhat paid attention to math class right they're nested parentheses yeah oh that's what they're called all right yeah I will say tossing just like mitrochka's like the little Russian dolls right yes yeah I like it toy examples for everything in math apparently I think it's a great way of learning it it is all right so if we do like these long ones oh this just shows how it breaks it down compared to like if I were to have to break it down myself like we just talked about exactly it's showing you what you just did what you already knew all right well I'm gonna type this so that way we can see it running um I think this is a good question to ask so I get that we have our uh repel and that one showing us the numbers and then we have our file itself what I'm not getting is why is are these two plus two's not showing up is it because we don't have a print there okay so pre-int but this isn't going to oh it's simpats error I like simpats errors errors are great yep oh so if I knew it be my it's ready oh it just put four so because it's um they're they're living there in those parentheses as integers not as strings so if what you wanted it to do was print the characters two plus two it would have to be if you'd have to tell it this is a string not an of math problem I'm I'm just curious if this is going to work I don't know where my one is so that didn't work so uh it would need me me me me um well we'll get an error and that's totally cool let's let's see what the error is it's probably just going to be the same in valid syntax but um oh and yeah yeah yeah okay so what it doesn't like is that these are not the same these are apples and oranges right we've got this string two plus two and then also actually outside of the print parentheses so print has a command has has parentheses around it the print command so what the computer is reading is it saying okay what you want me to do is print this string two plus two and then after that we've got another two plus two but I don't know what to do with this because it's like attached to the print statement but it's not in the print statement so it's like there's a an orange glued to my apple and I don't know what to do with this yeah if that makes sense yeah so if you take that two plus two in parentheses off the end it'll be happy but then I won't show my two plus two so then you would create another print statement can you do them on the same line yes so that's called string concatenation so like sticking them together you can actually um well okay so what do you let me think what do you okay so this is yeah you would need to put it on on a new line if what you're trying to do is just actually I'm not sure what it's gonna do let's see what it's gonna do oh yeah this wouldn't be um the python-ic way of writing this yeah I think it probably wants um wants it on a new line so python is unlike some um languages like in JavaScript you have to stick semi-colons everywhere to say this is where the and my line ends in python you don't have to do that instead it infers that stuff by putting something on a new line or um white space so it'll actually like indentation is going to matter okay but we'll get there is there a way to put these all on one line yes but they would need to be two strings okay I will ask that later because oh hey I'm just not doing things grammatically correct as it's talking about okay so this is where it starts talking about I believe um um like you can't do you like uh oh because these two I'm I'm really not loud and comprehending into indentation batter as you can do some goofy math from Jay oh Jay you were working on um oh gosh it was a time like date and time oh like cron or I don't know what were you uh working on last week Jay do you remember it was your first live stream not your second one I couldn't check out the second one yeah so um what Jay is is showing here is a print f statement so that's like formatting and so that's sort of like a fancy fancy way to print okay fan stuff I have to like this is probably the one thing I don't like about stream yard is I can't copy and paste from there I have to go to um actually go to twitch and go copy and paste it that's goofy also I don't know how to run other than opening the closing oh um fancy way um he was doing some date and time manipulation yeah yeah it seemed complicated I was just having fun like going to whoa that is even possible that is cool yeah so there are some um projects I think in this book that use that do um dates and times and stuff it's been a little it's been a minute so not totally sure but I think so that reminds me I need to post this in the chat the book we're easy thank you for that reminder all right so we definitely ran into our syntax errors which thank you for helping me go through this because I think that helped conceptualize it a bit more you can also include all of it in a print string a print wait include all of it in an f string there we go see if I can talk uh print of oh I think this is kind of the cool thing about programming is if you know like if you can see how somebody else did it then you can be like oh that's that's what I need them then copy and paste it to try to like learn how to do it yourself yep yep and there are usually multiple ways to do all the things yes and I think that's a really cool part about um you know the author Jay Jay oh neat yeah um owl seems like a super awesome human I feel like we need to get owl on this dream oh that would be so cool yes everybody go follow out mm-hmm yeah and I said this I said this last time that um I ran into a question and DMed him on Twitter and he like wrote back in 20 minutes I think that's like the really cool thing about Twitter and yay thank you Jay um thanks Jay it is the fact that like there's so many people I would have never met if it were not for Twitter and in fact I'm gonna start doing playing playing D&D this week I'm very excited oh I don't know if we're live streaming this week but we'll be live streaming next week I think on Jacobs channel and all once I know when we start I'll start posting it nice this is so fun I have internet friends yay um now yeah and so we've got we've got these data types and these are the same data types that you already know from from JavaScript right we have integers those are like whole numbers but also with zero and negatives okay and floating point numbers more or less we can just map floating point two decimal has decimal do I need to remember what these are all I feel like that's a part of the way I've learned JavaScript is I may know how to use all of these but I never knew that they necessarily how to name um okay so I'm trying to remember so in JavaScript do you have to declare types because I kind of think maybe you do I know I'm declaring a variable and it's gonna be the number five yeah we don't have to do that in Python either Python is dynamically typed and so um it will infer from whatever you give it like if you say x equals five then it'll say ah then x is an integer but in the very next line you can say x equals um gen in quotes and it'll be like oh okay cool because so now x means a different thing and that's because in Python um you everything is a pointer I don't know if you're familiar with pointers no okay um so a pointer literally is exactly what it sounds like it tells you what it says is like okay x points to this place in memory and so it means I stuck this over here x is like a flag saying it's over there and so if you say x is five then it'll say okay it's pointing to this place in memory where it's five and then if you then say x is x equals gen it'll say oh okay now we're going to point to a different place in memory when it says gen or like I've rewritten that place in memory and it says gen um yeah I think I'm starting to get it and Bacari you are on YouTube so not everybody can show this um see this can show this can see this see if I can talk um he like Jay said nope can do it um don't need to do it in JavaScript um but Bacari said only in TypeScript and then um Jay also said that you do it in TypeScript which I am learning later this week I'm a little nervous um you can include types in Python to provide context okay so you don't have to provide types in Python but you can if you want like so if say you've got a function and it's going to return some value you can specify the value that this function returns must be an integer so that you can't accidentally have this function return a string which would make no sense right so you can tell Python this thing must be of this type but you don't have options okay and Jay also added uh or if you know you you're using Python convention that expects you to add a type like data classes like data classes we're just gonna end it there um and also Bacari Jay says hi okay he probably didn't say it like that but yeah I like to paraphrase everybody and you know put a gen spin on the transition I'm really bad at telephone oh yeah oh thank you Jay uh all right so Python programs also have text values called strings or uh stirs stirs what is the difference between a string or a stir they're the same thing nothing it's just that when you are telling Python that something is just like you've probably seen programs where in order to tell the the computer that something is going to be an integer you write int i n t mm-hmm as shorthand for integer in Python str is the shorthand for string so there's no difference got it okay stir is just the shorthand for string and float is the shorthand for floating point numbers so it means exactly what you might want it to mean okay oh goodness all right we're getting into it joins words together yes so when I'm taking from this without like like like grueling over all the text that tells me what it is if you type to strings that are letters then it will like Alice plus Bob equals Alice Bob that makes sense but if you do Alice plus 42 it's just gonna go what does U just do so it's not because they're letters it's because they're both strings if that 42 had quotation marks around it it would be fine okay so let's try that now do I need to do okay okay I think I think I know mm-hmm this 57 break really we need this and we need this and then you need to find a better way to run it but f5 it's happiness so oh we need print that's right print print is it have to have parentheses around it does it oh it does join it mm-hmm because they're both strings so it's not a letters versus numbers situation it's a string versus not string situation got it and oh oh but Cara came back over to twitch and says had Jay again oh my but Jay just jumped to YouTube so they're just Jay got a YouTube dear oh no everybody come to twitch twitch is like where it's at it's a party on to as the heads up and I think that is a great call out I will not be live streaming to uh linkedin starting next week I will only be live streaming to twitch and technically to YouTube but that's only because I don't want to re-upload um to get the word out there I was definitely streaming to every platform but as of Wednesday teach shen tech it's two months old yeah it's birthday it's a spursay so oh yay all right we got Jay and Bakari in the same chatroom yay it's okay that is totally okay Jay that's what I was doing while you were uh live streaming and then I don't know if Noel is still here so if Noel you're still here hello again to you um all right oh you can multiply allises yes okay wait now now I have a more complicated thing that I'm gonna copy wait yes maybe now um yep arey Okay
Yeah and I Ramon I remember Ramon talking about Rust and cargo and it was I did not realize that those were a thing for all different languages and now that I'm like comprehending that a bit more I'm like okay Python isn't necessarily weird it's the fact that I'm learning my first new language that's right so those were some some revelations from the last one and we went and downloaded and installed me you and we installed idle I know we did I don't remember what idle does but we did install it and okay we're gonna go to the next chapter because that was a lot of text to go through yeah another thing that I did for my own learning process which I think is just a great call out for others is I personally do not read text very well I yes teachers do rule she was a math professor indeed just cool we talked about how algebra last time we talked about how algebra like so many people had to take algebra and call it many many times so including a teacher I'm very grateful for that um so one thing I learned is that I myself do not read very well it's very hard for me to really comprehend it if I read it meaning that when we were going through this last time I'm trying to read it to find the directions and I'm getting lost and embarrassed and a lot of it is because I'm staying so focused on making sure that I read the right line and I'm reading the word that I'm not comprehending what I'm reading so today I got through a lot of this um and uh did my um text to voice on here so that way I could learn uh can I get a head start on like comprehending a lot of what we go over so that way I'm not trying to like hide the fact that I'm reading this uh while we're alive and failing at reading it so I got new going so great and then it looks like it loaded the file that we had depressing f5 now I think this was a part that I was stuck on is we were also using was it idle that we were using that's like um in the browser it's like inspect um I can't remember I don't personally use idle and I can't remember what it is I think it was this yeah yeah yeah the read evaluate print loop I think yeah yeah okay this is where I was getting confused because yeah it's repel that was um we can do in um right in the browser and hey Jay so I would like tag Jay on our on this one for um on LinkedIn because we he does Python and I was watching his stream last week and I was just like I have no idea what's going on but is this anybody else experience this when you watch one of your friends that are live streaming it's like kind of calming because I'm like oh I can do my work too but they're there if something catches my interest and I can ask you a question totally I don't know if that's everyone but that was a cool experience last week okay now into interactive shell we have to hit it run and press a five okay oh so like divided it out we got three windows going well that's kind of fun yeah honestly don't even think we got to this point that's fine I mean sort of we were working in the repel yes um right and repel um from last time we learned that repel is not a Python thing it's an everything thing mm hmm yep and it is this is a repel yeah that's what I want to see it gave the solution down there at the bottom yep it is this is a repel it's not called like I don't think I ever would have known that in the case somebody told me because it's set it's called inspects and it says repel nowhere so um yeah I mean I don't know if this would actually be cold inspect so much as this is how you get to it by clicking inspect oh but I wouldn't say the name's inspect yeah it's name would probably be console interesting interesting all right so we got that far and then expressions and operate okay yeah an error zero okay I know we talked about this uh uh quite a while and then this is where I started going I I just I don't even really understand the first three okay the the next four I'm like hey I actually get that but the first three I'm like as soon as we saw it last time I was like um I think I understand like not modulus remainder like what what I'm guessing that one is what is 8% of 22 no you you would be you would think so because it has that percent symbol but modulus means means remainder so like um so 22 mod 8 that's how you would read that that example um and that means that if you divide eight or if you try to fit eight into 22 um you're going to end up having six bits left over so if you think about like um if you have 22 of a thing 22 pieces of Lego say we got 22 bits of Lego yeah and you want to divide them into groups of eight right so we grab eight of our 22 pieces of Lego we've got one group of eight okay we still have um you know some some leftover we can grab another group of eight we've got two groups of eight now that's 16 but there there isn't enough for another group of eight mm-hmm because there are only six pieces of Lego left that's making sense that totally that totally makes sense instead of turning it into a fraction or a decimal it's just like what is a remainder yeah I like that that one I can that one's easier to comprehend okay the other ones don't make sense to me uh for exponent and integer okay so an exponent um so like if you um like what's two squared four yes okay hey I remember that's exciting so that's an exponent right in that case the exponent was two it's a bad example because um there are two twos like two is the base and two is the exponent but it's the one that people can remember using almost like muscle memory like don't even have to think about it two squared is four and so that's the one I start with but um two cubed is the example here so that means if you multiply two by itself so you've got two times two times two that's three twos mm-hmm two times two is four four times two is eight okay two cubed and the reason that we call it a cube is because it's that's how you get if you multiply three numbers together like if you think of a rectangle it has a length times a width times a height it's three dimensional and what is it it is a cube so that's where the word cube comes from so this would be two cubed three two cubed is eight two cubed is eight yep two so times two times two is eight why do we put the three here um so it's because you're multiplying the two three times if you were multiplying the two 72 times it would be two star star 72 okay so like this one over here that I did is seven start star three so seven cubed yes three three three that's right and so exponents are just shorthand right it's so that especially if you were like if you have an exponent that's bigger than two or three it would start to get really tedious to write them all out yeah okay so I'm starting to decide yeah an exponent is cubed number no cube is an example of an exponent oh so like this one um so if I do like seven star star seven that one's not cubed seven the seventh power yeah oh okay and then is the integer uh kind of like the opposite of modules where eight can go into 22 twice yes you got it do you remember something in math yep all right this is very very exciting yeah yeah so like you got your 22 pieces of Lego right and you want to make put them into groups of eight you can do that two times with six left over so the integer division means what is what is the integer part the whole number part that's two and the modulus is what's the other part the remainder that's six so I'm just saying if you ever want to start a live stream which is like teaching math I especially if you use Legos like big Legos I would I would definitely pay attention yeah yeah I would watch that I would definitely watch that so thank you because I was staring at those and it I shut down last time we were streaming I'm like nope nope nope this is too weird this is too different I can't do it well yeah and that's a total big thing about learning and I love learning live because it's like I get to set my own pace for example but schools doesn't really do that like if I'm going oh my god it's overwhelmed I don't understand not all classes or teachers are set up to be able to break this down or is someone so self-aware to be able to go I don't know where I'm lost so thank you again for doing this I think this is I think I did a lot of these just by getting excited while you were talking understanding it this is definitely where my dyslexia and I did not get along in which now I'm gonna I'm curious if I remember my order of operations so you can do the five minus one which would be four and then you would do your seven plus one which is eight and your three minus one is two and then you would do eight divided by two is three and four times three is sixty wait wait no I'm doing it out loud you do the division first after doing the three minus one because it's these parentheses the big parentheses um um oh sorry yes you are totally right and I was just like staring at them you are totally right I'm sorry cool but that also means that I'm learning something and somewhat paid attention to math class right they're nested parentheses yeah oh that's what they're called all right yeah I will say tossing just like mitrochka's like the little Russian dolls right yes yeah I like it toy examples for everything in math apparently I think it's a great way of learning it it is all right so if we do like these long ones oh this just shows how it breaks it down compared to like if I were to have to break it down myself like we just talked about exactly it's showing you what you just did what you already knew all right well I'm gonna type this so that way we can see it running um I think this is a good question to ask so I get that we have our uh repel and that one showing us the numbers and then we have our file itself what I'm not getting is why is are these two plus two's not showing up is it because we don't have a print there okay so pre-int but this isn't going to oh it's simpats error I like simpats errors errors are great yep oh so if I knew it be my it's ready oh it just put four so because it's um they're they're living there in those parentheses as integers not as strings so if what you wanted it to do was print the characters two plus two it would have to be if you'd have to tell it this is a string not an of math problem I'm I'm just curious if this is going to work I don't know where my one is so that didn't work so uh it would need me me me me um well we'll get an error and that's totally cool let's let's see what the error is it's probably just going to be the same in valid syntax but um oh and yeah yeah yeah okay so what it doesn't like is that these are not the same these are apples and oranges right we've got this string two plus two and then also actually outside of the print parentheses so print has a command has has parentheses around it the print command so what the computer is reading is it saying okay what you want me to do is print this string two plus two and then after that we've got another two plus two but I don't know what to do with this because it's like attached to the print statement but it's not in the print statement so it's like there's a an orange glued to my apple and I don't know what to do with this yeah if that makes sense yeah so if you take that two plus two in parentheses off the end it'll be happy but then I won't show my two plus two so then you would create another print statement can you do them on the same line yes so that's called string concatenation so like sticking them together you can actually um well okay so what do you let me think what do you okay so this is yeah you would need to put it on on a new line if what you're trying to do is just actually I'm not sure what it's gonna do let's see what it's gonna do oh yeah this wouldn't be um the python-ic way of writing this yeah I think it probably wants um wants it on a new line so python is unlike some um languages like in JavaScript you have to stick semi-colons everywhere to say this is where the and my line ends in python you don't have to do that instead it infers that stuff by putting something on a new line or um white space so it'll actually like indentation is going to matter okay but we'll get there is there a way to put these all on one line yes but they would need to be two strings okay I will ask that later because oh hey I'm just not doing things grammatically correct as it's talking about okay so this is where it starts talking about I believe um um like you can't do you like uh oh because these two I'm I'm really not loud and comprehending into indentation batter as you can do some goofy math from Jay oh Jay you were working on um oh gosh it was a time like date and time oh like cron or I don't know what were you uh working on last week Jay do you remember it was your first live stream not your second one I couldn't check out the second one yeah so um what Jay is is showing here is a print f statement so that's like formatting and so that's sort of like a fancy fancy way to print okay fan stuff I have to like this is probably the one thing I don't like about stream yard is I can't copy and paste from there I have to go to um actually go to twitch and go copy and paste it that's goofy also I don't know how to run other than opening the closing oh um fancy way um he was doing some date and time manipulation yeah yeah it seemed complicated I was just having fun like going to whoa that is even possible that is cool yeah so there are some um projects I think in this book that use that do um dates and times and stuff it's been a little it's been a minute so not totally sure but I think so that reminds me I need to post this in the chat the book we're easy thank you for that reminder all right so we definitely ran into our syntax errors which thank you for helping me go through this because I think that helped conceptualize it a bit more you can also include all of it in a print string a print wait include all of it in an f string there we go see if I can talk uh print of oh I think this is kind of the cool thing about programming is if you know like if you can see how somebody else did it then you can be like oh that's that's what I need them then copy and paste it to try to like learn how to do it yourself yep yep and there are usually multiple ways to do all the things yes and I think that's a really cool part about um you know the author Jay Jay oh neat yeah um owl seems like a super awesome human I feel like we need to get owl on this dream oh that would be so cool yes everybody go follow out mm-hmm yeah and I said this I said this last time that um I ran into a question and DMed him on Twitter and he like wrote back in 20 minutes I think that's like the really cool thing about Twitter and yay thank you Jay um thanks Jay it is the fact that like there's so many people I would have never met if it were not for Twitter and in fact I'm gonna start doing playing playing D&D this week I'm very excited oh I don't know if we're live streaming this week but we'll be live streaming next week I think on Jacobs channel and all once I know when we start I'll start posting it nice this is so fun I have internet friends yay um now yeah and so we've got we've got these data types and these are the same data types that you already know from from JavaScript right we have integers those are like whole numbers but also with zero and negatives okay and floating point numbers more or less we can just map floating point two decimal has decimal do I need to remember what these are all I feel like that's a part of the way I've learned JavaScript is I may know how to use all of these but I never knew that they necessarily how to name um okay so I'm trying to remember so in JavaScript do you have to declare types because I kind of think maybe you do I know I'm declaring a variable and it's gonna be the number five yeah we don't have to do that in Python either Python is dynamically typed and so um it will infer from whatever you give it like if you say x equals five then it'll say ah then x is an integer but in the very next line you can say x equals um gen in quotes and it'll be like oh okay cool because so now x means a different thing and that's because in Python um you everything is a pointer I don't know if you're familiar with pointers no okay um so a pointer literally is exactly what it sounds like it tells you what it says is like okay x points to this place in memory and so it means I stuck this over here x is like a flag saying it's over there and so if you say x is five then it'll say okay it's pointing to this place in memory where it's five and then if you then say x is x equals gen it'll say oh okay now we're going to point to a different place in memory when it says gen or like I've rewritten that place in memory and it says gen um yeah I think I'm starting to get it and Bacari you are on YouTube so not everybody can show this um see this can show this can see this see if I can talk um he like Jay said nope can do it um don't need to do it in JavaScript um but Bacari said only in TypeScript and then um Jay also said that you do it in TypeScript which I am learning later this week I'm a little nervous um you can include types in Python to provide context okay so you don't have to provide types in Python but you can if you want like so if say you've got a function and it's going to return some value you can specify the value that this function returns must be an integer so that you can't accidentally have this function return a string which would make no sense right so you can tell Python this thing must be of this type but you don't have options okay and Jay also added uh or if you know you you're using Python convention that expects you to add a type like data classes like data classes we're just gonna end it there um and also Bacari Jay says hi okay he probably didn't say it like that but yeah I like to paraphrase everybody and you know put a gen spin on the transition I'm really bad at telephone oh yeah oh thank you Jay uh all right so Python programs also have text values called strings or uh stirs stirs what is the difference between a string or a stir they're the same thing nothing it's just that when you are telling Python that something is just like you've probably seen programs where in order to tell the the computer that something is going to be an integer you write int i n t mm-hmm as shorthand for integer in Python str is the shorthand for string so there's no difference got it okay stir is just the shorthand for string and float is the shorthand for floating point numbers so it means exactly what you might want it to mean okay oh goodness all right we're getting into it joins words together yes so when I'm taking from this without like like like grueling over all the text that tells me what it is if you type to strings that are letters then it will like Alice plus Bob equals Alice Bob that makes sense but if you do Alice plus 42 it's just gonna go what does U just do so it's not because they're letters it's because they're both strings if that 42 had quotation marks around it it would be fine okay so let's try that now do I need to do okay okay I think I think I know mm-hmm this 57 break really we need this and we need this and then you need to find a better way to run it but f5 it's happiness so oh we need print that's right print print is it have to have parentheses around it does it oh it does join it mm-hmm because they're both strings so it's not a letters versus numbers situation it's a string versus not string situation got it and oh oh but Cara came back over to twitch and says had Jay again oh my but Jay just jumped to YouTube so they're just Jay got a YouTube dear oh no everybody come to twitch twitch is like where it's at it's a party on to as the heads up and I think that is a great call out I will not be live streaming to uh linkedin starting next week I will only be live streaming to twitch and technically to YouTube but that's only because I don't want to re-upload um to get the word out there I was definitely streaming to every platform but as of Wednesday teach shen tech it's two months old yeah it's birthday it's a spursay so oh yay all right we got Jay and Bakari in the same chatroom yay it's okay that is totally okay Jay that's what I was doing while you were uh live streaming and then I don't know if Noel is still here so if Noel you're still here hello again to you um all right oh you can multiply allises yes okay wait now now I have a more complicated thing that I'm gonna copy wait yes maybe now um yep arey Okay Great. Can you multiply it times five? So what I still use this type of string if I want to add their means together and then multiply it by five. I mean, you could. So, or, and I feel like, so I don't, I don't start people with a f strings. That's, that's what that's called
Great. Can you multiply it times five? So what I still use this type of string if I want to add their means together and then multiply it by five. I mean, you could. So, or, and I feel like, so I don't, I don't start people with a f strings. That's, that's what that's called Just because, at least for me, it took me a minute to wrap my head around, formatted like print with formatting as opposed to just print exactly like what's here. I just sort of worked better in my head, but if this is working, if the f strings are working better in your head, that's cool too
Just because, at least for me, it took me a minute to wrap my head around, formatted like print with formatting as opposed to just print exactly like what's here. I just sort of worked better in my head, but if this is working, if the f strings are working better in your head, that's cool too I think the only reason that working better in my head is because I know what I wanted to say and being able to understand where to get to that point. Like, if I'm reading this one right, it's the f string is two plus two is the what the word is saying
I think the only reason that working better in my head is because I know what I wanted to say and being able to understand where to get to that point. Like, if I'm reading this one right, it's the f string is two plus two is the what the word is saying And it's that what that word is calculating whatever this equals. Yeah, the result of two. So like this makes sense. So I guess the part that I'm curious about on an f string, which I guess I can just try to do things myself
And it's that what that word is calculating whatever this equals. Yeah, the result of two. So like this makes sense. So I guess the part that I'm curious about on an f string, which I guess I can just try to do things myself Like, instead of asking questions to see if I can get it to work, I just think that always just take so long. It is the most effective way to learn, I think, is just try it and see what happens. So I don't necessarily need it to have a word. I just need it to do. I can't see. Wait. I don't know
Like, instead of asking questions to see if I can get it to work, I just think that always just take so long. It is the most effective way to learn, I think, is just try it and see what happens. So I don't necessarily need it to have a word. I just need it to do. I can't see. Wait. I don't know Wait. I don't know. Let's see what happens. Yeah. What? Okay. Let's read this. That's why I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. But I can concentrate on that one. Oh, I mean, do you want to talk it through? Yeah
Wait. I don't know. Let's see what happens. Yeah. What? Okay. Let's read this. That's why I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. But I can concentrate on that one. Oh, I mean, do you want to talk it through? Yeah And also, I looked down away from my code and said, adding the equal inside the braces will print the thing plus its results. Yeah. And so, so here what you, I think we're trying to do was like, say, print this thing five times. Yeah, I want to do the Alice thing, but with the car in J
And also, I looked down away from my code and said, adding the equal inside the braces will print the thing plus its results. Yeah. And so, so here what you, I think we're trying to do was like, say, print this thing five times. Yeah, I want to do the Alice thing, but with the car in J Let's break out a for loop. Okay. What is that? A for loop? Yeah. Have you done them in JavaScript? Okay. So just like if I just say like for loop, what immediately comes to mind? Me failing CSS and trying to tell it to make the box. Okay. Okay
Let's break out a for loop. Okay. What is that? A for loop? Yeah. Have you done them in JavaScript? Okay. So just like if I just say like for loop, what immediately comes to mind? Me failing CSS and trying to tell it to make the box. Okay. Okay Okay. Okay. That is probably not at all what you're talking about, but that is what first comes to my mind. Yep. Know that super helpful information for me, right? Like knowing it
Okay. Okay. That is probably not at all what you're talking about, but that is what first comes to my mind. Yep. Know that super helpful information for me, right? Like knowing it And so that's why I always asked like my, my students when I was a math professor, like what, what immediately comes to your mind when, when we say like these words so that they can tell me like where they're coming from. And then I can be like, okay, so now we're in the same place
And so that's why I always asked like my, my students when I was a math professor, like what, what immediately comes to your mind when, when we say like these words so that they can tell me like where they're coming from. And then I can be like, okay, so now we're in the same place This is how you get from where we are in your head to where we're going. If that makes sense. Yeah. And I think it's really cool because I know as I've been learning, there are a lot of things that kind of how I was telling you, I know what I can kind of figure out my way of doing it in JavaScript
This is how you get from where we are in your head to where we're going. If that makes sense. Yeah. And I think it's really cool because I know as I've been learning, there are a lot of things that kind of how I was telling you, I know what I can kind of figure out my way of doing it in JavaScript But I don't necessarily know what it's called. Yep. Sure. So, okay, cool. We are going to do a for loop. Yeah. So, um, Jay was pointing out like you can do this without without a for loop from like my head
But I don't necessarily know what it's called. Yep. Sure. So, okay, cool. We are going to do a for loop. Yeah. So, um, Jay was pointing out like you can do this without without a for loop from like my head I feel like it makes more sense to start from the for loop and and then show how you can do it shorter with the with the F string. But this isn't about what's in my head. It's about what's in your head. So we can do it anyway. We can do it both ways
I feel like it makes more sense to start from the for loop and and then show how you can do it shorter with the with the F string. But this isn't about what's in my head. It's about what's in your head. So we can do it anyway. We can do it both ways Really quick because I said that I was going to take notes and I didn't. I'm going to say really quick before I forget an exponent is a first number. Power. Yeah. Right. So 72 power of whatever. And then. And. Mod you loose. Is left over. Legos. That's right. 22. Legos
Really quick because I said that I was going to take notes and I didn't. I'm going to say really quick before I forget an exponent is a first number. Power. Yeah. Right. So 72 power of whatever. And then. And. Mod you loose. Is left over. Legos. That's right. 22. Legos 22. Legos. So, sort it into eight or Lego. Eight groups of eight. Yeah. And. And. And. In a. And. To. Into it. Okay. Thank you. I just look like realize that part. All right. Back to for loop. And. You know what? Or maybe we're probably going to get there pretty soon in this chapter
22. Legos. So, sort it into eight or Lego. Eight groups of eight. Yeah. And. And. And. In a. And. To. Into it. Okay. Thank you. I just look like realize that part. All right. Back to for loop. And. You know what? Or maybe we're probably going to get there pretty soon in this chapter So maybe, maybe we'll hang on to that thought. For a minute. All right. I'm going to copy and paste. Just what Jay said because I really want just to see the magic. Yes. Definitely. I will say that's kind of like the hard thing on. I don't know if anybody else gets this way
So maybe, maybe we'll hang on to that thought. For a minute. All right. I'm going to copy and paste. Just what Jay said because I really want just to see the magic. Yes. Definitely. I will say that's kind of like the hard thing on. I don't know if anybody else gets this way But like I'm like, I just want to figure this out because I want to see it. And then it's like, I can't move on to like figure that one piece out. And I. Oh, absolutely. It irritates me because I'm like, why that doesn't help anyone that. It just takes me forever. But now I can see it
But like I'm like, I just want to figure this out because I want to see it. And then it's like, I can't move on to like figure that one piece out. And I. Oh, absolutely. It irritates me because I'm like, why that doesn't help anyone that. It just takes me forever. But now I can see it And things to the answer. I can move on now. Yeah. All right. So. Oh. Trace backs. Alice times Bob. I feel like this is like a very complicated way of saying what we just did. Um. Hey. Yeah. I mean, sure. So. If you, if you don't have the benefit of doing something live in a conversation. Yeah
And things to the answer. I can move on now. Yeah. All right. So. Oh. Trace backs. Alice times Bob. I feel like this is like a very complicated way of saying what we just did. Um. Hey. Yeah. I mean, sure. So. If you, if you don't have the benefit of doing something live in a conversation. Yeah Yeah. It's sort of harder to make it not feel complicated. That's true. I'm just looking at this. And I'm like. I'm like, what's the trace back? Why am I going to find out? So it was in the previous chapter. What a trace back is. Um, I'm giving, giving like credit to Elle for actually being
Yeah. It's sort of harder to make it not feel complicated. That's true. I'm just looking at this. And I'm like. I'm like, what's the trace back? Why am I going to find out? So it was in the previous chapter. What a trace back is. Um, I'm giving, giving like credit to Elle for actually being Yeah, yeah, yeah. Definitely not saying it's me and books. It's not any. No, no, no, no. It's all good. Yeah. So basically that means so it says, you know, most recent call last. So what it's saying is. This is, this is where. Should. Fucked up. Okay. That's basically. Yeah. Yep
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Definitely not saying it's me and books. It's not any. No, no, no, no. It's all good. Yeah. So basically that means so it says, you know, most recent call last. So what it's saying is. This is, this is where. Should. Fucked up. Okay. That's basically. Yeah. Yep Yeah. Yep. Good explanation of it. Uh. Okay. And okay. Now I'm kind of. Picking up what you're putting down and the book is putting down because. Scroll back up. We have what insurers floating point numbers and strings are. And then if we go back down here. It's saying like
Yeah. Yep. Good explanation of it. Uh. Okay. And okay. Now I'm kind of. Picking up what you're putting down and the book is putting down because. Scroll back up. We have what insurers floating point numbers and strings are. And then if we go back down here. It's saying like It's saying like. Uh, can't multiply sequence by non-indulger. Uh, type of float. And then can't multiply sequence by non-indulger type of stir. And. Okay. Yeah. So it's saying, if you want to multiply a string. What that means to me, the computer is you want to print that thing
It's saying like. Uh, can't multiply sequence by non-indulger. Uh, type of float. And then can't multiply sequence by non-indulger type of stir. And. Okay. Yeah. So it's saying, if you want to multiply a string. What that means to me, the computer is you want to print that thing However many times. But if what you give me if the time number of times you give me is actually a string. It's not a number. So it might as well be a word. Or a letter. Right. Like the number, the number five. If it's in quotes, that's a string. So it might as well be the letter M
However many times. But if what you give me if the time number of times you give me is actually a string. It's not a number. So it might as well be a word. Or a letter. Right. Like the number, the number five. If it's in quotes, that's a string. So it might as well be the letter M And so saying like Alice times M. What does that mean? And so the computer says that means nothing to me. So if you want to print it, please revise and be submit. Yeah. Similarly, even though mathematically. Five point zero. And the integer five. Are the same. They have the same value
And so saying like Alice times M. What does that mean? And so the computer says that means nothing to me. So if you want to print it, please revise and be submit. Yeah. Similarly, even though mathematically. Five point zero. And the integer five. Are the same. They have the same value It doesn't want you to give it. Floating point numbers because it's not going to know what if that said five point one. And then it has to make a decision about like what is point one of Alice? I can't do point one of Alice. Right
It doesn't want you to give it. Floating point numbers because it's not going to know what if that said five point one. And then it has to make a decision about like what is point one of Alice? I can't do point one of Alice. Right Right. And so that's why it's saying, please don't give me a string because that means nothing to me. Please don't give me a float because God knows what that means. Please just give me an integer so that I can just do what? Do the thing. All right, that is that is starting to make sense and
Right. And so that's why it's saying, please don't give me a string because that means nothing to me. Please don't give me a float because God knows what that means. Please just give me an integer so that I can just do what? Do the thing. All right, that is that is starting to make sense and Hello, do I say your name? Uger. Hello, hello. And thank you for joining. Let us know if you have any questions. We also are getting streams in from Twitch. So if things we're saying may not make sense from the comments. That is why we're streaming to both places. And this makes sense
Hello, do I say your name? Uger. Hello, hello. And thank you for joining. Let us know if you have any questions. We also are getting streams in from Twitch. So if things we're saying may not make sense from the comments. That is why we're streaming to both places. And this makes sense In my head at first I was like, there's five there. There's five letters. So, you know, a physics could be letter A, but it's not going to know like where the fifth is. Like which letter is it? It's more like it's it's because of the decimal. It's entirely because of the decimal. Okay
In my head at first I was like, there's five there. There's five letters. So, you know, a physics could be letter A, but it's not going to know like where the fifth is. Like which letter is it? It's more like it's it's because of the decimal. It's entirely because of the decimal. Okay Okay. Saying, I don't know what to do. Like if that decimal were anything other than zero. It would have a problem because like what is point one of Alice or or whatever. And so it's saying, please just give me give me a whole number to multiply this by. All right. All right
Okay. Saying, I don't know what to do. Like if that decimal were anything other than zero. It would have a problem because like what is point one of Alice or or whatever. And so it's saying, please just give me give me a whole number to multiply this by. All right. All right All right. So a variable is like a box in the computer's memory where you can store a single value. And if you want to use the result of an. Evaluated expression later in your program, you can save it inside a variable. And I think this might be me getting mixed up on both JavaScript and Python
All right. So a variable is like a box in the computer's memory where you can store a single value. And if you want to use the result of an. Evaluated expression later in your program, you can save it inside a variable. And I think this might be me getting mixed up on both JavaScript and Python So, I think that's a good one. Okay. Variables. Not necessarily a sign because they're a variable. Like they can change. Yes. So, so like, um, like in our example from a few minutes ago, first we can say X is five. And then on the very next line, we can say X is Jen. X equals Jen
So, I think that's a good one. Okay. Variables. Not necessarily a sign because they're a variable. Like they can change. Yes. So, so like, um, like in our example from a few minutes ago, first we can say X is five. And then on the very next line, we can say X is Jen. X equals Jen X equals Jen. And so we're assigning the value five to X. And then we're saying never mind. And then we're saying to assign the value Jen to X. And for clarification, it will just read the second one or is it going to say X could be either five or Jen. It'll read them in order
X equals Jen. And so we're assigning the value five to X. And then we're saying never mind. And then we're saying to assign the value Jen to X. And for clarification, it will just read the second one or is it going to say X could be either five or Jen. It'll read them in order So at first X is five and then. Not even a split second later because computers work thing work through things really quickly. And then it'll be 42. But what it'll have or not 42 sorry I'm just looking at what's on the screen Jen. So it'll first it'll store. That the value of five to X
So at first X is five and then. Not even a split second later because computers work thing work through things really quickly. And then it'll be 42. But what it'll have or not 42 sorry I'm just looking at what's on the screen Jen. So it'll first it'll store. That the value of five to X And then it will say never mind. Now I'm storing the value Jen to X. Okay. That totally helps. All right. So if I do just using this example here. And for me to do this, I have to do. I don't need to use spam equals. I want to put you to next. Thank you. I don't need to put the
And then it will say never mind. Now I'm storing the value Jen to X. Okay. That totally helps. All right. So if I do just using this example here. And for me to do this, I have to do. I don't need to use spam equals. I want to put you to next. Thank you. I don't need to put the Bam equals 40 because in print because I don't necessarily need to print that. But if I want. Print. No, I do this because it would be print spam. But then. Did it. Oh, right. But it did tie the word because I didn't do the quotes. That's right. You got it. Okay
Bam equals 40 because in print because I don't necessarily need to print that. But if I want. Print. No, I do this because it would be print spam. But then. Did it. Oh, right. But it did tie the word because I didn't do the quotes. That's right. You got it. Okay You got it. Okay. So it's basically if you're giving a name. A number to a name and a name to a number. That's what we're talking about next is. It doesn't have to be a number. So it's not a number. Right. Like you could have spam equals the string. Um, Jen. Sure. Or pizza equals the strings
You got it. Okay. So it's basically if you're giving a name. A number to a name and a name to a number. That's what we're talking about next is. It doesn't have to be a number. So it's not a number. Right. Like you could have spam equals the string. Um, Jen. Sure. Or pizza equals the strings Bam or whatever you like. Mm-hmm. Right. I'm going to try to go. I'm going to try to go. Um, so. The only time it would need to be numbers is if we want it to total and burn like this. Yeah. It only needs to be a number. Okay. Cool. And then we literally just did this. And then we just did it
Bam or whatever you like. Mm-hmm. Right. I'm going to try to go. I'm going to try to go. Um, so. The only time it would need to be numbers is if we want it to total and burn like this. Yeah. It only needs to be a number. Okay. Cool. And then we literally just did this. And then we just did it And then we just did it. Yeah. All right. Yeah. And you talked about how if we name it, it's automatically going to update it like within a few seconds. So that is totally making sense. Not even a few seconds. Like from a human perspective, it's instantaneous. Yes. And that is so cool. All right
And then we just did it. Yeah. All right. Yeah. And you talked about how if we name it, it's automatically going to update it like within a few seconds. So that is totally making sense. Not even a few seconds. Like from a human perspective, it's instantaneous. Yes. And that is so cool. All right All right. So. Variable names. Um, imagine that you moved a new house and labeled all of your moving boxes as stuff. You'll never find anything
All right. So. Variable names. Um, imagine that you moved a new house and labeled all of your moving boxes as stuff. You'll never find anything Most of this book's examples and Python's documentation use a generic variable names like spam eggs and bacon, which come from the multi Python spam sketch. Well, I think it's not, I mean, I think it's really, really easy to get in the library
Most of this book's examples and Python's documentation use a generic variable names like spam eggs and bacon, which come from the multi Python spam sketch. Well, I think it's not, I mean, I think it's really, really easy to get in the library Does this mean that there's killer rabbits in, in Python? I have not yet encountered a killer rabbit in Python. Jay, are you still there? Are there killer rabbits? Because I'm like, if we're talking about my type money Python
Does this mean that there's killer rabbits in, in Python? I have not yet encountered a killer rabbit in Python. Jay, are you still there? Are there killer rabbits? Because I'm like, if we're talking about my type money Python Like can we do it and the holy grail and have the killer rabbits? Um, in in holy grail. Um, but we could we could do, you know, any of the any of the others that do have names. Like we could do the castle
Like can we do it and the holy grail and have the killer rabbits? Um, in in holy grail. Um, but we could we could do, you know, any of the any of the others that do have names. Like we could do the castle Yes, yes, I did read that part that the Python is named after a Monty Python and not the snake. And I first saw Monty Python and the holy grail when I was 13, I think. Yeah, good age. And there's another one. Let's see. Monty Python has a couple of them. Don't they? Oh, sure. Yeah
Yes, yes, I did read that part that the Python is named after a Monty Python and not the snake. And I first saw Monty Python and the holy grail when I was 13, I think. Yeah, good age. And there's another one. Let's see. Monty Python has a couple of them. Don't they? Oh, sure. Yeah Yeah. So the feature length ones are holy grail, life of Brian and life of Brian completely different. Okay. Life of Brian is the other one. It's all not as you're kind of making me want to watch them all. Thanks. I mean, I'm fine. I'm fine. Like that's a good time. Right. All right
Yeah. So the feature length ones are holy grail, life of Brian and life of Brian completely different. Okay. Life of Brian is the other one. It's all not as you're kind of making me want to watch them all. Thanks. I mean, I'm fine. I'm fine. Like that's a good time. Right. All right Right. All right. So, yeah, though you can name your variables everything, anything, not everything. You can name them almost anything. Python does give some navy restrictions. Table one, three has example of legal variable names. Oh, I think these are pretty similar to JavaScript
Right. All right. So, yeah, though you can name your variables everything, anything, not everything. You can name them almost anything. Python does give some navy restrictions. Table one, three has example of legal variable names. Oh, I think these are pretty similar to JavaScript They're like, I'm, would you say that these are pretty like accurate for all programming languages? Like I haven't seen it. That's pretty standard. Yeah. Okay. Oh, this book uses camel case cool. I know what that one is instead of underscores
They're like, I'm, would you say that these are pretty like accurate for all programming languages? Like I haven't seen it. That's pretty standard. Yeah. Okay. Oh, this book uses camel case cool. I know what that one is instead of underscores Some experienced programmers may not may point out that official Python code style is pep eight says that the underscores should be used. I'll unapologetically prefer camel case and point to the a foolish consistency is the hobglobin of little minds. Sculpting of pop up in itself. Yes. Okay
Some experienced programmers may not may point out that official Python code style is pep eight says that the underscores should be used. I'll unapologetically prefer camel case and point to the a foolish consistency is the hobglobin of little minds. Sculpting of pop up in itself. Yes. Okay Yes. Okay. There's a program. But we're out of the hour is a style guide. Just like if you've written an English paper, you probably used MLA style or like Chicago manual of style, that kind of thing. So pep eight is the MLA guide for Python
Yes. Okay. There's a program. But we're out of the hour is a style guide. Just like if you've written an English paper, you probably used MLA style or like Chicago manual of style, that kind of thing. So pep eight is the MLA guide for Python So I feel very fortunate that programming and learning these type of languages, it tells you there's error messages because when you write an English paper, it doesn't tell you if you're creating ear messages unless you're using like grammarly and grammarly does, grammarly does help. That's right
So I feel very fortunate that programming and learning these type of languages, it tells you there's error messages because when you write an English paper, it doesn't tell you if you're creating ear messages unless you're using like grammarly and grammarly does, grammarly does help. That's right That's right. Honestly, I don't know. Like we're halfway through this. Yeah. So I wouldn't worry about pep eight at all right now, just like when we're teaching teaching kids to read and write, we don't break out the MLA guide. That's for a way later
That's right. Honestly, I don't know. Like we're halfway through this. Yeah. So I wouldn't worry about pep eight at all right now, just like when we're teaching teaching kids to read and write, we don't break out the MLA guide. That's for a way later I think this definitely is could probably be a good break point. I just because as I'm getting into this, I'm like, oh, let's keep going. And then I don't think we're going to end in half an hour. We're going to end like, wait, you'll far past that real quick though
I think this definitely is could probably be a good break point. I just because as I'm getting into this, I'm like, oh, let's keep going. And then I don't think we're going to end in half an hour. We're going to end like, wait, you'll far past that real quick though Jay said, pep eight is a standard. It's not enforced unless you are using a linter, but ultimately as long as people know what to expect with your code and how to read it, you're good
Jay said, pep eight is a standard. It's not enforced unless you are using a linter, but ultimately as long as people know what to expect with your code and how to read it, you're good And even couldn't, couldn't you also program a linter to tell you to not use pep eight? And I don't know if that's yes. You can tell a linter
And even couldn't, couldn't you also program a linter to tell you to not use pep eight? And I don't know if that's yes. You can tell a linter So just like there's MLA style and Chicago manual style, there are other style guides before, I mean, other besides pep eight, pep eight is the most common one
So just like there's MLA style and Chicago manual style, there are other style guides before, I mean, other besides pep eight, pep eight is the most common one But you could tell your IDE, you know, VS code, like, okay, use, I can't even remember the names of any of the others because pep eight is the one, but you could you could use a different style guide. Jay says yes, that's black. It's black, a style. Now I'm going to Google it
But you could tell your IDE, you know, VS code, like, okay, use, I can't even remember the names of any of the others because pep eight is the one, but you could you could use a different style guide. Jay says yes, that's black. It's black, a style. Now I'm going to Google it Yeah, I'm not sure what that means either. Winning VS code. Oh, nice. Yeah, because there are things that I don't love about pep eight. Actually, I'm with Jay. I really like camel case as well, more than underscores, but all right. Here we go. Thank you, Jay, for the link. Interesting. Yep
Yeah, I'm not sure what that means either. Winning VS code. Oh, nice. Yeah, because there are things that I don't love about pep eight. Actually, I'm with Jay. I really like camel case as well, more than underscores, but all right. Here we go. Thank you, Jay, for the link. Interesting. Yep Interesting. Yep. I think this is definitely something that is interesting. That's what I'm going with. But just a reminder for myself, I'm using new, but I could technically get a, I could use VS code for Python and use something
Interesting. Yep. I think this is definitely something that is interesting. That's what I'm going with. But just a reminder for myself, I'm using new, but I could technically get a, I could use VS code for Python and use something I don't know if anybody knows this and I can go look this up afterwards, but is there a run in VS code? Because every time I've used VS code, I always end up using local posts. Yeah, so you mean you mean like a Ripple? Is there a Ripple in VS code? Yeah. Yeah
I don't know if anybody knows this and I can go look this up afterwards, but is there a run in VS code? Because every time I've used VS code, I always end up using local posts. Yeah, so you mean you mean like a Ripple? Is there a Ripple in VS code? Yeah. Yeah Yeah. So Jupiter actually is, and I think at the maybe toward the top of the Ripple somewhere, it mentioned it mentioned Jupiter, Jupiter with Y instead of Y. There's a Jupiter plug-in for VS code. I have never used it. So yeah, but we could, we could do that
Yeah. So Jupiter actually is, and I think at the maybe toward the top of the Ripple somewhere, it mentioned it mentioned Jupiter, Jupiter with Y instead of Y. There's a Jupiter plug-in for VS code. I have never used it. So yeah, but we could, we could do that Well, Jay, disclosure, I feel like you haven't been on this show yet, and you got to come on the show at some point. So might as well be for VS code. I've used Jupiter, sorry, for clarification. I've used Jupiter, but not as a plug-in with VS code. I've used Jupiter tones just not in there. Yeah
Well, Jay, disclosure, I feel like you haven't been on this show yet, and you got to come on the show at some point. So might as well be for VS code. I've used Jupiter, sorry, for clarification. I've used Jupiter, but not as a plug-in with VS code. I've used Jupiter tones just not in there. Yeah Yeah. Yeah, I get that. I think, and Jay said that they've heard a ton of good things about Jupiter and Jay, I will be sending you the link to get on the show
Yeah. Yeah, I get that. I think, and Jay said that they've heard a ton of good things about Jupiter and Jay, I will be sending you the link to get on the show Because I would say I love doing these and I'm starting, I'm debating on still streaming to of LinkedIn because a lot of people see them and they do get something out of them. It's just like harder to track if they are, you know, doesn't say if they're watching it or not. Oh, interesting
Because I would say I love doing these and I'm starting, I'm debating on still streaming to of LinkedIn because a lot of people see them and they do get something out of them. It's just like harder to track if they are, you know, doesn't say if they're watching it or not. Oh, interesting Oh, interesting. The Jupiter VS code extension, my colleague Sarah, has a lot more knowledge on that. We got off to it. We are almost to the end of this chapter. All right, I'm going to like just totally up to you whether you want to stop here and then do the end chapter
Oh, interesting. The Jupiter VS code extension, my colleague Sarah, has a lot more knowledge on that. We got off to it. We are almost to the end of this chapter. All right, I'm going to like just totally up to you whether you want to stop here and then do the end chapter I feel like this is a lot of scrolling, rolling like halfway through. Yeah, I can find out where we were. We were down at your first program. Yeah. I mean, I'm down. Let's give it a shot. Okay. We might go over. I mean, I don't want to pressure you. Like if you're burned out. No, no, I'm not
I feel like this is a lot of scrolling, rolling like halfway through. Yeah, I can find out where we were. We were down at your first program. Yeah. I mean, I'm down. Let's give it a shot. Okay. We might go over. I mean, I don't want to pressure you. Like if you're burned out. No, no, I'm not No, no, I'm not. I just, I don't have a hard stop, but it's hard for me to go. Yeah, let's keep going when I need to be cognizant of my guests. Oh, sure. You know what? Today is suborbital day. So we have the last Monday of every month as a day off. Oh, fancy. All right. Well, all right. Oh, yeah
No, no, I'm not. I just, I don't have a hard stop, but it's hard for me to go. Yeah, let's keep going when I need to be cognizant of my guests. Oh, sure. You know what? Today is suborbital day. So we have the last Monday of every month as a day off. Oh, fancy. All right. Well, all right. Oh, yeah Oh, yeah. So, okay. So I was wrong when I said I was looking at the wrong spot. I was looking at like summary or something when I said that we're almost done. So we're not quite almost done. But I would be good to do the the first program now or next week. Whichever is good for you. Yeah. Okay
Oh, yeah. So, okay. So I was wrong when I said I was looking at the wrong spot. I was looking at like summary or something when I said that we're almost done. So we're not quite almost done. But I would be good to do the the first program now or next week. Whichever is good for you. Yeah. Okay Yeah. Okay. Well, the interactive shell is good for running Python instructions one at a time to write entire Python programs. You'll need instructions to type instructions into the file editor. The file editor is similar to text editors. Okay
Yeah. Okay. Well, the interactive shell is good for running Python instructions one at a time to write entire Python programs. You'll need instructions to type instructions into the file editor. The file editor is similar to text editors. Okay Okay. So open a new file and you and then click on the new button. Okay. Well, we got a new button. And the window appears to contain a cursor. But it's different from the interactive shell, which runs Python instructions as soon as you press enter
Okay. So open a new file and you and then click on the new button. Okay. Well, we got a new button. And the window appears to contain a cursor. But it's different from the interactive shell, which runs Python instructions as soon as you press enter Oh, I guess we should have been doing it in the interactive shell. We have just there's no should. Okay. Type their both options. Good call. Good call. That is a no thing that I really got to work on is like because that puts like unnecessarily pressure on all of this. Yeah
Oh, I guess we should have been doing it in the interactive shell. We have just there's no should. Okay. Type their both options. Good call. Good call. That is a no thing that I really got to work on is like because that puts like unnecessarily pressure on all of this. Yeah Yeah. So they're both they're both useful. So the REPL is great for when you just want to see like, okay, if I did this, what would the output be without running your mobile file? All right. So I should probably name this one. There we go. We're just going to write on practice
Yeah. So they're both they're both useful. So the REPL is great for when you just want to see like, okay, if I did this, what would the output be without running your mobile file? All right. So I should probably name this one. There we go. We're just going to write on practice When the file editor window opens and you're the following. So the hashtag, I did not do that. But when it's like a hashtag like this, oh, goodness gracious. That means it's just notes, right? It's like, it's comment. Okay. Yeah. Just like in other languages, you might use like two slashes. Yeah
When the file editor window opens and you're the following. So the hashtag, I did not do that. But when it's like a hashtag like this, oh, goodness gracious. That means it's just notes, right? It's like, it's comment. Okay. Yeah. Just like in other languages, you might use like two slashes. Yeah Yeah. Slash and that's comments. Yeah. Or yeah. Okay. Cool. Print. Hello world. Print. What is the meaning ask for them? Well, this is kind of easy. Er. Oh, what did the indent? Yes. And it would get mad if it didn't have the indent. That is good to know. My name is input
Yeah. Slash and that's comments. Yeah. Or yeah. Okay. Cool. Print. Hello world. Print. What is the meaning ask for them? Well, this is kind of easy. Er. Oh, what did the indent? Yes. And it would get mad if it didn't have the indent. That is good to know. My name is input My name is input. We will fill in the blanks. It is good to know you. Actually, in this case, it wouldn't because that's not actually the white space there is not part of the the program. It's for like ease of reading. So we'll see, we'll see what it does
My name is input. We will fill in the blanks. It is good to know you. Actually, in this case, it wouldn't because that's not actually the white space there is not part of the the program. It's for like ease of reading. So we'll see, we'll see what it does It might actually get mad that the white space is there. We'll see. I feel like this one didn't need to be okay. I got to put some spaces in here because I'm starting to learn like where spaces go in JavaScript. But like, okay. This one is like, it's coming like all swish together
It might actually get mad that the white space is there. We'll see. I feel like this one didn't need to be okay. I got to put some spaces in here because I'm starting to learn like where spaces go in JavaScript. But like, okay. This one is like, it's coming like all swish together But I do like this. So these spaces are for the benefit, like the the line breaks, like creating vertical white space is for the benefit of the humans reading the code. The computer is not going to care. Right. All right
But I do like this. So these spaces are for the benefit, like the the line breaks, like creating vertical white space is for the benefit of the humans reading the code. The computer is not going to care. Right. All right Right. All right. So let's just see if I got this thing to even though it's not going to have anything. Inventation error. It doesn't like one of my. Unexpected indent. Okay. And so what it's going to stay right above. You can see there's a little carrot under the P in print for what is your name
Right. All right. So let's just see if I got this thing to even though it's not going to have anything. Inventation error. It doesn't like one of my. Unexpected indent. Okay. And so what it's going to stay right above. You can see there's a little carrot under the P in print for what is your name It's saying this is where there's an unexpected indentation. So that's where I was saying like, oh, and that's the other thing is that it's going to stop when it reaches the first error
It's saying this is where there's an unexpected indentation. So that's where I was saying like, oh, and that's the other thing is that it's going to stop when it reaches the first error So it's going to be upset about all of those because indentation means something like horizontal white space that means something to the computer. It means like sort of a nesting situation. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
So it's going to be upset about all of those because indentation means something like horizontal white space that means something to the computer. It means like sort of a nesting situation. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So how does it know not to go past hello world? What does your name? Just because this input is blank. That's right. Well, the input, it's not that it's blank. It's that it's a function. So that's that function says get user input. So it's paused
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So how does it know not to go past hello world? What does your name? Just because this input is blank. That's right. Well, the input, it's not that it's blank. It's that it's a function. So that's that function says get user input. So it's paused So it's paused. It is politely waiting for you to enter your name. All right. Hello, Ben. Hello. Oh, no, I mean down below. Yeah. It's waiting for your input. This got way more exciting. No, I'm old. Okay
So it's paused. It is politely waiting for you to enter your name. All right. Hello, Ben. Hello. Oh, no, I mean down below. Yeah. It's waiting for your input. This got way more exciting. No, I'm old. Okay No, I'm old. Okay. So notice, it said it's good to meet you Jen and then it said the length of your name is five. Why does it say five? There must be a space there. That's right. Okay. Well, let's see. So if you run this again and you put in Jen with no space, yeah. Interesting
No, I'm old. Okay. So notice, it said it's good to meet you Jen and then it said the length of your name is five. Why does it say five? There must be a space there. That's right. Okay. Well, let's see. So if you run this again and you put in Jen with no space, yeah. Interesting Interesting. I'm a little confused. Thank you, Jay. And y'all go go watch J's and I feel like we might be streaming at that point. So I'll all attempt to raid into yours, Jay. Are you, Jay, are you going to be doing it on your stream or somebody else's? I think I'm in your stream. Okay
Interesting. I'm a little confused. Thank you, Jay. And y'all go go watch J's and I feel like we might be streaming at that point. So I'll all attempt to raid into yours, Jay. Are you, Jay, are you going to be doing it on your stream or somebody else's? I think I'm in your stream. Okay Okay. I guess I don't understand the bit about why do I want the length of my name? I mean, maybe you don't. But in the file, we have below where it says print, it is good to meet you space plus my name
Okay. I guess I don't understand the bit about why do I want the length of my name? I mean, maybe you don't. But in the file, we have below where it says print, it is good to meet you space plus my name It says print the length of your name is and then it's going to find out the length of the name and then print that. So if you don't want to know the length of your name, you can just take those two lines out and it won't do them. And then it just knows that it's doing the length. Okay
It says print the length of your name is and then it's going to find out the length of the name and then print that. So if you don't want to know the length of your name, you can just take those two lines out and it won't do them. And then it just knows that it's doing the length. Okay Okay. That's right. That's the length function. Means you give me a string and I tell you how many characters are in the stream. Okay. Interesting. Do you want to change what's in there a bit to sort of see how changing it? Well, changes. See how making changes changes things. Yes
Okay. That's right. That's the length function. Means you give me a string and I tell you how many characters are in the stream. Okay. Interesting. Do you want to change what's in there a bit to sort of see how changing it? Well, changes. See how making changes changes things. Yes Yes. Yes, because this isn't life and I don't have to sit patiently waiting for things. I don't know why that cracked me up today, but it did. All right. So I don't know what's the length of something else it could do. I don't know. Okay
Yes. Yes, because this isn't life and I don't have to sit patiently waiting for things. I don't know why that cracked me up today, but it did. All right. So I don't know what's the length of something else it could do. I don't know. Okay I don't know. Okay. If I wanted this to, so I couldn't, didn't get rid of it, but I wanted to like make it all. That's exciting. Yep. Hey. I don't know why I'm so excited about this, but it's exciting. Yeah. Okay. All right
I don't know. Okay. If I wanted this to, so I couldn't, didn't get rid of it, but I wanted to like make it all. That's exciting. Yep. Hey. I don't know why I'm so excited about this, but it's exciting. Yeah. Okay. All right Okay. All right. And then this is a stir or a string in integer of your age and then plus one in a year. So I could do minus one last year. Oh, that didn't do minus one. Oh, could I do my age. It's, is there a way to do the year that it automatically can pull what year it is? Yes
Okay. All right. And then this is a stir or a string in integer of your age and then plus one in a year. So I could do minus one last year. Oh, that didn't do minus one. Oh, could I do my age. It's, is there a way to do the year that it automatically can pull what year it is? Yes Um, we would need to import a library for that. I'm not sure which one. Okay. So we're not going to do that, but okay. Um, so the integer is my name. You know, it would be an easy way to do it, though. It would be to just declare a variable called as near equals 22 or 2022. Cool
Um, we would need to import a library for that. I'm not sure which one. Okay. So we're not going to do that, but okay. Um, so the integer is my name. You know, it would be an easy way to do it, though. It would be to just declare a variable called as near equals 22 or 2022. Cool Cool. And then I would do it 2022 like this. Um, you can leave the, so if it depends on what you want. It should do. What is your age and then have it do the input and then it will say you were born in X year. Okay. So then, um, so let's start with the, with the string part first
Cool. And then I would do it 2022 like this. Um, you can leave the, so if it depends on what you want. It should do. What is your age and then have it do the input and then it will say you were born in X year. Okay. So then, um, so let's start with the, with the string part first So instead of saying you will be, you can change it to the you were born in. Yeah. Okay. Um, and then do you, maybe you maybe you don't need the string at the end, the space in a year. Okay. And so what that's that function there is saying, yeah, we can take out the ones
So instead of saying you will be, you can change it to the you were born in. Yeah. Okay. Um, and then do you, maybe you maybe you don't need the string at the end, the space in a year. Okay. And so what that's that function there is saying, yeah, we can take out the ones And so this function is saying, um, whatever, what the, so the number that was that the user gives for their age, that's going to be an integer. And we need to convert it to a string so that we can add it to the string that's in front of it. Okay. So that's called casting
And so this function is saying, um, whatever, what the, so the number that was that the user gives for their age, that's going to be an integer. And we need to convert it to a string so that we can add it to the string that's in front of it. Okay. So that's called casting So we're going to cast this integer as a string. So that means pretend or, or, or consider, not pretend, consider this number as a string. So I'm excited that I'm about to be a magician. Yes. This is Ramon and I have talked about it and we both really, really like the sparkle emoji
So we're going to cast this integer as a string. So that means pretend or, or, or consider, not pretend, consider this number as a string. So I'm excited that I'm about to be a magician. Yes. This is Ramon and I have talked about it and we both really, really like the sparkle emoji I don't know why, but it makes me think, okay. So can I put two in this string? Can I put two integers? Um, or do I have to create a, like, could I be, well, I guess I, instead of just asking you, I could try it. Because that's how you learn things. Sure
I don't know why, but it makes me think, okay. So can I put two in this string? Can I put two integers? Um, or do I have to create a, like, could I be, well, I guess I, instead of just asking you, I could try it. Because that's how you learn things. Sure Sure. This year, me, oh, you're telling me a bunch of stuff that I can't even see. I feel like there's more. I'm doing string, string, bytes or buffer encoding. Here's creating. I like this is the complicated stuff that it's, it's okay
Sure. This year, me, oh, you're telling me a bunch of stuff that I can't even see. I feel like there's more. I'm doing string, string, bytes or buffer encoding. Here's creating. I like this is the complicated stuff that it's, it's okay So scroll down for a second and then put, put a plus in between the, into this year plus into my age. Um, and we're going to need to call that, we're going to need to do the string consideration to my, or, or hang on a second. Wait, I said plus, but it shouldn't be plus. Right? Yes. Okay
So scroll down for a second and then put, put a plus in between the, into this year plus into my age. Um, and we're going to need to call that, we're going to need to do the string consideration to my, or, or hang on a second. Wait, I said plus, but it shouldn't be plus. Right? Yes. Okay Right? Yes. Okay. And so maybe, maybe since we're doing a calculation, we're going to break this up into three lines instead of, we're going to add an extra line, maybe, just for like the sake of it being super clear what the code is going to do. Okay. Okay
Right? Yes. Okay. And so maybe, maybe since we're doing a calculation, we're going to break this up into three lines instead of, we're going to add an extra line, maybe, just for like the sake of it being super clear what the code is going to do. Okay. Okay Okay. Okay. So let's make a new variable, like, underneath my age input, make a new line. Okay. And let's create a new variable called birth year. Okay. Okay. Mm hmm. And it's this year minus my age. Mm hmm
Okay. Okay. So let's make a new variable, like, underneath my age input, make a new line. Okay. And let's create a new variable called birth year. Okay. Okay. Mm hmm. And it's this year minus my age. Mm hmm Mm hmm. I guess we could have just said 2022 minus my age and not done that this year, but, yeah, I'm okay with it. This year minus my age. Mm hmm. Okay. And then where we have the string in this year, blah, blah. We can just make that be, um, take out the this year and put birth year
Mm hmm. I guess we could have just said 2022 minus my age and not done that this year, but, yeah, I'm okay with it. This year minus my age. Mm hmm. Okay. And then where we have the string in this year, blah, blah. We can just make that be, um, take out the this year and put birth year And you said put birth year, right? Mm hmm. And that's what is actually suggesting down there because you've already declared that variable. And so it's saying, hey, you're starting to type the name of a variable that I already know about. Right. Mm hmm
And you said put birth year, right? Mm hmm. And that's what is actually suggesting down there because you've already declared that variable. And so it's saying, hey, you're starting to type the name of a variable that I already know about. Right. Mm hmm Right. Mm hmm. And then we can, we can just take out the whole minus into my age thing because we're done with it. We already did that above. Okay. Okay. Let's run it. Oh, I'm not expected. And E O F is end of file. So, um, and it's telling us that that happened online 17
Right. Mm hmm. And then we can, we can just take out the whole minus into my age thing because we're done with it. We already did that above. Okay. Okay. Let's run it. Oh, I'm not expected. And E O F is end of file. So, um, and it's telling us that that happened online 17 Do we have enough parenthesis? I don't think we do. So if we're looking at our print statement. Oh, yeah. I see it. It didn't match this one. Mm hmm. It only meant. Okay. Okay. Five. Five. My name is Yen. What is my age? 34. Okay. And so now we're finding another error
Do we have enough parenthesis? I don't think we do. So if we're looking at our print statement. Oh, yeah. I see it. It didn't match this one. Mm hmm. It only meant. Okay. Okay. Five. Five. My name is Yen. What is my age? 34. Okay. And so now we're finding another error So we've got burger equals this year, minus my age unsupported operand types for int and string. Aha. Okay. So what happened was that my age, um, the input type was string. So, so when, when we use the input function, the input that it's getting is going to be in the form of a string
So we've got burger equals this year, minus my age unsupported operand types for int and string. Aha. Okay. So what happened was that my age, um, the input type was string. So, so when, when we use the input function, the input that it's getting is going to be in the form of a string So instead, we need to cast that as an integer. Okay. So we can put int and then perns my age. Would I do this for a year or two? Um, this year is already an integer. There we go
So instead, we need to cast that as an integer. Okay. So we can put int and then perns my age. Would I do this for a year or two? Um, this year is already an integer. There we go There we go. And then do I need like bigger spaces here like the equals or do I put them together? It does not, the computer doesn't care. Um, in terms of style, um, it is more common to put the spaces just to increase readability for the humans. You got it. Yay. You wrote your first program
There we go. And then do I need like bigger spaces here like the equals or do I put them together? It does not, the computer doesn't care. Um, in terms of style, um, it is more common to put the spaces just to increase readability for the humans. You got it. Yay. You wrote your first program This was exciting. Just your first Python program. You also changed it to make a new Python program. So you actually wrote your first two Python programs. Oh, this was exciting. Yeah. This is the note I would, I was more excited to end on. Yeah. Oh, this is, yeah. This was legit. Right. Yeah
This was exciting. Just your first Python program. You also changed it to make a new Python program. So you actually wrote your first two Python programs. Oh, this was exciting. Yeah. This is the note I would, I was more excited to end on. Yeah. Oh, this is, yeah. This was legit. Right. Yeah Right. Yeah. We have accomplished. We have accomplished. I have made my, I should probably take a look at my notes and see what I did or did not write on my notes to make me remember an exponent, a modulus, an integer. And then so I would put. What is this thing called? A pep 8 is default
Right. Yeah. We have accomplished. We have accomplished. I have made my, I should probably take a look at my notes and see what I did or did not write on my notes to make me remember an exponent, a modulus, an integer. And then so I would put. What is this thing called? A pep 8 is default It's the most common, it's the currently most common style guide. And it's especially it's like from from a in the data science world, you would definitely use pet eight maybe you use a different style guide in the web dev side of things
It's the most common, it's the currently most common style guide. And it's especially it's like from from a in the data science world, you would definitely use pet eight maybe you use a different style guide in the web dev side of things Just like in English departments and so on, you use MLA style, but in like psychology, for instance, you might use Chicago Manual of style instead. Each discipline has its own style guide or not its own style guide, but each discipline gets to decide which style guide it's going to use
Just like in English departments and so on, you use MLA style, but in like psychology, for instance, you might use Chicago Manual of style instead. Each discipline has its own style guide or not its own style guide, but each discipline gets to decide which style guide it's going to use And now I'm over here like all quietly. I'm taking notes. And if I go back to lure it is cool. We change this to make it. And that is called an F string. And the goal was to add the carry and J to create. Carry J and have it print or have it duplicate. Five times. And
And now I'm over here like all quietly. I'm taking notes. And if I go back to lure it is cool. We change this to make it. And that is called an F string. And the goal was to add the carry and J to create. Carry J and have it print or have it duplicate. Five times. And Five times. And. Or yeah, just just from a from a piggy math teacher. And you write docs, so I would love to hear it. Duplicate means to. So if you duplicated something five times, you'd make ten of them. Have it. If that makes sense. He how would you say that? Like it makes sense
Five times. And. Or yeah, just just from a from a piggy math teacher. And you write docs, so I would love to hear it. Duplicate means to. So if you duplicated something five times, you'd make ten of them. Have it. If that makes sense. He how would you say that? Like it makes sense I just don't I'm not going to like print it. Point's printing it five times. Oh. Have it print five times. Okay. All right. And I needed to change. Five outside of. Really brackets. That's what we're going to go with. We're trying to put like why this one worked, but the other one didn't. Yep
I just don't I'm not going to like print it. Point's printing it five times. Oh. Have it print five times. Okay. All right. And I needed to change. Five outside of. Really brackets. That's what we're going to go with. We're trying to put like why this one worked, but the other one didn't. Yep Yep. And I I personally feel like this spam equals 40 kind of thing is pretty self-explanatory because it's just defining the variable. Yeah. Well, they're your notes. Right. So well, I'm trying to create them for other people, but also for myself. Because it's a read me, but. Yeah
Yep. And I I personally feel like this spam equals 40 kind of thing is pretty self-explanatory because it's just defining the variable. Yeah. Well, they're your notes. Right. So well, I'm trying to create them for other people, but also for myself. Because it's a read me, but. Yeah Yeah. I mean, um, but it's not, uh, it's not immutable. Right. Do you know what the big word? Okay. So if something is immutable, you can't change it. It's immutable. You can't change it. So you can keep changing your read me. Like you read me doesn't have to be perfect. Right
Yeah. I mean, um, but it's not, uh, it's not immutable. Right. Do you know what the big word? Okay. So if something is immutable, you can't change it. It's immutable. You can't change it. So you can keep changing your read me. Like you read me doesn't have to be perfect. Right Right. You can get the notes in there that are like the ones that are helpful for you, like the things that you think of today. Yeah. And then if in future, you're like, oh, you know what? Maybe I really should go back in and add some more notes for other people who aren't me. You can do that
Right. You can get the notes in there that are like the ones that are helpful for you, like the things that you think of today. Yeah. And then if in future, you're like, oh, you know what? Maybe I really should go back in and add some more notes for other people who aren't me. You can do that You can do that. All right. I dig it. And then. I'll grab these just in case I talk about. Variables. But it is called just so I know. Um, defining defining variables. Um, defining or assigning. So you mean. Oh, that was pretty sweet. I feel like we did a lot, but I will say like reading it first
You can do that. All right. I dig it. And then. I'll grab these just in case I talk about. Variables. But it is called just so I know. Um, defining defining variables. Um, defining or assigning. So you mean. Oh, that was pretty sweet. I feel like we did a lot, but I will say like reading it first I think really, really helped because I was like, okay. And I wasn't even looking at the screen when it was reading it to me. I was just listening to it when it was getting ready. And while I was getting ready. And I think it's really cool in the fact that I remember what the words were saying
I think really, really helped because I was like, okay. And I wasn't even looking at the screen when it was reading it to me. I was just listening to it when it was getting ready. And while I was getting ready. And I think it's really cool in the fact that I remember what the words were saying I get the gist of it a lot easier. That I'm like, okay, cool. I do. There is a lot of words here. But it'll remind me what I already had heard. So I don't have to read every single. Word. I do the same thing. Um, like when I was doing, um, online courses, I would usually listen to them
I get the gist of it a lot easier. That I'm like, okay, cool. I do. There is a lot of words here. But it'll remind me what I already had heard. So I don't have to read every single. Word. I do the same thing. Um, like when I was doing, um, online courses, I would usually listen to them While I was doing something else with my hands, because that helps me actually focus on what I'm listening to. Um, and then I'd listen to like one, listen one time. And then then I would listen a second time. And that time I would be taking notes. Hmm
While I was doing something else with my hands, because that helps me actually focus on what I'm listening to. Um, and then I'd listen to like one, listen one time. And then then I would listen a second time. And that time I would be taking notes. Hmm Hmm. I have projects for work this week that I'm digging your style and think I'm just going to, um, copy. And yeah, it can feel sort of inefficient. Like, oh, but I've had this, but then I have to listen to the whole thing twice
Hmm. I have projects for work this week that I'm digging your style and think I'm just going to, um, copy. And yeah, it can feel sort of inefficient. Like, oh, but I've had this, but then I have to listen to the whole thing twice But if that means that when you have listened to the whole thing twice and done your notes, you actually understand stuff better, then it's worth the time, right? Yeah. And that's what I have to keep reminding myself. This is worth it. Yes
But if that means that when you have listened to the whole thing twice and done your notes, you actually understand stuff better, then it's worth the time, right? Yeah. And that's what I have to keep reminding myself. This is worth it. Yes Yes. Yes, even though it's on what everybody else's processes doesn't mean that it's wrong. That's right. And really quick, Ben, you just made a clip of that it's way more interesting now that we made a program. Very excited about this. And it's been, uh, is
Yes. Yes, even though it's on what everybody else's processes doesn't mean that it's wrong. That's right. And really quick, Ben, you just made a clip of that it's way more interesting now that we made a program. Very excited about this. And it's been, uh, is I got to figure this out because that was just cool that you made a clip. I didn't even know you could make clips. So I'm pretty excited about that. I can see it on my end on Twitch. There's a little button at the bottom that says clip. Oh, okay. Okay
I got to figure this out because that was just cool that you made a clip. I didn't even know you could make clips. So I'm pretty excited about that. I can see it on my end on Twitch. There's a little button at the bottom that says clip. Oh, okay. Okay Oh, okay. Okay. Well, I think we have wrapped up for today, but I'm not going to let us go yet. I'm going to figure out how to raid. Maybe. Maybe I am. I'm. I'm clicking a bunch of options. So don't mind me one. I could show it. We could live stream me trying to figure out how to raid
Oh, okay. Okay. Well, I think we have wrapped up for today, but I'm not going to let us go yet. I'm going to figure out how to raid. Maybe. Maybe I am. I'm. I'm clicking a bunch of options. So don't mind me one. I could show it. We could live stream me trying to figure out how to raid I'm okay with that. You just might see yourself in multiple times. I know it's in my stream manager. And. Suggestion box quick, quick actions. Now. Oh, clip that. Okay. I do have a clip that. That's cool. I don't know. Me. Yeah. I think everybody left us two streaming tools. No
I'm okay with that. You just might see yourself in multiple times. I know it's in my stream manager. And. Suggestion box quick, quick actions. Now. Oh, clip that. Okay. I do have a clip that. That's cool. I don't know. Me. Yeah. I think everybody left us two streaming tools. No No. Just going to Google it. How to raid. I'm sorry. Oh, type raid. I'm sorry. Oh. Start a raid for a such raid followed by the name of the channel. All right. Well, let's go here. Yes. Yes. It. I haven't told everybody's chats. I think that's his channel. Maybe. So. Katie. And
No. Just going to Google it. How to raid. I'm sorry. Oh, type raid. I'm sorry. Oh. Start a raid for a such raid followed by the name of the channel. All right. Well, let's go here. Yes. Yes. It. I haven't told everybody's chats. I think that's his channel. Maybe. So. Katie. And So. Katie. And. See if the magic happens. Raid. Camp. Raid has been created. Oh, that's exciting. And. Raid now. Now. And we will stop the live because Twitch all went over to hit some. Let me end this broadcast and thank you everybody else for joining. Exciting to read.
So. Katie. And. See if the magic happens. Raid. Camp. Raid has been created. Oh, that's exciting. And. Raid now. Now. And we will stop the live because Twitch all went over to hit some. Let me end this broadcast and thank you everybody else for joining. Exciting to read.