Hello, hello beautiful humans. Welcome back to the collab with Borderless Dev and Taylor is the real name, not just Borderless Dev of the Twitter names. I am like half asleep this morning if anybody was wondering which Taylor is currently across the world So, why do who I was just talking to, they were in France and like wide awake, you know, it's the afternoon evening there and I'm like I'm struggling just waking up. We're being the image of you know being later in the day we got to the right time zone shift. Yes, yes
So, why do who I was just talking to, they were in France and like wide awake, you know, it's the afternoon evening there and I'm like I'm struggling just waking up. We're being the image of you know being later in the day we got to the right time zone shift. Yes, yes Yes, yes. Well, thank you again for joining Teach Gen Tech and distribute aid and letting us tinker around and learn so much while doing this together because not everybody has seen previous streams with you in Rume Mone. Can you give us the download of what distribute aid is? Totally
Yes, yes. Well, thank you again for joining Teach Gen Tech and distribute aid and letting us tinker around and learn so much while doing this together because not everybody has seen previous streams with you in Rume Mone. Can you give us the download of what distribute aid is? Totally Hey, everyone, it's great to meet you. I'm Taylor, the ham Borderless Dev on Twitter. So, Distributed is the world's largest grassroots humanitarian aid supply chain
Hey, everyone, it's great to meet you. I'm Taylor, the ham Borderless Dev on Twitter. So, Distributed is the world's largest grassroots humanitarian aid supply chain We work with over 140 small informal organizations, charities, community groups to help them collect aid, ship that aid to frontline organizations, get it, you know, parceled out to where it's needed to go and then those frontline organizations will distribute it
We work with over 140 small informal organizations, charities, community groups to help them collect aid, ship that aid to frontline organizations, get it, you know, parceled out to where it's needed to go and then those frontline organizations will distribute it We also work with large kind of global freight forwarders and large companies who want to make in kind donations, but our heart and soul is that grassroots community
We also work with large kind of global freight forwarders and large companies who want to make in kind donations, but our heart and soul is that grassroots community The idea is can we make the complex global supply chain stuff easy for community groups and connects communities around the world through this physical supply chain with the focus on just everyday people helping everyday people. Cool. Thanks so much for showing off our stuff
The idea is can we make the complex global supply chain stuff easy for community groups and connects communities around the world through this physical supply chain with the focus on just everyday people helping everyday people. Cool. Thanks so much for showing off our stuff That's our landing site, which we're going to be hacking on. You can see some of our work right there, but one of the big problems we have is like, we do so much work. We shipped $14.7 million worth of aid over the past 12 months. And we want to make that visible. We want to make that accessible
That's our landing site, which we're going to be hacking on. You can see some of our work right there, but one of the big problems we have is like, we do so much work. We shipped $14.7 million worth of aid over the past 12 months. And we want to make that visible. We want to make that accessible We're doing all this great work. We want to show it off on our landing site, make it easier for people to tap in. You know, to the distributed network. And you know, kind of like show all this great community-driven work to show people that it's possible
We're doing all this great work. We want to show it off on our landing site, make it easier for people to tap in. You know, to the distributed network. And you know, kind of like show all this great community-driven work to show people that it's possible And that they too can collect aid or distribute aid in their communities or ship it abroad to respond to a crisis in the country they care about overseas. We don't need anyone's permission to help out
And that they too can collect aid or distribute aid in their communities or ship it abroad to respond to a crisis in the country they care about overseas. We don't need anyone's permission to help out And I love that you break it down to being a very, very consumable way of not only what distribute aid does, but also on like since we've been collaborating together and also with Ramon of learning the process of distributing or contributing, coming distributing now contributing to open source
And I love that you break it down to being a very, very consumable way of not only what distribute aid does, but also on like since we've been collaborating together and also with Ramon of learning the process of distributing or contributing, coming distributing now contributing to open source Now, quick question, because I've been, I know we met talked about this a little bit last week. How would you, and hello, Noel, I do see you. I'm just like deep into the thought process
Now, quick question, because I've been, I know we met talked about this a little bit last week. How would you, and hello, Noel, I do see you. I'm just like deep into the thought process How would you explain what supply chain is and a bit about like, if people like, so this is my concept of it is you grab some stuff and you give it to a community and you are a company and they distribute it everywhere. Now, I guess I don't see like the how this like will break down
How would you explain what supply chain is and a bit about like, if people like, so this is my concept of it is you grab some stuff and you give it to a community and you are a company and they distribute it everywhere. Now, I guess I don't see like the how this like will break down And what up, Huxi, Huxil, Huxi, Huxil, you know, work on saying your name and what up then. Well, I'm up everybody. Thanks for reading off the comments. I only have one monitor. So I can't see like the stream or anything. Yeah, it's great to see you on the channel
And what up, Huxi, Huxil, Huxi, Huxil, you know, work on saying your name and what up then. Well, I'm up everybody. Thanks for reading off the comments. I only have one monitor. So I can't see like the stream or anything. Yeah, it's great to see you on the channel By the way, as we're going through and doing the coding and stuff, y'all like I don't know everything. Gender not everything. We're here learning together. And so please like feel free, help us get on stock. You know, help us look up documentation. Let's make this a little bit more interactive
By the way, as we're going through and doing the coding and stuff, y'all like I don't know everything. Gender not everything. We're here learning together. And so please like feel free, help us get on stock. You know, help us look up documentation. Let's make this a little bit more interactive Not just a passive viewing experience contributions or what. Yes, that being said, please share with your friends to tell them to come watch the stream. I'm like, I don't know if I'm allowed to say that
Not just a passive viewing experience contributions or what. Yes, that being said, please share with your friends to tell them to come watch the stream. I'm like, I don't know if I'm allowed to say that Even if it's on mute in the back end, like in the background, because I got to get to three average streams. Like three people per average stream. And I'm like, why? Why? Why? Why? I don't know. I don't know. It's not like some switch or a word
Even if it's on mute in the back end, like in the background, because I got to get to three average streams. Like three people per average stream. And I'm like, why? Why? Why? Why? I don't know. I don't know. It's not like some switch or a word Well, it's like you can't become an affiliate without an affiliate is where you can do donations. And like I've had people reach out and be like, why can't I subscribe to your channel? I want to help, you know, your channel. And I'm like, me asking Ben a lot of questions yesterday of why not
Well, it's like you can't become an affiliate without an affiliate is where you can do donations. And like I've had people reach out and be like, why can't I subscribe to your channel? I want to help, you know, your channel. And I'm like, me asking Ben a lot of questions yesterday of why not So please share, even if they're watching in the background, that is cool. All right, back to you. What is supply chain? Right. What is supply chain? So I think like, let me, let me break it down with a real example for one of our regular routes
So please share, even if they're watching in the background, that is cool. All right, back to you. What is supply chain? Right. What is supply chain? So I think like, let me, let me break it down with a real example for one of our regular routes Right? So we're the team that kind of solved Brexit for sending aid between the United Kingdom and Northern France, which was disrupted. We had to work out and closely with French customs to, you know, it's supposed to be legal to import aid, tax-free, to these European countries
Right? So we're the team that kind of solved Brexit for sending aid between the United Kingdom and Northern France, which was disrupted. We had to work out and closely with French customs to, you know, it's supposed to be legal to import aid, tax-free, to these European countries If the process is actually in place or not is a different matter, you know, government says one thing does something else and so we have to kind of help them bridge that gap. So we've been running a truck every six weeks or so on this regular route
If the process is actually in place or not is a different matter, you know, government says one thing does something else and so we have to kind of help them bridge that gap. So we've been running a truck every six weeks or so on this regular route And what it looks like is, you know, start of the timeline. We got six weeks before we want it delivered. We take the needs data we've collected. That's actually powered by some of our open-source tech
And what it looks like is, you know, start of the timeline. We got six weeks before we want it delivered. We take the needs data we've collected. That's actually powered by some of our open-source tech We have these needs assessment surveys that project needs for, you know, a few months in the future. So like, hey, we're talking to groups. We hear about some needs. We're taking the data they give us and kind of pushing all that together
We have these needs assessment surveys that project needs for, you know, a few months in the future. So like, hey, we're talking to groups. We hear about some needs. We're taking the data they give us and kind of pushing all that together And we go advertise those needs to our community partners in the UK and potentially some in-kind donors that are on our radar things like that, right? They then make offers. So that's done through our landing site on the regular routes page. I'd love to upgrade this at some point right now
And we go advertise those needs to our community partners in the UK and potentially some in-kind donors that are on our radar things like that, right? They then make offers. So that's done through our landing site on the regular routes page. I'd love to upgrade this at some point right now It's just an Excel file. You download the Excel file. You fill it out. You submit it, right? And so it wouldn't that be great to kind of automate have, you know, native through the website or some other online tool. But yeah, we take the offers and we do a double confirmation step
It's just an Excel file. You download the Excel file. You fill it out. You submit it, right? And so it wouldn't that be great to kind of automate have, you know, native through the website or some other online tool. But yeah, we take the offers and we do a double confirmation step So we then present them to the frontline organization. So on average, you might have 10 groups making an offer. I think we have, you know, six or so partners in northern France. They get to choose the aid. This, this really makes sure that we never ship aid. That's not needed
So we then present them to the frontline organization. So on average, you might have 10 groups making an offer. I think we have, you know, six or so partners in northern France. They get to choose the aid. This, this really makes sure that we never ship aid. That's not needed That's not needed. We don't want to send trash. We don't want to send items that aren't in use soil that'll sit in the warehouse. Like, it's like, hey, what do you need for the next six weeks until the next truck? And then we'll do this all again
That's not needed. We don't want to send trash. We don't want to send items that aren't in use soil that'll sit in the warehouse. Like, it's like, hey, what do you need for the next six weeks until the next truck? And then we'll do this all again So I'm sure as we're just sending like what's needed is very high quality. And once that's, that takes about two weeks right there, right? So then we have four weeks now to go back to the sending groups and like, right, here is the aid that was selected. Please get that to the staging hub
So I'm sure as we're just sending like what's needed is very high quality. And once that's, that takes about two weeks right there, right? So then we have four weeks now to go back to the sending groups and like, right, here is the aid that was selected. Please get that to the staging hub We also start planning the shipment. So while these community organizations are doing a fan run or throwing stuff in there, you know, it's the end case. They don't have pickups
We also start planning the shipment. So while these community organizations are doing a fan run or throwing stuff in there, you know, it's the end case. They don't have pickups But Americans in the audience imagine throwing a bunch of boxes in the backyard pick up like doing a few runs at the staging hub. The warehousing folks we work with are another charity group. Sometimes we bring in volunteer teams from some of our partners to package those boxes up into pallets
But Americans in the audience imagine throwing a bunch of boxes in the backyard pick up like doing a few runs at the staging hub. The warehousing folks we work with are another charity group. Sometimes we bring in volunteer teams from some of our partners to package those boxes up into pallets I don't know. I think people are kind of familiar pallets. It's those wooden things. You put a bunch of boxes on them and then you surround them together
I don't know. I think people are kind of familiar pallets. It's those wooden things. You put a bunch of boxes on them and then you surround them together And we, you know, have the different, maybe if like some optimization so that, you know, we're palatizing stuff for a single receiving group, right? We can kind of plan that out because we have, we know where that aid is going
And we, you know, have the different, maybe if like some optimization so that, you know, we're palatizing stuff for a single receiving group, right? We can kind of plan that out because we have, we know where that aid is going The meantime, our logistics coordinators are working with very, very big global freight forwarders to book the actual trucking. You know, it's got to get here on this day. Here's the weight and the volume of the goods removing
The meantime, our logistics coordinators are working with very, very big global freight forwarders to book the actual trucking. You know, it's got to get here on this day. Here's the weight and the volume of the goods removing We're also working with export customs in the UK, import side customs in France and applying for tax exemption status
We're also working with export customs in the UK, import side customs in France and applying for tax exemption status Because this is all coming from people for free, going to people for free, you know, like it's humanitarian aid, right? So we don't want to, you know, have to charge our community partners more
Because this is all coming from people for free, going to people for free, you know, like it's humanitarian aid, right? So we don't want to, you know, have to charge our community partners more Give the government a cut when that's in government is, you know, violently evicting the people who are trying to serve. And it just makes sense, right? So there are lots of moving parts there
Give the government a cut when that's in government is, you know, violently evicting the people who are trying to serve. And it just makes sense, right? So there are lots of moving parts there But the basic idea is we work with all of these community groups on either end as this kind of bundling idea, right? That way we help these community groups scale up their efforts by working together in order to tap into the kind of shipping at scale to get efficient pricing, right
But the basic idea is we work with all of these community groups on either end as this kind of bundling idea, right? That way we help these community groups scale up their efforts by working together in order to tap into the kind of shipping at scale to get efficient pricing, right I think on that route, you know, it's probably about, if I had to guess right now, it's like 200 pounds, maybe 250 dollars to move a pallet of aid if you take a personal in your car or in your van or something
I think on that route, you know, it's probably about, if I had to guess right now, it's like 200 pounds, maybe 250 dollars to move a pallet of aid if you take a personal in your car or in your van or something Not some people shouldn't do that. It's important to like have connections and, you know, visit the folks who are supporting one small while. You don't need to do that every month, right? For us, we charge right now 75 pounds
Not some people shouldn't do that. It's important to like have connections and, you know, visit the folks who are supporting one small while. You don't need to do that every month, right? For us, we charge right now 75 pounds It's about a hundred dollars per pallet, right? So we're cutting those costs in half. We're also doing this regularly, right? So that means that the frontline groups know, hey, the next distributed truck is coming in six weeks. It takes a lot of pressure off of them
It's about a hundred dollars per pallet, right? So we're cutting those costs in half. We're also doing this regularly, right? So that means that the frontline groups know, hey, the next distributed truck is coming in six weeks. It takes a lot of pressure off of them And when that truck arrives, we drop off some pallets, you know, at one of the hubs, which is then those pallets are split up and get to the local groups there. And then we have a second hub. The truck goes a little bit further, drops it off for the groups over there. Does that make sense? It does
And when that truck arrives, we drop off some pallets, you know, at one of the hubs, which is then those pallets are split up and get to the local groups there. And then we have a second hub. The truck goes a little bit further, drops it off for the groups over there. Does that make sense? It does All the different pieces and yes. And I'm going to now, I don't know if you can do this post, but I'm going to go do a best practice that Ben was doing of like make a clip out of that. Because I think the way you explain that was super dope
All the different pieces and yes. And I'm going to now, I don't know if you can do this post, but I'm going to go do a best practice that Ben was doing of like make a clip out of that. Because I think the way you explain that was super dope And it's something that you can reuse, but we'll see if Twitch does that. I don't know yet. And what up, Anthony? Ambikari. Yay. So many more people. And they shared out to get more followers on here or like streamers because I need people watching it
And it's something that you can reuse, but we'll see if Twitch does that. I don't know yet. And what up, Anthony? Ambikari. Yay. So many more people. And they shared out to get more followers on here or like streamers because I need people watching it Now we got the background on it, which has been some curiosity questions that I've had. So thank you, Anthony. I didn't mean in Twitch though. So you are on that is good. That is to get stream yard makes YouTube happy. I'm saying it because like I'm almost to that like affiliate level
Now we got the background on it, which has been some curiosity questions that I've had. So thank you, Anthony. I didn't mean in Twitch though. So you are on that is good. That is to get stream yard makes YouTube happy. I'm saying it because like I'm almost to that like affiliate level All I need is like three average viewers per episode and I'm at like 2.5. And I think I hit 50 followers. I'm not sure yet. But that's a story for another time. So I do appreciate everybody sharing that out
All I need is like three average viewers per episode and I'm at like 2.5. And I think I hit 50 followers. I'm not sure yet. But that's a story for another time. So I do appreciate everybody sharing that out And I will see if I can remember how we got around on getting everything set up and see if I can like explain this while as I go. All right. Okay. Oh, I'm a little nervous little excited. So we'll see
And I will see if I can remember how we got around on getting everything set up and see if I can like explain this while as I go. All right. Okay. Oh, I'm a little nervous little excited. So we'll see So we'll see. So as Taylor explained what distributed is, there are a lot of different people within the organization that need to have access and make changes to the website
So we'll see. So as Taylor explained what distributed is, there are a lot of different people within the organization that need to have access and make changes to the website Yet the marketing site yet it can be a bit too complex for people that don't know how to code or don't understand it very well. So the goal of what we're working on is to make a template page. So I mentioned that before I go over to GitHub because I'm like, okay, cool
Yet the marketing site yet it can be a bit too complex for people that don't know how to code or don't understand it very well. So the goal of what we're working on is to make a template page. So I mentioned that before I go over to GitHub because I'm like, okay, cool From a non coding point of view, I can comprehend that pretty easily. So I'm going to open a fancy new tab and go to GitHub. All right. So throughout the last two times that we streamed because this has become a long term collab. We have scroll down
From a non coding point of view, I can comprehend that pretty easily. So I'm going to open a fancy new tab and go to GitHub. All right. So throughout the last two times that we streamed because this has become a long term collab. We have scroll down We do have a really good read me here, which really describes like what we're using GitPod is what we use to be able to edit everything. But if you scroll down, if you really want to find this and point it out, where did the map go? Is it not in here anymore? The code base map. It should be there
We do have a really good read me here, which really describes like what we're using GitPod is what we use to be able to edit everything. But if you scroll down, if you really want to find this and point it out, where did the map go? Is it not in here anymore? The code base map. It should be there It should be there. I think the link you found was about code team apps. But if you scroll to the top, there's the... Oh, it's just on this. It made it look like it was just some random title. That's interesting. I might need to make that more accessible. Highlighting that it's a clickable. Yeah
It should be there. I think the link you found was about code team apps. But if you scroll to the top, there's the... Oh, it's just on this. It made it look like it was just some random title. That's interesting. I might need to make that more accessible. Highlighting that it's a clickable. Yeah Yeah. This one makes it go, okay, that's definitely a button. Where this one I... Is like a little banner or something. I don't even know if you can make that in Markdown. But to be that way, so I would think I'd know that
Yeah. This one makes it go, okay, that's definitely a button. Where this one I... Is like a little banner or something. I don't even know if you can make that in Markdown. But to be that way, so I would think I'd know that But so CodeC, okay, I need to remember to start doing this of command clicking stuff. So it does it. Yeah, it's a GitHub thing where they... The high speed bankers. Yeah. Yeah, I was looking into this one because it should be able to show you the CodeC map without needing a CodeC login
But so CodeC, okay, I need to remember to start doing this of command clicking stuff. So it does it. Yeah, it's a GitHub thing where they... The high speed bankers. Yeah. Yeah, I was looking into this one because it should be able to show you the CodeC map without needing a CodeC login So I was trying to make it more accessible that way. We set that up a while ago before we had the distributed like team account on CodeC. So yeah, it might need to make another bit easier there. Well, we don't necessarily need CodeC. We'll find it another day
So I was trying to make it more accessible that way. We set that up a while ago before we had the distributed like team account on CodeC. So yeah, it might need to make another bit easier there. Well, we don't necessarily need CodeC. We'll find it another day There's other CodeC stuff like in the issue, for example, there's a CodeC map in the issue. Yeah. Cool. Then we'll go look at take a look at that one. And Hoxiel said, yeah, it does kind of look like a badge
There's other CodeC stuff like in the issue, for example, there's a CodeC map in the issue. Yeah. Cool. Then we'll go look at take a look at that one. And Hoxiel said, yeah, it does kind of look like a badge And Anthony said, by the way, Taylor, I don't know if you're looking for a payments solution, but my friend runs a startup focus around taking donations for nonprofits. That's awesome. We are looking for donations. You can go to distributed.org slash donate
And Anthony said, by the way, Taylor, I don't know if you're looking for a payments solution, but my friend runs a startup focus around taking donations for nonprofits. That's awesome. We are looking for donations. You can go to distributed.org slash donateorg slash donate. We currently use Open Collective for US donations and Patreon are a bank transfer for international donations. So website donate. Yeah, you got all the different channels right there. Yeah, I mean, I'm always interested in talking to startup people
org slash donate. We currently use Open Collective for US donations and Patreon are a bank transfer for international donations. So website donate. Yeah, you got all the different channels right there. Yeah, I mean, I'm always interested in talking to startup people So like, please send me a DM on Twitter. I'm at Borderless underscore dev and point out their startup. I'll definitely check them out. But it's something that, we also have other channels for. I don't want to make any promises here. I'm on stream. I'm in the hot seat right? I'm live right now
So like, please send me a DM on Twitter. I'm at Borderless underscore dev and point out their startup. I'll definitely check them out. But it's something that, we also have other channels for. I don't want to make any promises here. I'm on stream. I'm in the hot seat right? I'm live right now I get it. I get it. You're like, maybe, you never know. But I do think it's cool. They said, they said, and they need you're like, they. Anthony said, okay, they might be able to help with bank transfers, which I think is pretty cool because like the world of FinTech is just so expansive
I get it. I get it. You're like, maybe, you never know. But I do think it's cool. They said, they said, and they need you're like, they. Anthony said, okay, they might be able to help with bank transfers, which I think is pretty cool because like the world of FinTech is just so expansive I found, I found another Genod on LinkedIn. And I was just like, you're a Genod. I've never seen a Genod in the wild. So I added him on LinkedIn. And he's like a CTO for a bank, like a startup bank. And I'm like, this is cool. FinTech is just so fun
I found, I found another Genod on LinkedIn. And I was just like, you're a Genod. I've never seen a Genod in the wild. So I added him on LinkedIn. And he's like a CTO for a bank, like a startup bank. And I'm like, this is cool. FinTech is just so fun And so, like, oh, I also have a really fun time of asking people from a stripe, why are they so square? That's really funny because I have a friend who worked at Square. Who is an amazing friend, but also kind of square. Yeah. Luckily, the guy who is cool with it
And so, like, oh, I also have a really fun time of asking people from a stripe, why are they so square? That's really funny because I have a friend who worked at Square. Who is an amazing friend, but also kind of square. Yeah. Luckily, the guy who is cool with it So we went through the code, me we're going to the issues. So I have like this issue that I slightly blame Taylor because he made a giant issue. That's how you get someone hooked and then key a little more to keep contributing to, right? So, let's see if this code see works
So we went through the code, me we're going to the issues. So I have like this issue that I slightly blame Taylor because he made a giant issue. That's how you get someone hooked and then key a little more to keep contributing to, right? So, let's see if this code see works Yes, it might be the shorter way to kind of try to explain what we're doing here. Yay. We have the tour and everything. But Carrey said dad jokes coming through strong. If anybody wants to share dad jokes or puns with me, like, please tag me because I find them freaking hilarious
Yes, it might be the shorter way to kind of try to explain what we're doing here. Yay. We have the tour and everything. But Carrey said dad jokes coming through strong. If anybody wants to share dad jokes or puns with me, like, please tag me because I find them freaking hilarious And Ben said, my pastoral was wet them for a bank and man, I wanted to get out. I wanted out of anything to do with banking financing regulations. Dude, our last API Denver meetup was sponsored by JP Morgan and like, they were like, there's so many regulations. Yeah. Yeah
And Ben said, my pastoral was wet them for a bank and man, I wanted to get out. I wanted out of anything to do with banking financing regulations. Dude, our last API Denver meetup was sponsored by JP Morgan and like, they were like, there's so many regulations. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's like supply chains, but there's a lot of things that you're supposed to do in supply chains. How to small like suggestions or best practices. It's kind of amazing that anything actually ends up on the grocery store shelves. That is crazy
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's like supply chains, but there's a lot of things that you're supposed to do in supply chains. How to small like suggestions or best practices. It's kind of amazing that anything actually ends up on the grocery store shelves. That is crazy That is crazy. And Anthony said that he's reading a book about the life of Henry Ford. And it's like, that's very interesting. It's a, no, that's a dad joke right there. It's an auto biography. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, sometimes they do go over my head. I will say that. I will say that
That is crazy. And Anthony said that he's reading a book about the life of Henry Ford. And it's like, that's very interesting. It's a, no, that's a dad joke right there. It's an auto biography. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, sometimes they do go over my head. I will say that. I will say that I will say that. Although yesterday, Anthony said on his livestream that he's got to stay and that one was just making me laugh really hard when he shared the video. Anyway, anyway, to focus back on, let me make this bigger too
I will say that. Although yesterday, Anthony said on his livestream that he's got to stay and that one was just making me laugh really hard when he shared the video. Anyway, anyway, to focus back on, let me make this bigger too So let's see if I also remember, remember this is so Coatsy is where they kind of show you like what it looks like in a graph or like a mind map kind of view instead of the file formats. Yeah
So let's see if I also remember, remember this is so Coatsy is where they kind of show you like what it looks like in a graph or like a mind map kind of view instead of the file formats. Yeah Yeah. Which is like the dependencies between things rather than just here's this folder and you don't know how files relate to each other and stuff. So these are all files outside of the source folder. And then you have like pages
Yeah. Which is like the dependencies between things rather than just here's this folder and you don't know how files relate to each other and stuff. So these are all files outside of the source folder. And then you have like pages And so if I follow this right source, then pages, then layouts, so layouts is within pages. All those files are within source. So it's source slash pages, source slash layouts. But if you click on pages right there, it'll show you that there's some, oh, is it not? Yeah
And so if I follow this right source, then pages, then layouts, so layouts is within pages. All those files are within source. So it's source slash pages, source slash layouts. But if you click on pages right there, it'll show you that there's some, oh, is it not? Yeah It'll show you that that there are files in pages like there are different pages that you know call out to layouts, right? Which makes a lot of sense
It'll show you that that there are files in pages like there are different pages that you know call out to layouts, right? Which makes a lot of sense Like we set up when we are coding this kind of generic page, we use the simple layout, right? So it's telling you, hey, some of the files in the pages folder are using layouts or components or other things
Like we set up when we are coding this kind of generic page, we use the simple layout, right? So it's telling you, hey, some of the files in the pages folder are using layouts or components or other things I think this is a really great way for newbies to get started if they're and why I really like the idea of working with distribute aid and learning open source because this is like a way to build that mental map of how things are going
I think this is a really great way for newbies to get started if they're and why I really like the idea of working with distribute aid and learning open source because this is like a way to build that mental map of how things are going Another couple, another open source that we'll be having on the show to talk about is going to be open sauce with B. Duggy. And thank you, Anthony. He did reply. So we have him booked on the show. So he'll be coming on later this month
Another couple, another open source that we'll be having on the show to talk about is going to be open sauce with B. Duggy. And thank you, Anthony. He did reply. So we have him booked on the show. So he'll be coming on later this month And I like seeing how different open sources are very similar yet so different. So all right. So going back to our wonderful, wonderful, very giant thing to do. Sorry, sorry, just put a funny joke. You know what? I know my coding well on a boat. Too many dependencies. I like it
And I like seeing how different open sources are very similar yet so different. So all right. So going back to our wonderful, wonderful, very giant thing to do. Sorry, sorry, just put a funny joke. You know what? I know my coding well on a boat. Too many dependencies. I like it I like it. This just seems to be what we do on all the live streams is funny jokes. All right. So this is the absolute giant thing to do
I like it. This just seems to be what we do on all the live streams is funny jokes. All right. So this is the absolute giant thing to do And I'm scrolling down to the bottom just because I am trying to do like a quicker recap of when these issues are made, mattering on the open source, you may want to see if you can be assigned it. It really does matter. Look at the read me. Reach out to the organizer of the Yeah, the maintainer
And I'm scrolling down to the bottom just because I am trying to do like a quicker recap of when these issues are made, mattering on the open source, you may want to see if you can be assigned it. It really does matter. Look at the read me. Reach out to the organizer of the Yeah, the maintainer Yeah. So I look through the issues. And if you feel like you want to tackle something, just leave a comment. It's like, hey, hello, I think I want to try my hand at this. And they can assign you to the issue to communicate to folks like you're actively working on it
Yeah. So I look through the issues. And if you feel like you want to tackle something, just leave a comment. It's like, hey, hello, I think I want to try my hand at this. And they can assign you to the issue to communicate to folks like you're actively working on it And yeah, I think have that conversation around the issue. For sure. And I do want to point out something that I think is a really, really cool best practice on that's on open source to end on this one is you can see if it's a bug or help wanted or like when they're tagged
And yeah, I think have that conversation around the issue. For sure. And I do want to point out something that I think is a really, really cool best practice on that's on open source to end on this one is you can see if it's a bug or help wanted or like when they're tagged This is a really cool way of doing it as well as you can see who is assigned to it. Any comments? Y'all I don't know what that was for a while. So all right. So I go to this is where I'm going to eat a little if he pull request create page template, which is mine. Yeah. Hey, Coatsy map
This is a really cool way of doing it as well as you can see who is assigned to it. Any comments? Y'all I don't know what that was for a while. So all right. So I go to this is where I'm going to eat a little if he pull request create page template, which is mine. Yeah. Hey, Coatsy map Hey, Coatsy map. So these are the changes. Yeah. Yeah. This is one of the dip maps. So you have your work and progress or kind of draft pull request, which is great. I highly recommend that
Hey, Coatsy map. So these are the changes. Yeah. Yeah. This is one of the dip maps. So you have your work and progress or kind of draft pull request, which is great. I highly recommend that Y'all like make your first commit on a branch, push it up and on GitHub, you could make a draft pull request on GitLab, you can make a work and progress pull request. This gets your code that you're working on
Y'all like make your first commit on a branch, push it up and on GitHub, you could make a draft pull request on GitLab, you can make a work and progress pull request. This gets your code that you're working on You don't have to do everything by yourself, right? Get it out there early so you can ask for feedback, you can ask questions, you know, this gives you a space to share your work while you're still adding to that pull request and communicate with other people involved in the project
You don't have to do everything by yourself, right? Get it out there early so you can ask for feedback, you can ask questions, you know, this gives you a space to share your work while you're still adding to that pull request and communicate with other people involved in the project I remember when I was when I was like still learning how to code, I'd want to have everything perfect and you know, have my you know, perfect little like series of commits that solves the issue before sharing it
I remember when I was when I was like still learning how to code, I'd want to have everything perfect and you know, have my you know, perfect little like series of commits that solves the issue before sharing it But that just meant I spent a lot of time buying myself, right? Which limited the amount that I could learn, you know, or I had printed issues that I could manage and then kind of gave up
But that just meant I spent a lot of time buying myself, right? Which limited the amount that I could learn, you know, or I had printed issues that I could manage and then kind of gave up So don't be afraid to push it up there early and just market as a draft so people know not to market, it's not ready to emerge in yet. And I feel like I need to ask more questions about that eventually at the moment, like what you're saying makes sense, but it doesn't make sense
So don't be afraid to push it up there early and just market as a draft so people know not to market, it's not ready to emerge in yet. And I feel like I need to ask more questions about that eventually at the moment, like what you're saying makes sense, but it doesn't make sense This is like the weird thing about tech is it's like it's so simple yet. Why does it not make sense? And Ben just shared that he's never seen used code C before and it is really cool. I clicked on another one without reading it seriously
This is like the weird thing about tech is it's like it's so simple yet. Why does it not make sense? And Ben just shared that he's never seen used code C before and it is really cool. I clicked on another one without reading it seriously Time and again, I rediscovered how important it is to open the pull request early and get early feedback. Yeah. All right. So I am slowly looking for how to get into not code C, but the other one that we were using. Yeah. How would I get in the read me there? Okay
Time and again, I rediscovered how important it is to open the pull request early and get early feedback. Yeah. All right. So I am slowly looking for how to get into not code C, but the other one that we were using. Yeah. How would I get in the read me there? Okay So is there read me the only place you can get to get pod from? I think so. Yeah. So that's usually when the remun and I do it, we open the get pod and then kind of dive into the issues and the pull request and stuff. It could be cool
So is there read me the only place you can get to get pod from? I think so. Yeah. So that's usually when the remun and I do it, we open the get pod and then kind of dive into the issues and the pull request and stuff. It could be cool It could be cool. I don't know if this is a part of the setup if they do it, but it could be cool if they like had something in here of when you create a PR that it puts the link in there because now I'm like, okay, let me not lose where I was. Yeah, I feel yeah. Yeah
It could be cool. I don't know if this is a part of the setup if they do it, but it could be cool if they like had something in here of when you create a PR that it puts the link in there because now I'm like, okay, let me not lose where I was. Yeah, I feel yeah. Yeah Yeah. But we now know that this is not a banner, it is a button. Right. Yeah. We got to get a source up there. We got to fix the link so I logged in. And I just clicked. You did it from the issue. Remember the read me one like requires you to be logged in to like I code. Right. Distributed
Yeah. But we now know that this is not a banner, it is a button. Right. Yeah. We got to get a source up there. We got to fix the link so I logged in. And I just clicked. You did it from the issue. Remember the read me one like requires you to be logged in to like I code. Right. Distributed Right. Distributed. It's kind of like it's not shared publicly, which is an issue. I'm trying to. Oh, yeah. Okay. That's what I did. There we go. Okay. There we go. Yeah. I can continue with get
Right. Distributed. It's kind of like it's not shared publicly, which is an issue. I'm trying to. Oh, yeah. Okay. That's what I did. There we go. Okay. There we go. Yeah. I can continue with get If anyone wants to know something really funny on my like second stream or third stream, Anthony, I don't remember which one it was. I set up my get hub account, but I didn't know the log. And I didn't know we were going to beat it. So I'm like, like live streaming going, I don't, I don't remember
If anyone wants to know something really funny on my like second stream or third stream, Anthony, I don't remember which one it was. I set up my get hub account, but I didn't know the log. And I didn't know we were going to beat it. So I'm like, like live streaming going, I don't, I don't remember I don't know. Oh my gosh. Anyway. Second, yes. One of the really cool parts about like doing this live is it's a lot easier for people to pick up kind of like where you were. But then also, what does that look so weird? Looks like the styles didn't load. I might give it a refresh real quick. Okay
I don't know. Oh my gosh. Anyway. Second, yes. One of the really cool parts about like doing this live is it's a lot easier for people to pick up kind of like where you were. But then also, what does that look so weird? Looks like the styles didn't load. I might give it a refresh real quick. Okay Okay. There we go. There we go. Yay. But also when you started taking over at the end of our last stream, Taylor, it was really cool watching him like do stuff actually fast compared to me working on something. So from here, okay, I know I need my terminal. I need to open my, my PR. Yeah
Okay. There we go. There we go. Yay. But also when you started taking over at the end of our last stream, Taylor, it was really cool watching him like do stuff actually fast compared to me working on something. So from here, okay, I know I need my terminal. I need to open my, my PR. Yeah Yeah. That's a thing. I don't remember the how to do that. That's okay. So let's go take a look at the PR real quick, because I don't want to just give you the answer. I want to show you how you can find that for yourself. Like you're, you have a PR you're working on
Yeah. That's a thing. I don't remember the how to do that. That's okay. So let's go take a look at the PR real quick, because I don't want to just give you the answer. I want to show you how you can find that for yourself. Like you're, you have a PR you're working on There's like something about the PR that we need to to open on, on get, right? There we go. Yep. So that's the, the branch is what that's called, right? Get has this series. It was like the, the main branch, which in our case is called saga
There's like something about the PR that we need to to open on, on get, right? There we go. Yep. So that's the, the branch is what that's called, right? Get has this series. It was like the, the main branch, which in our case is called saga And then you can kind of create different branches and make commits onto them. Would it be the same like file folder structure of going from like CD to change it? Or is it something else to change branches? Almost
And then you can kind of create different branches and make commits onto them. Would it be the same like file folder structure of going from like CD to change it? Or is it something else to change branches? Almost So you're going to use a git command, right? Because the branches aren't like in the file system, they kind of change the file system. They're like different versions of it. So you want to do, git, space, checkout, space, and then the branch name
So you're going to use a git command, right? Because the branches aren't like in the file system, they kind of change the file system. They're like different versions of it. So you want to do, git, space, checkout, space, and then the branch name If you just start typing 5, 23, or whatever, you can also tab to auto complete. I can't, I can't be good. Okay, let me go back. I thought I can't, you need me need me need me. Gabby. Yes. Paste. Let's see. Yay. And Anthony just said, I should reach out to Pauline from GitPod. That would be cool
If you just start typing 5, 23, or whatever, you can also tab to auto complete. I can't, I can't be good. Okay, let me go back. I thought I can't, you need me need me need me. Gabby. Yes. Paste. Let's see. Yay. And Anthony just said, I should reach out to Pauline from GitPod. That would be cool That would be cool. Yep. That would be really cool. Okay. Yes. And for everyone to go follow Pauline and I will follow up and go follow Pauline as well. All right. So we have it in the terminal now that now we can go into the files and go look at things. Exactly. Yep
That would be cool. Yep. That would be really cool. Okay. Yes. And for everyone to go follow Pauline and I will follow up and go follow Pauline as well. All right. So we have it in the terminal now that now we can go into the files and go look at things. Exactly. Yep Exactly. Yep. So now you're on your branch, you know, where you were working on this stuff. Pages. And then we made, it was in pages, right, that we made the out page template. Yep. There we go. All right. And yeah, we can move these. So just so the audience knows our approach here
Exactly. Yep. So now you're on your branch, you know, where you were working on this stuff. Pages. And then we made, it was in pages, right, that we made the out page template. Yep. There we go. All right. And yeah, we can move these. So just so the audience knows our approach here We're kind of working front to back. So we're starting by hard coding content on the page, doing some styling, right
We're kind of working front to back. So we're starting by hard coding content on the page, doing some styling, right And then we'll continuously refactor that out our goal list to end up with these sections, which determine the layout of different parts of the page and content blocks in those sections
And then we'll continuously refactor that out our goal list to end up with these sections, which determine the layout of different parts of the page and content blocks in those sections And that way in our content management system, we can imagine our admin or ops folks saying, like, cool, I have a page I want, you know, a center section with a text content block. And then I want to side by side to column section with more text and image, right
And that way in our content management system, we can imagine our admin or ops folks saying, like, cool, I have a page I want, you know, a center section with a text content block. And then I want to side by side to column section with more text and image, right And then I want a grid with a couple of different visualizations or photos or something. And if, you know, if we give them the building blocks like the Lego's, they can put the page together dynamically without having to ask us to kind of do all that stitching. Okay
And then I want a grid with a couple of different visualizations or photos or something. And if, you know, if we give them the building blocks like the Lego's, they can put the page together dynamically without having to ask us to kind of do all that stitching. Okay Okay. I'm just excited that this is day two of people mentioning Legos at one of these live streams. I'm just going to be playing with Legos. All right. So I remember what we did was we kind of copy and pasted one of the pages for my own visualization
Okay. I'm just excited that this is day two of people mentioning Legos at one of these live streams. I'm just going to be playing with Legos. All right. So I remember what we did was we kind of copy and pasted one of the pages for my own visualization I was like, what page do I want to choose? So when we were going through this and choosing which page to copy the code from, we decided on code of conduct and work from there
I was like, what page do I want to choose? So when we were going through this and choosing which page to copy the code from, we decided on code of conduct and work from there And this was, it was really helpful for me since I'm not 100% in the coding area yet, like mind-wise, to see it visually then to be able to go to this. And I just realized this is over here. I should move it to another screen. Yeah, I'll don't need to see that. Not that I care, but all right
And this was, it was really helpful for me since I'm not 100% in the coding area yet, like mind-wise, to see it visually then to be able to go to this. And I just realized this is over here. I should move it to another screen. Yeah, I'll don't need to see that. Not that I care, but all right So on that note, why don't we go ahead and open up this page so we can see our work so far on the browser, right? And that was this, right? I think no, no, no, no. Okay, I can't see because I need to really pay attention to this corner. I thought it was clicking the page. I thought it was
So on that note, why don't we go ahead and open up this page so we can see our work so far on the browser, right? And that was this, right? I think no, no, no, no. Okay, I can't see because I need to really pay attention to this corner. I thought it was clicking the page. I thought it was I thought it was. Yeah, I remember you clicked that maybe. Oh, it's the glove. There we go. Very cool. So now you'll need to navigate to the page. We're not linking to it anywhere yet. So you just want to do that directly. Oh, weird. I thought it did it last time. No, no, no, no, it's you're right
I thought it was. Yeah, I remember you clicked that maybe. Oh, it's the glove. There we go. Very cool. So now you'll need to navigate to the page. We're not linking to it anywhere yet. So you just want to do that directly. Oh, weird. I thought it did it last time. No, no, no, no, it's you're right You just need to add slash page, dash template there, right? Yeah, I just thought it did it last time by itself. Hmm. There we go. So that's where we left it off. We had two different content sections. The first one is that centered one. The next one is a two column side by side
You just need to add slash page, dash template there, right? Yeah, I just thought it did it last time by itself. Hmm. There we go. So that's where we left it off. We had two different content sections. The first one is that centered one. The next one is a two column side by side And we have three different types of content blocks. There's a YouTube embed. There's a markdown paragraph and there's an image. So this is this is already making some decent progress here
And we have three different types of content blocks. There's a YouTube embed. There's a markdown paragraph and there's an image. So this is this is already making some decent progress here I feel like something that could be cool is we have what I added on there just to see if we got text on screen of Hello Beautiful Humans. So request to figure it out really quick would be just to censure that and make it a header. Totally, totally
I feel like something that could be cool is we have what I added on there just to see if we got text on screen of Hello Beautiful Humans. So request to figure it out really quick would be just to censure that and make it a header. Totally, totally Totally, totally. So let's have that be another type of content section, content block, right? So let's take a look at this right now. It's just an H1 there. Yeah. What did H1 show as a header and it's not showing us a header? It looks like small times. It does
Totally, totally. So let's have that be another type of content section, content block, right? So let's take a look at this right now. It's just an H1 there. Yeah. What did H1 show as a header and it's not showing us a header? It looks like small times. It does It does. So tail ends, the strategy tail end uses is to basically remove all of the default browser styles because it wants you to explicitly choose those and style those here. Yeah. So if I then let's see this to copy like your formatting. Mm-hmm
It does. So tail ends, the strategy tail end uses is to basically remove all of the default browser styles because it wants you to explicitly choose those and style those here. Yeah. So if I then let's see this to copy like your formatting. Mm-hmm Mm-hmm. And maybe let's do single content but let's let's try to have it left aligns just to add some variety in there. So single content left aligned. Yeah
Mm-hmm. And maybe let's do single content but let's let's try to have it left aligns just to add some variety in there. So single content left aligned. Yeah Yeah. That way the header will be kind of on the left hand side here and then you know it can have center grid can have side by side things like that. So and I think this is something that I asked you last time. So please help with the refresher of without in for everybody watching right now
Yeah. That way the header will be kind of on the left hand side here and then you know it can have center grid can have side by side things like that. So and I think this is something that I asked you last time. So please help with the refresher of without in for everybody watching right now I think this is a great way. I'm curious how y'all do it too. How do you know what language you're looking at without if you're not looking at an import or anything
I think this is a great way. I'm curious how y'all do it too. How do you know what language you're looking at without if you're not looking at an import or anything Is your just things that you see that you're like this is tailwind or this is type scripts or Python or I don't know I'm just throwing out a lot of stuff now. Totally. For me I think for something like tailwind that's a lot harder. What I'd usually look at is the readme or maybe the package
Is your just things that you see that you're like this is tailwind or this is type scripts or Python or I don't know I'm just throwing out a lot of stuff now. Totally. For me I think for something like tailwind that's a lot harder. What I'd usually look at is the readme or maybe the packagejson to see what sort of style we're including
json to see what sort of style we're including The reason that's harder is because the only thing we'll see for tailwind is this class names but it could be you know if I wasn't quite sure what the tailwind class names were like it could be bootstrap it could be any other style library that uses a class name based system
The reason that's harder is because the only thing we'll see for tailwind is this class names but it could be you know if I wasn't quite sure what the tailwind class names were like it could be bootstrap it could be any other style library that uses a class name based system So I like looking at the readme hopefully developers left documentation there or at the package.json to see if I recognize you know one of the style frameworks I'm used to
So I like looking at the readme hopefully developers left documentation there or at the package.json to see if I recognize you know one of the style frameworks I'm used to For languages like type scripts or react I think those are a bit more obvious sometimes like this is not necessarily this looks like react to me right we have the JSX or in this case the TSX it's kind of making a component there's some JavaScript intermingled with the HTML looking stuff so to me I picked that up as react and and then for type script it's because of that weird additional syntax
For languages like type scripts or react I think those are a bit more obvious sometimes like this is not necessarily this looks like react to me right we have the JSX or in this case the TSX it's kind of making a component there's some JavaScript intermingled with the HTML looking stuff so to me I picked that up as react and and then for type script it's because of that weird additional syntax I pay attention to that. What is this colon Fc thing you know on some of the other files there's also like you know hey this is a string or this is something else which shows me that there's type information involved in it. I think the reliable way is like look at imports look at the package
I pay attention to that. What is this colon Fc thing you know on some of the other files there's also like you know hey this is a string or this is something else which shows me that there's type information involved in it. I think the reliable way is like look at imports look at the packagejson file to see what the projects including and we'll get the developer documentation you shouldn't you shouldn't have to guess right
json file to see what the projects including and we'll get the developer documentation you shouldn't you shouldn't have to guess right Okay and that's something that I am fully getting better at and here's some responses from our do you see audience viewers team friends our friends our beautiful humans listening y'all I don't know what to call you which is awesome so Anthony said tailwind is in the language it's a CSS library so that's a little different it's a dependency not the language and he appreciated that you shouted out the read me that is something Anthony has been working on getting me to create and to use which I am learning I am learning type script will also be in the package dot json so you'll have a ts and ts x file and then I'm going to skip one just so that way I can keep them in order
Okay and that's something that I am fully getting better at and here's some responses from our do you see audience viewers team friends our friends our beautiful humans listening y'all I don't know what to call you which is awesome so Anthony said tailwind is in the language it's a CSS library so that's a little different it's a dependency not the language and he appreciated that you shouted out the read me that is something Anthony has been working on getting me to create and to use which I am learning I am learning type script will also be in the package dot json so you'll have a ts and ts x file and then I'm going to skip one just so that way I can keep them in order React will also have j sx and ts x instead of js and ts hopefully redwoods kinds redwoods kind of bad at this all right and then hawks zeal said sin text for tailwind being so explicit is a good way to different different if you different differentiated thank you thank you yeah so that definitely works like if I see another project using tailwind and tailwinds kind of syntax style I'll pick up on that but if you if you don't know what tailwind is right and it was kind of like if you're more used to bootstrap or something else you might not be able to so that's where I think you know the reliable ways going back to that package that json file that read me and the imports and stuff sometimes yeah sweet and for responses of what to call the viewers is homies chat peeps hood mob can I say beautiful humans of the hood mob homies keeps we'll just like keep I know the sales person in me wants to call them future contributors right well everybody has been on the show so far except haxiel so they contributed to teach jentex so there you go wow viewer epitat proposal cowards all right so I know we don't have a ton of time here and I'm getting way too distracted in the chat because they're fun so we said that it's going to be single content left aligned and then because you said tailwind removes all of like the formatting I would then basically just go Google tailwind header yeah that's a good way or just the tailwind base styles like what is a header you're bumping up the font size you're making it bold you might have an underline or something like that right so yeah this is this is what they're saying where basically it's you know removing the styles for tailwind and stuff like that so let's think about how do we want to make our title stand out that's kind of the tailwind philosophy is like thinking about what you want for your you sites unique style looking feel and stuff and then UCSS to achieve that rather than taking something that's already opinionated right and and kind of modifying it yeah I'm also staring at this and especially where it says margin and padding I know this is giving around a bit but would this would we add margin and padding if we wanted to put on like between the right between these would that be margin and padding yeah definitely yeah that might be at the section level rather than the content level right we want to separate sections with each other and then and then the content you know sometimes we might need that sometimes might not but definitely probably margin for blank space between them padding would be important if we wanted to have the background color like if we added a background color or something wanted that to extend for the text right one is gonna fit between things one's kind of for within the inner content in the border of you know the wrapper there okay so I'm not seeing it in here itself which I know we have limited time so I might just ask you on this one how would I create this to be a left aligned totally so I think the first thing that we want to do here is we want to give it a quick wrapper right so let's look at that single content centered there's the section class name justify center right to me that sounds like we can do something similar there when instead of justify center maybe we do justify left right that's kind of our controlled and move it left or right using using flexbox here um um oh it just gave me the other I was like yeah well it's like where did that come from oh thank you for now perfect and then the other bit we have there is this div right so this div is controlling the uh the size so we probably want to copy that just for consistency sake um and wrap the h1 in that um and that way it'll it'll line up with the content boundaries that we've set for for the video and then other things and then close my div that was weird nice okay and I need to do some tabs because this is making it look really complicated perfect so that kind of sets out our layout there right the layout is going to say we want this you know in its own layer vertically right it's separate from the other content we want it on the left hand side it maybe if you're on a larger screen we don't want it to go all the way to the edges we want to set a max width there um so that's looking pretty good now we need to actually style the header so let's go ahead and add um class name to the header give ourselves some space and then we can go look up some tailwinds classes as well okay so we would add another class name or um yeah in the h1 tag you'd want to add the class name attribute we're not exactly sure what classes we need just yet but we know we're going to need to do you still want it to be h1 right you want the h1 tag and then add a space there and then this would be an attribute perfect purpose um exactly and uh Anthony said uh tailwind could be another topic on the show I completely agree so at some point anybody want to come talk about tailwind let's do this all right so we are going to look at h1 class names exactly so let's think like do do you want your header to be a larger font size yes now yes great so well I love about tailwind they have great documentation you get that quick search in the upper left let's go look at font size and see how to bump that font size up so there you have it um they have different kind of based font sizes you can make it you know Excel or something have it be kind of relative or you could choose um you know a specific a specific size I think there's some some pixel based ones how much bigger do we want our our h1 titles here like the page header title oh they didn't learn because uh we're doing stuff uh let's go back we can we can fix that real quick let's just go back to the get pod and I think you need to have the quotes after a class name equals um exactly perfect yay I would say it needs to be probably about 20 maybe 24 okay that's perfect so let's go back to uh tailwind font size there um and they give you kind of pixel indicators that's going to be text dash to excel so you should be able to just copy that class name there add it in on get pod give the page refresh and boom we've bumped up our font size oh there we go area and then so what else do we want to make it like what other styles come to mind font weight mm-hmm so what I have to do another class for that or can I use this in the same class you can use it in the same class name so the the class name here works just like you know class with normal html and CSS where you can specify multiple classes um yeah so is that like a comma and then putting it in the same um it's space still limited so if you just give it a space that's kind of how they they separate the stuff out there we go yay and then I would say the last thing that I want to do is um you said that it was a if I just want it to have more space around it what is that called again that's going to be margin if you just want more space around it we're not using a background color or something here we're trying to separate elements that's margin so oh add a margin to all sides and so tailing makes it easy if you just want vertical margins or horizontal or add margins everywhere um and if you scroll up it'll give you the kind of what the different sizes mean as well and those are like the examples here uh so I probably want like a n2 or n4 yep yeah let's try it out see how it looks maybe oh this is like so exciting being able to like actually see this like happen and we have four oh yay hey there we go this is way too exciting yeah I'm wondering just for testing purposes it might be nice if we could get the hello beautiful human to line up on that left hand side with the hour mission and maybe flip the video like stack the hour mission and the photo above the video just move those around so that we can we can check out some of that alignment um so let's start with switching the content sections that we have for the video and the side by side there let's just flip those on get part and now we can't change it to hello hideous human Anthony no no that's not something I say only like really mean evil people but even then I kind of struggle with it and documentation is the real MVP uh okay so we are going to take this in the knee knee knee knee knee knee knee knee and and above this in the knee you still want it in that simple layout though simple layout overlapping everything that's where you know that that layout kind of defines our header many when on our foot and stuff perfect and then I want to see how wait go here now side by side and and um justify center space 8x is that how you did it to match the um our mission yeah so it gets kind of weird right so basically the outer layer there the flexbox is like where am I putting these elements because I could put them anywhere right we're saying hey put them together in the center right um for the uh the that div that's where we're specifying how big they could be um so I'm not I'm not quite sure we might want to you know I want to think about how our layout works here um I'm writing myself notes too because I know we're going to run out of time soon and I'm like but I'm finally getting it I want to be able to do this later so who knows I've probably got a live stream at some point tomorrow now um so why yes y'all I'm writing on paper it's a thing that people used to do that's okay we use Excel a lot a lot it's the thing people used to do back in like the 80s and 90s I know there's not an app for what we do yet because we're trying to build the app for what we do you know them set yeah right and then um and then would it be a margin just because I'm taking notes for myself to work on it later would it be a margin around this section or would that yeah yeah I think if you want to separate like you see how that photo runs into the YouTube video yeah that to me says it's a layout issue right it's not the content that needs to kind of deal with that it's each section needs to provide some space between itself in the previous sections um so I would look at adding margin to the section so you might not need side margin maybe just need you know vertical margin right um exactly and I think the cool thing is yes I'm writing it here but I can actually put these notes in my issue yes that way I'm gonna move what I'm working on that yeah and I'd recommend using get hubs like checkbox features so it can be like add margin between sections and that way you can check it off when it's done to communicate to other people you know your progress as you're working your way through it um yeah because I think this would be really cool um I guess um just now that I'm starting to get the hang of it the other part that you wanted and I just want to make sure I understand it because it probably is in the text but I want to make sure I understand it is you wanted like two sections like our mission where the text is on the left and then do another section that says the text is on the right so that way they have either choice yeah that's kind of get interesting because we have a few options right we could say here's a section with a single piece of content and here's like a setting right is it left center right we could also say we want those as explicit sections um you know I think we got we got some options there um so that might get more into like when we refactor this out into reusable components you know for now I would say just set up examples we just want lots of different examples with different pieces of content and different layouts to know what we're looking at for our options right when we refactor it we can make some architectural decisions do we want to have this be a parameter you're feeding into the component or is this like a poor piece of the component itself interesting and just to check if it's possible before I go down this rabbit hole I think that's the other thing is if I wanted to change the header or change the class on here I would just make them two different areas like this one is an eight one with a class and then I would do like a paragraph with a class yes so the interesting thing for that text is it's from markdown so you're not really going to be able to change that um we've actually started to solve this issue on a different branch and folks this is exactly why we do draft pull requests so I found a library um to apply tailwind styles automatically to markdown content so instead of having to go in um you know because because you can see right there on line 35 like we don't have access to all of that markdown content right it's not written out as different HTML elements be very complicated for us to go in and kind of change how the markdown gets rendered and add class names based on different components this this um this uh kind of tailwind extension does it for us um so that might be something that we want to um actually merge some of that work into your branch before or maybe get it into saga and then pull it back to your branch um but what I'll say for now is don't worry too much about the the markdown content blocks specifically it's just good that we're actually rendering the markdown for now you can worry about like how is it spaced compared to other blocks like that side by side does it be more spaced you maybe want to have a vertical line between them providing some more visual as separation you know I think there's a lot of different stylistic directions you can go in on the layout side just don't don't go down a rabbit hole and I'm trying to style the markdown content because that's going to be pretty pretty tricky it was even too tricky for me I'm like no I'm gonna someone solve this problem I'm gonna include their stuff you know all right um I totally dig this like this is a a really cool project and I'm excited that it's one of my first projects um because it's it's definitely stuff that I I've talked to a couple back end developers and I'm like I like what they do and it's very like I'm curious about it but I'm like I like front end development because I'm like look it looks pretty I can make it look pretty I can go fix it in it where like back end in my mind at least I'm like oh so they're going to make it work spit out the data everything like that so it's definitely I like learning both but uh y'all I know I forget you want to make a quick commit and push it so we don't lose your progress right yes thank you for the reminder um okay I'm trying to think if I remember I don't because it was like we did it added a different order than I remember so it was like I walked through the proper order and then this is going to be a good one to write down because this is like a very regular you know lots of little commits and little checkpoints yes and um Anthony if you are still watching and listening FYI I did do my read me yesterday for um more Python I just forgot to update my read me so I can do that here all right so slowly it okay it is is it get command and um so so so let's not worry about like the get commands because those are actually fairly confusing I think people have a fair criticism of like get strange incantations what's the first thing that we want to do here right there's going to be like a series of steps we need to take to get this pushed on to your your work and progress branch um like maybe want to check like what changes have happened so far you know especially if you're working in multiple files and folders like what am I actually looking at here compared to when I started um yeah so that's what I and I like to do in case I accidentally it changed something else I don't want to include yet or something so it gets based status that just kind of gives you a status check like what's going on and so we can see the branch we're on makes sense we've changed one file also makes sense so now we need to take a look at our changes we need to add those changes in you can you don't have to commit everything at once right oftentimes I might be changing a configuration file let me go you know commit that and then continue my work right and do a larger commit later um so now we can do get add exactly exactly um and then well on this one because I only did it in here I could do get commit all which is that dash all that's true that's true but I um I think uh it's it's good uh like like just follow the process don't worry about like that's the one of the reasons gets confusing as it gives you like multiple ways to do the same thing so I would until you get real comfortable with the command line stuff here just just try to follow gets status get add um kind of get that flow down first in this case you need to specify the files um yeah so you can take it add dot which is like add everything all the changes you can also if you wanted to put just source slash pages slash page that's template um you can kind of specify the specific files um and you can run add multiple times like if you had 10 files that were changed you could say add all the files in this folder and then add that configuration file and don't add these ones right so if I wanted to just um for my own clarification I could do uh get add and then forward slash source and I would do not know how to forward slash just src uh because this is relative just like um kind of the the file is great so that'd be everything in src you did src slash pages that only be stuff in in pages um and if you did src slash pages slash template dot txx that would just be that one file okay cool and then so it's all been um added but added yeah let's run get status again so we can actually see that you can confirm you know never never heard surrounding you get status here yeah cool okay now we're ready to make our commit we've made a change we've added that change it's set up good to go how we can commit it um yeah okay then it's it commit and then it is it this wriggly m uh yeah it's just the a dash not not just really just dash um yeah changed you'll want quotes so you'll want quotes and if you remember we use something called conventional commits which is really just tags so in this case you're you've made progress you want to do feeds colon space and then write your your message there yeah i think we do a little lowercase feed without the s but i don't actually care about that that much uh it's good to know when it's it's practice uh feet and then we're sizing and moving sections all right good right now the last thing so that ran some automated commands to kind of like auto format things we still haven't sent it to the server so that's the really important last step do you remember how to do that no because i thought they get commit did it okay so the get commit makes it like it's your save point locally right so all of that was like hey let me save my progress here locally the last thing you want to do is do we get push and that'll share those changes up yep so just to recap for the audience we do get status get add do another get status if you want get commit and then get push and now you see right there now it sends it up to uh to the to get um yep sweet this was definitely insightful and i'm excited to at least start working on this um and reading through it now that i'm starting to get the hang of it yeah so and lots more to do with uh distribute aid and once again thank you for being on the show and if we have this spare time next week i may be heading you guys up again you should yeah so we're doing a couple fun things you all check out distributed it's oh ss third-stage stream later this week uh next Tuesday i'm gonna host a code Jam we're not gonna do that live but i have a zoom link if anyone's interested in just kind of hanging out hacking on distributed aid sort of office hours you set up maybe get a group of us on there um and then we have another live stream on Thursday of jen please you're welcome anytime you want to come on our stream and i'd be happy to keep you know working with you here i'm making some progress um the meantime feel free to hack away and you know in time i think you're getting the hang of it you can get the siled on and then maybe the next time we look at it we can um look at refactoring those out into components kind of separating them from the page so we can embed a youtube video anywhere we want right yes thank you again and looking forward to getting more movement on this talk to you soon dailer and thank you all of the homies beautiful humans hood mob friends friends that are joined go
React will also have j sx and ts x instead of js and ts hopefully redwoods kinds redwoods kind of bad at this all right and then hawks zeal said sin text for tailwind being so explicit is a good way to different different if you different differentiated thank you thank you yeah so that definitely works like if I see another project using tailwind and tailwinds kind of syntax style I'll pick up on that but if you if you don't know what tailwind is right and it was kind of like if you're more used to bootstrap or something else you might not be able to so that's where I think you know the reliable ways going back to that package that json file that read me and the imports and stuff sometimes yeah sweet and for responses of what to call the viewers is homies chat peeps hood mob can I say beautiful humans of the hood mob homies keeps we'll just like keep I know the sales person in me wants to call them future contributors right well everybody has been on the show so far except haxiel so they contributed to teach jentex so there you go wow viewer epitat proposal cowards all right so I know we don't have a ton of time here and I'm getting way too distracted in the chat because they're fun so we said that it's going to be single content left aligned and then because you said tailwind removes all of like the formatting I would then basically just go Google tailwind header yeah that's a good way or just the tailwind base styles like what is a header you're bumping up the font size you're making it bold you might have an underline or something like that right so yeah this is this is what they're saying where basically it's you know removing the styles for tailwind and stuff like that so let's think about how do we want to make our title stand out that's kind of the tailwind philosophy is like thinking about what you want for your you sites unique style looking feel and stuff and then UCSS to achieve that rather than taking something that's already opinionated right and and kind of modifying it yeah I'm also staring at this and especially where it says margin and padding I know this is giving around a bit but would this would we add margin and padding if we wanted to put on like between the right between these would that be margin and padding yeah definitely yeah that might be at the section level rather than the content level right we want to separate sections with each other and then and then the content you know sometimes we might need that sometimes might not but definitely probably margin for blank space between them padding would be important if we wanted to have the background color like if we added a background color or something wanted that to extend for the text right one is gonna fit between things one's kind of for within the inner content in the border of you know the wrapper there okay so I'm not seeing it in here itself which I know we have limited time so I might just ask you on this one how would I create this to be a left aligned totally so I think the first thing that we want to do here is we want to give it a quick wrapper right so let's look at that single content centered there's the section class name justify center right to me that sounds like we can do something similar there when instead of justify center maybe we do justify left right that's kind of our controlled and move it left or right using using flexbox here um um oh it just gave me the other I was like yeah well it's like where did that come from oh thank you for now perfect and then the other bit we have there is this div right so this div is controlling the uh the size so we probably want to copy that just for consistency sake um and wrap the h1 in that um and that way it'll it'll line up with the content boundaries that we've set for for the video and then other things and then close my div that was weird nice okay and I need to do some tabs because this is making it look really complicated perfect so that kind of sets out our layout there right the layout is going to say we want this you know in its own layer vertically right it's separate from the other content we want it on the left hand side it maybe if you're on a larger screen we don't want it to go all the way to the edges we want to set a max width there um so that's looking pretty good now we need to actually style the header so let's go ahead and add um class name to the header give ourselves some space and then we can go look up some tailwinds classes as well okay so we would add another class name or um yeah in the h1 tag you'd want to add the class name attribute we're not exactly sure what classes we need just yet but we know we're going to need to do you still want it to be h1 right you want the h1 tag and then add a space there and then this would be an attribute perfect purpose um exactly and uh Anthony said uh tailwind could be another topic on the show I completely agree so at some point anybody want to come talk about tailwind let's do this all right so we are going to look at h1 class names exactly so let's think like do do you want your header to be a larger font size yes now yes great so well I love about tailwind they have great documentation you get that quick search in the upper left let's go look at font size and see how to bump that font size up so there you have it um they have different kind of based font sizes you can make it you know Excel or something have it be kind of relative or you could choose um you know a specific a specific size I think there's some some pixel based ones how much bigger do we want our our h1 titles here like the page header title oh they didn't learn because uh we're doing stuff uh let's go back we can we can fix that real quick let's just go back to the get pod and I think you need to have the quotes after a class name equals um exactly perfect yay I would say it needs to be probably about 20 maybe 24 okay that's perfect so let's go back to uh tailwind font size there um and they give you kind of pixel indicators that's going to be text dash to excel so you should be able to just copy that class name there add it in on get pod give the page refresh and boom we've bumped up our font size oh there we go area and then so what else do we want to make it like what other styles come to mind font weight mm-hmm so what I have to do another class for that or can I use this in the same class you can use it in the same class name so the the class name here works just like you know class with normal html and CSS where you can specify multiple classes um yeah so is that like a comma and then putting it in the same um it's space still limited so if you just give it a space that's kind of how they they separate the stuff out there we go yay and then I would say the last thing that I want to do is um you said that it was a if I just want it to have more space around it what is that called again that's going to be margin if you just want more space around it we're not using a background color or something here we're trying to separate elements that's margin so oh add a margin to all sides and so tailing makes it easy if you just want vertical margins or horizontal or add margins everywhere um and if you scroll up it'll give you the kind of what the different sizes mean as well and those are like the examples here uh so I probably want like a n2 or n4 yep yeah let's try it out see how it looks maybe oh this is like so exciting being able to like actually see this like happen and we have four oh yay hey there we go this is way too exciting yeah I'm wondering just for testing purposes it might be nice if we could get the hello beautiful human to line up on that left hand side with the hour mission and maybe flip the video like stack the hour mission and the photo above the video just move those around so that we can we can check out some of that alignment um so let's start with switching the content sections that we have for the video and the side by side there let's just flip those on get part and now we can't change it to hello hideous human Anthony no no that's not something I say only like really mean evil people but even then I kind of struggle with it and documentation is the real MVP uh okay so we are going to take this in the knee knee knee knee knee knee knee knee and and above this in the knee you still want it in that simple layout though simple layout overlapping everything that's where you know that that layout kind of defines our header many when on our foot and stuff perfect and then I want to see how wait go here now side by side and and um justify center space 8x is that how you did it to match the um our mission yeah so it gets kind of weird right so basically the outer layer there the flexbox is like where am I putting these elements because I could put them anywhere right we're saying hey put them together in the center right um for the uh the that div that's where we're specifying how big they could be um so I'm not I'm not quite sure we might want to you know I want to think about how our layout works here um I'm writing myself notes too because I know we're going to run out of time soon and I'm like but I'm finally getting it I want to be able to do this later so who knows I've probably got a live stream at some point tomorrow now um so why yes y'all I'm writing on paper it's a thing that people used to do that's okay we use Excel a lot a lot it's the thing people used to do back in like the 80s and 90s I know there's not an app for what we do yet because we're trying to build the app for what we do you know them set yeah right and then um and then would it be a margin just because I'm taking notes for myself to work on it later would it be a margin around this section or would that yeah yeah I think if you want to separate like you see how that photo runs into the YouTube video yeah that to me says it's a layout issue right it's not the content that needs to kind of deal with that it's each section needs to provide some space between itself in the previous sections um so I would look at adding margin to the section so you might not need side margin maybe just need you know vertical margin right um exactly and I think the cool thing is yes I'm writing it here but I can actually put these notes in my issue yes that way I'm gonna move what I'm working on that yeah and I'd recommend using get hubs like checkbox features so it can be like add margin between sections and that way you can check it off when it's done to communicate to other people you know your progress as you're working your way through it um yeah because I think this would be really cool um I guess um just now that I'm starting to get the hang of it the other part that you wanted and I just want to make sure I understand it because it probably is in the text but I want to make sure I understand it is you wanted like two sections like our mission where the text is on the left and then do another section that says the text is on the right so that way they have either choice yeah that's kind of get interesting because we have a few options right we could say here's a section with a single piece of content and here's like a setting right is it left center right we could also say we want those as explicit sections um you know I think we got we got some options there um so that might get more into like when we refactor this out into reusable components you know for now I would say just set up examples we just want lots of different examples with different pieces of content and different layouts to know what we're looking at for our options right when we refactor it we can make some architectural decisions do we want to have this be a parameter you're feeding into the component or is this like a poor piece of the component itself interesting and just to check if it's possible before I go down this rabbit hole I think that's the other thing is if I wanted to change the header or change the class on here I would just make them two different areas like this one is an eight one with a class and then I would do like a paragraph with a class yes so the interesting thing for that text is it's from markdown so you're not really going to be able to change that um we've actually started to solve this issue on a different branch and folks this is exactly why we do draft pull requests so I found a library um to apply tailwind styles automatically to markdown content so instead of having to go in um you know because because you can see right there on line 35 like we don't have access to all of that markdown content right it's not written out as different HTML elements be very complicated for us to go in and kind of change how the markdown gets rendered and add class names based on different components this this um this uh kind of tailwind extension does it for us um so that might be something that we want to um actually merge some of that work into your branch before or maybe get it into saga and then pull it back to your branch um but what I'll say for now is don't worry too much about the the markdown content blocks specifically it's just good that we're actually rendering the markdown for now you can worry about like how is it spaced compared to other blocks like that side by side does it be more spaced you maybe want to have a vertical line between them providing some more visual as separation you know I think there's a lot of different stylistic directions you can go in on the layout side just don't don't go down a rabbit hole and I'm trying to style the markdown content because that's going to be pretty pretty tricky it was even too tricky for me I'm like no I'm gonna someone solve this problem I'm gonna include their stuff you know all right um I totally dig this like this is a a really cool project and I'm excited that it's one of my first projects um because it's it's definitely stuff that I I've talked to a couple back end developers and I'm like I like what they do and it's very like I'm curious about it but I'm like I like front end development because I'm like look it looks pretty I can make it look pretty I can go fix it in it where like back end in my mind at least I'm like oh so they're going to make it work spit out the data everything like that so it's definitely I like learning both but uh y'all I know I forget you want to make a quick commit and push it so we don't lose your progress right yes thank you for the reminder um okay I'm trying to think if I remember I don't because it was like we did it added a different order than I remember so it was like I walked through the proper order and then this is going to be a good one to write down because this is like a very regular you know lots of little commits and little checkpoints yes and um Anthony if you are still watching and listening FYI I did do my read me yesterday for um more Python I just forgot to update my read me so I can do that here all right so slowly it okay it is is it get command and um so so so let's not worry about like the get commands because those are actually fairly confusing I think people have a fair criticism of like get strange incantations what's the first thing that we want to do here right there's going to be like a series of steps we need to take to get this pushed on to your your work and progress branch um like maybe want to check like what changes have happened so far you know especially if you're working in multiple files and folders like what am I actually looking at here compared to when I started um yeah so that's what I and I like to do in case I accidentally it changed something else I don't want to include yet or something so it gets based status that just kind of gives you a status check like what's going on and so we can see the branch we're on makes sense we've changed one file also makes sense so now we need to take a look at our changes we need to add those changes in you can you don't have to commit everything at once right oftentimes I might be changing a configuration file let me go you know commit that and then continue my work right and do a larger commit later um so now we can do get add exactly exactly um and then well on this one because I only did it in here I could do get commit all which is that dash all that's true that's true but I um I think uh it's it's good uh like like just follow the process don't worry about like that's the one of the reasons gets confusing as it gives you like multiple ways to do the same thing so I would until you get real comfortable with the command line stuff here just just try to follow gets status get add um kind of get that flow down first in this case you need to specify the files um yeah so you can take it add dot which is like add everything all the changes you can also if you wanted to put just source slash pages slash page that's template um you can kind of specify the specific files um and you can run add multiple times like if you had 10 files that were changed you could say add all the files in this folder and then add that configuration file and don't add these ones right so if I wanted to just um for my own clarification I could do uh get add and then forward slash source and I would do not know how to forward slash just src uh because this is relative just like um kind of the the file is great so that'd be everything in src you did src slash pages that only be stuff in in pages um and if you did src slash pages slash template dot txx that would just be that one file okay cool and then so it's all been um added but added yeah let's run get status again so we can actually see that you can confirm you know never never heard surrounding you get status here yeah cool okay now we're ready to make our commit we've made a change we've added that change it's set up good to go how we can commit it um yeah okay then it's it commit and then it is it this wriggly m uh yeah it's just the a dash not not just really just dash um yeah changed you'll want quotes so you'll want quotes and if you remember we use something called conventional commits which is really just tags so in this case you're you've made progress you want to do feeds colon space and then write your your message there yeah i think we do a little lowercase feed without the s but i don't actually care about that that much uh it's good to know when it's it's practice uh feet and then we're sizing and moving sections all right good right now the last thing so that ran some automated commands to kind of like auto format things we still haven't sent it to the server so that's the really important last step do you remember how to do that no because i thought they get commit did it okay so the get commit makes it like it's your save point locally right so all of that was like hey let me save my progress here locally the last thing you want to do is do we get push and that'll share those changes up yep so just to recap for the audience we do get status get add do another get status if you want get commit and then get push and now you see right there now it sends it up to uh to the to get um yep sweet this was definitely insightful and i'm excited to at least start working on this um and reading through it now that i'm starting to get the hang of it yeah so and lots more to do with uh distribute aid and once again thank you for being on the show and if we have this spare time next week i may be heading you guys up again you should yeah so we're doing a couple fun things you all check out distributed it's oh ss third-stage stream later this week uh next Tuesday i'm gonna host a code Jam we're not gonna do that live but i have a zoom link if anyone's interested in just kind of hanging out hacking on distributed aid sort of office hours you set up maybe get a group of us on there um and then we have another live stream on Thursday of jen please you're welcome anytime you want to come on our stream and i'd be happy to keep you know working with you here i'm making some progress um the meantime feel free to hack away and you know in time i think you're getting the hang of it you can get the siled on and then maybe the next time we look at it we can um look at refactoring those out into components kind of separating them from the page so we can embed a youtube video anywhere we want right yes thank you again and looking forward to getting more movement on this talk to you soon dailer and thank you all of the homies beautiful humans hood mob friends friends that are joined go