Hello, hello beautiful humans. Once again, thank you for joining Teach Gen Tech. And today we have Jacob on the show. Jacob, please introduce yourself in what we'll be learning about today. Hi, I'm Jacob Evans. It's there in the name. I'm also a little sick right now So if I look a little haggard, that's the reason. And if any of you watching know me, you know, I'm lying. So anyways, we're going to be learning about TypeScript. I work at Cloudflare as a software engineer. I particularly work on the Cloudflare workers team on the workers CLI called Wrangler
So if I look a little haggard, that's the reason. And if any of you watching know me, you know, I'm lying. So anyways, we're going to be learning about TypeScript. I work at Cloudflare as a software engineer. I particularly work on the Cloudflare workers team on the workers CLI called Wrangler It's written in TypeScript. And the way that Jacob ended up on the show, me crashing Friday night like code and live Twitter spaces. And one day it just came up. It's basically what happened. And he got stuck being on the show. And hello, Ben and hello, Anthony. I Anthony was the second episode
It's written in TypeScript. And the way that Jacob ended up on the show, me crashing Friday night like code and live Twitter spaces. And one day it just came up. It's basically what happened. And he got stuck being on the show. And hello, Ben and hello, Anthony. I Anthony was the second episode And he was teaching me about React. And it's definitely something that I feel like I've heard of TypeScript, but I'm still like, dude, it doesn't make any sense because everybody tells me how hard and difficult it is. So I've heard that a lot. That's like all I know about TypeScript
And he was teaching me about React. And it's definitely something that I feel like I've heard of TypeScript, but I'm still like, dude, it doesn't make any sense because everybody tells me how hard and difficult it is. So I've heard that a lot. That's like all I know about TypeScript I don't know what TypeScript is. I don't know what it does. I know I know I think I know that it's something JavaScript. And that it's really difficult and hard to learn. That's what I know about it so far. Okay. There's a lot of half truths in there. Okay. All right
I don't know what TypeScript is. I don't know what it does. I know I know I think I know that it's something JavaScript. And that it's really difficult and hard to learn. That's what I know about it so far. Okay. There's a lot of half truths in there. Okay. All right Okay. All right. First off, it's what's called a superset language. So it is JavaScript at the end of the day. If you remove the whole Type system, you have JavaScript, which is what the TypeScript compile will actually do. It will strip out all the types and leave you with JavaScript to run
Okay. All right. First off, it's what's called a superset language. So it is JavaScript at the end of the day. If you remove the whole Type system, you have JavaScript, which is what the TypeScript compile will actually do. It will strip out all the types and leave you with JavaScript to run Most people don't see that part anymore because of a lot of the tooling and systems in place. I should describe what a Type is. That's fair, AJ. And hello, Bacari as well. Yeah, what is a Type? Let's go to the bare basics. Yeah, it is a way to describe what a thing is inside of the language
Most people don't see that part anymore because of a lot of the tooling and systems in place. I should describe what a Type is. That's fair, AJ. And hello, Bacari as well. Yeah, what is a Type? Let's go to the bare basics. Yeah, it is a way to describe what a thing is inside of the language So you generally have something called primitives. You're very lowest level. If I could. Yeah. Thanks, AJ. Just just give an out great comments. But the primitives are very lowest level in a language. So you have things like string. You have things like a Boolean, which is true false
So you generally have something called primitives. You're very lowest level. If I could. Yeah. Thanks, AJ. Just just give an out great comments. But the primitives are very lowest level in a language. So you have things like string. You have things like a Boolean, which is true false You're one and zero. You have also things that are slightly above the primitives. Well, let's just stick with those for now. So we have things like the object, the symbol, the Boolean, the string. I'm missing some, but this is in an interview. Well, a job interview
You're one and zero. You have also things that are slightly above the primitives. Well, let's just stick with those for now. So we have things like the object, the symbol, the Boolean, the string. I'm missing some, but this is in an interview. Well, a job interview Those things we can infer based off of work coding. Like if I'm running const, this is a string equals quotations. Those quotations make it a string. And I could put a big old sentence or paragraph in that single string
Those things we can infer based off of work coding. Like if I'm running const, this is a string equals quotations. Those quotations make it a string. And I could put a big old sentence or paragraph in that single string So without TypeScript, if I just did did that in JavaScript, JavaScript doesn't care about that until you really are running the JavaScript. And then it will throw air if it's like, you know, let's say you write a bunch of stuff out and there's not quotes around it. It's not a string
So without TypeScript, if I just did did that in JavaScript, JavaScript doesn't care about that until you really are running the JavaScript. And then it will throw air if it's like, you know, let's say you write a bunch of stuff out and there's not quotes around it. It's not a string It's not a string. Let's see what Ben Myers say. One way to think about is that types, oh, that's no go ahead. Types is that the define all the possible values of variable have and excludes values that are aren't permissible. Yeah, that's an excellent way to think about it
It's not a string. Let's see what Ben Myers say. One way to think about is that types, oh, that's no go ahead. Types is that the define all the possible values of variable have and excludes values that are aren't permissible. Yeah, that's an excellent way to think about it I also googled it and a convenient way to refer to different properties and functions that a value has. A value is anything that you can assign a variable, a number, a string, an array, an object, and a function. And that is from TypeScript to Toil.net. Nice. Yeah
I also googled it and a convenient way to refer to different properties and functions that a value has. A value is anything that you can assign a variable, a number, a string, an array, an object, and a function. And that is from TypeScript to Toil.net. Nice. Yeahnet. Nice. Yeah. So first off, Ben, the typos of grammar are okay. We're all human. We're going to make mistakes. What you said about the types, though, was a banger. So you nailed it. Yeah. So besides primitives, we have, you know, like was mentioned just a moment ago, it was like a raise function
net. Nice. Yeah. So first off, Ben, the typos of grammar are okay. We're all human. We're going to make mistakes. What you said about the types, though, was a banger. So you nailed it. Yeah. So besides primitives, we have, you know, like was mentioned just a moment ago, it was like a raise function These also could be typed. And the awesome part about having those things when you're coding is the information, the feedback you get when you're trying to like code like a bunch stuff out
These also could be typed. And the awesome part about having those things when you're coding is the information, the feedback you get when you're trying to like code like a bunch stuff out And you don't want to have to like hold all those things in your head while you're trying to solve these complex problems. It's like cognitive load that's just taken off of you and now handled by the types of. I was also real quick because I didn't want to not say hi. Hi, thank you for joining
And you don't want to have to like hold all those things in your head while you're trying to solve these complex problems. It's like cognitive load that's just taken off of you and now handled by the types of. I was also real quick because I didn't want to not say hi. Hi, thank you for joining We are inching towards three average viewers. You're slowly, slowly getting there. And what up Cynthia, thank you for joining. And let's see what oh. So Anthony, the link that Anthony shared. Let me grab that really quick so I can share my screen. So let me click and make this. Oh, wow
We are inching towards three average viewers. You're slowly, slowly getting there. And what up Cynthia, thank you for joining. And let's see what oh. So Anthony, the link that Anthony shared. Let me grab that really quick so I can share my screen. So let me click and make this. Oh, wow Oh, wow. You just made it pretty. But it is cool going through the rest of it on what is type script. Yeah, I don't know why it gave the random stuff at the end. And Mac, you always a start has net new viewers across all streams. Mac
Oh, wow. You just made it pretty. But it is cool going through the rest of it on what is type script. Yeah, I don't know why it gave the random stuff at the end. And Mac, you always a start has net new viewers across all streams. Mac Mac. Okay, well, I don't know if I should believe you because we haven't we haven't met yet. But then also I'll go be a viewer, you know, share the knowledge and wealth. But back to typescript. Back to the typescript
Mac. Okay, well, I don't know if I should believe you because we haven't we haven't met yet. But then also I'll go be a viewer, you know, share the knowledge and wealth. But back to typescript. Back to the typescript So when people first get into typescript, like what is a reason that you would use typescript again? Yeah, so the funny thing is is the types, the typescript docs themselves are not great for entry level
So when people first get into typescript, like what is a reason that you would use typescript again? Yeah, so the funny thing is is the types, the typescript docs themselves are not great for entry level They're focused on the type system and trying to get people just giving them all that that very technical reference information. Where is like the initial strength value of typescript just comes from when you change the file from JS to TS
They're focused on the type system and trying to get people just giving them all that that very technical reference information. Where is like the initial strength value of typescript just comes from when you change the file from JS to TS You get a lot of these just inferences and hints and auto suggestions. The other part that was a big overhead for a lot of people initially was setting it up. Like there was a lot of there was a lot of set up steps. Like you have to understand enough typescript to set up to the TScon config
You get a lot of these just inferences and hints and auto suggestions. The other part that was a big overhead for a lot of people initially was setting it up. Like there was a lot of there was a lot of set up steps. Like you have to understand enough typescript to set up to the TScon config You needed to also understand the build step or the compile step between the typescript to JavaScript and what you were doing there with that configuration. But most of those problems in recent times have disappeared
You needed to also understand the build step or the compile step between the typescript to JavaScript and what you were doing there with that configuration. But most of those problems in recent times have disappeared Most frameworks, most fundlers, a lot of tooling out there handle all that for you. They could still hand it off the reins so that you can further tweak the environment as necessary
Most frameworks, most fundlers, a lot of tooling out there handle all that for you. They could still hand it off the reins so that you can further tweak the environment as necessary But you don't have to understand every little aspect of how typescript needs to be configured to just start getting the value of typescript immediately. A couple of questions there and some keywords. What up, Nick? I didn't get that. What did you try again? Siri would like to say hi as well
But you don't have to understand every little aspect of how typescript needs to be configured to just start getting the value of typescript immediately. A couple of questions there and some keywords. What up, Nick? I didn't get that. What did you try again? Siri would like to say hi as well Greetings to Siri. Something that I think that I need to take a step back on that I wish I understood and I think is a missing picture for me is there's compiler languages and then there's not compiler languages
Greetings to Siri. Something that I think that I need to take a step back on that I wish I understood and I think is a missing picture for me is there's compiler languages and then there's not compiler languages I don't know what the difference is but from what I understand is compiler languages are a lot more complex to you. I don't even remember if this was a stream or a meetup or a stream or a meetup that I learned about this. This kind of comes back to the unnecessary cognitive overhead
I don't know what the difference is but from what I understand is compiler languages are a lot more complex to you. I don't even remember if this was a stream or a meetup or a stream or a meetup that I learned about this. This kind of comes back to the unnecessary cognitive overhead You for instance, don't know how you don't have to understand how like the L1 cache on your motherboard works to leverage all the value of your PC. But some people really care about that stuff and those people also tend to make really cool tools around that stuff
You for instance, don't know how you don't have to understand how like the L1 cache on your motherboard works to leverage all the value of your PC. But some people really care about that stuff and those people also tend to make really cool tools around that stuff But unless you're planning to make it those tools or you just want to learn that stuff at a curiosity, it's not necessary to get that in depth to use typescript. Again, at the end of the day, all the typescript compiler is doing is taking the types and removing them. And you got JavaScript
But unless you're planning to make it those tools or you just want to learn that stuff at a curiosity, it's not necessary to get that in depth to use typescript. Again, at the end of the day, all the typescript compiler is doing is taking the types and removing them. And you got JavaScript The funny thing is you could just write JavaScript in the typescript files without any of the little colon assigning the type or the interfaces or the type keywords and you're still going to get a ton of benefits from timescript
The funny thing is you could just write JavaScript in the typescript files without any of the little colon assigning the type or the interfaces or the type keywords and you're still going to get a ton of benefits from timescript I feel like to put you on the spot, can you share your screen and go through some of the differences that you would see on how like an visualization of what you're describing? Yeah. Because I feel like that's a hard part of it too
I feel like to put you on the spot, can you share your screen and go through some of the differences that you would see on how like an visualization of what you're describing? Yeah. Because I feel like that's a hard part of it too I'm picking up what you're putting down, but when we were in that Twitter space yesterday, what the O is describing with the funnels, I was like, I get it, but I don't get it. That image really helped solidifying it. Yeah. What's the thing? And now I put you on the spot. All right
I'm picking up what you're putting down, but when we were in that Twitter space yesterday, what the O is describing with the funnels, I was like, I get it, but I don't get it. That image really helped solidifying it. Yeah. What's the thing? And now I put you on the spot. All right All right. You should be able to see this. So this is a... Zoom it in, please. So we can see it. Nope, that's the opposite. All right. So this is like some of the typescript stuff you would normally see
All right. You should be able to see this. So this is a... Zoom it in, please. So we can see it. Nope, that's the opposite. All right. So this is like some of the typescript stuff you would normally see It's somewhat simple, but on the right here you see that it's getting turned into just basic JavaScript. So let's see if I can wing something here. Just use this instead of retaking everything. I'm watching on my full screen where it's much bigger so I can see this
It's somewhat simple, but on the right here you see that it's getting turned into just basic JavaScript. So let's see if I can wing something here. Just use this instead of retaking everything. I'm watching on my full screen where it's much bigger so I can see this So oddly, and I don't know if it's counting to the numbers or not, but I'm like literally watching the stream to see the the fallance. When you get a chance, can you make it a little bigger if please? Also dark mode might help her Anthony. This has dark mode
So oddly, and I don't know if it's counting to the numbers or not, but I'm like literally watching the stream to see the the fallance. When you get a chance, can you make it a little bigger if please? Also dark mode might help her Anthony. This has dark mode This has dark mode. Does it have dark mode, Anthony? Do you know something I don't? Yeah, there we go. All right. Can you zoom it in? I feel like it just like deleted the zoom that you've just had. Nice. Still zoomed in quite a little. Yeah, it's like 175%
This has dark mode. Does it have dark mode, Anthony? Do you know something I don't? Yeah, there we go. All right. Can you zoom it in? I feel like it just like deleted the zoom that you've just had. Nice. Still zoomed in quite a little. Yeah, it's like 175% Yeah, as long as I'm like looking at the other screen, I'm good. So let us know everyone. So something something super, let's see. Basic here is like I'm writing JavaScript here. It's still JavaScript over here. If I do something where I'm like, Hey, this is a number, which it could already infer
Yeah, as long as I'm like looking at the other screen, I'm good. So let us know everyone. So something something super, let's see. Basic here is like I'm writing JavaScript here. It's still JavaScript over here. If I do something where I'm like, Hey, this is a number, which it could already infer It's still JavaScript. It doesn't it doesn't change what. What this was. Right. We just get more information from the system, from the tools you're using. Okay. So if I don't assign this. Right. I'm now changed what this could be. I could also, I think, omit this and it will still infer that
It's still JavaScript. It doesn't it doesn't change what. What this was. Right. We just get more information from the system, from the tools you're using. Okay. So if I don't assign this. Right. I'm now changed what this could be. I could also, I think, omit this and it will still infer that No, it doesn't. It just knows that you're going to make it a number. So that's a perfect example of like I could tell it what it's going to be. So count is going to equal some sort of some sort of a number. And it's happy about that. It's like cool. That is a number. You could do that
No, it doesn't. It just knows that you're going to make it a number. So that's a perfect example of like I could tell it what it's going to be. So count is going to equal some sort of some sort of a number. And it's happy about that. It's like cool. That is a number. You could do that You could do that. But if I said, Hey, I want to make you a number. All right. Actually, let's do better. Let's do this. Suddenly, it's like nice tribe, bro. That's not a number. I don't even get there over here too. That's kind of cool. But the main thing here is you see that this is JavaScript
You could do that. But if I said, Hey, I want to make you a number. All right. Actually, let's do better. Let's do this. Suddenly, it's like nice tribe, bro. That's not a number. I don't even get there over here too. That's kind of cool. But the main thing here is you see that this is JavaScript If I wrote this in JavaScript, JavaScript would just do this. That's what it would look like in regular JavaScript. So it's not going to yell at me. This is like the simplest example to show the immediate value that you get from T.S. We got a quick question. One question. Is it transition from T.S
If I wrote this in JavaScript, JavaScript would just do this. That's what it would look like in regular JavaScript. So it's not going to yell at me. This is like the simplest example to show the immediate value that you get from T.S. We got a quick question. One question. Is it transition from T.SS. to J.S. done in browser or is there a compile step of some sort? There's a compile step. And because we're using this type script playground, that's why it's not showing like a compile step. Yeah, that's happening for you here
S. to J.S. done in browser or is there a compile step of some sort? There's a compile step. And because we're using this type script playground, that's why it's not showing like a compile step. Yeah, that's happening for you here Which brings me back to my previous comment, which is most tooling is going to be doing that for you. Like, example, I work on the CloudFlare Workers CLI called Wrangler 2, which is written in TypeScript. And it allows you to write your workers in TypeScript
Which brings me back to my previous comment, which is most tooling is going to be doing that for you. Like, example, I work on the CloudFlare Workers CLI called Wrangler 2, which is written in TypeScript. And it allows you to write your workers in TypeScript But TypeScript can't run on the node runtime, which we have the workers runtime edge runtime. And it uses node bindings and other compatibility stuff. Anyways, the thing is, you can't run, like, I can't, at the moment I do this, this won't run in a Java script runtime
But TypeScript can't run on the node runtime, which we have the workers runtime edge runtime. And it uses node bindings and other compatibility stuff. Anyways, the thing is, you can't run, like, I can't, at the moment I do this, this won't run in a Java script runtime It's now a superset of Java script. It's something that sits on top of the, what's called the ECMO script, which is like the spec of the JavaScript. And then they add all the type system on top. So it's built on top of JavaScript. It will never not be JavaScript
It's now a superset of Java script. It's something that sits on top of the, what's called the ECMO script, which is like the spec of the JavaScript. And then they add all the type system on top. So it's built on top of JavaScript. It will never not be JavaScript But they can do whatever they want with the type system, because that's just taken away at the end of the day when it goes for that compile step. But like with the workers, when you use that tool and you publish the worker, we do that whole compile step for you
But they can do whatever they want with the type system, because that's just taken away at the end of the day when it goes for that compile step. But like with the workers, when you use that tool and you publish the worker, we do that whole compile step for you You don't even know that that's necessarily happening. You just are writing TypeScript, getting all those benefits, and then sending your code up to run somewhere. And it magically is becoming JavaScript for you before it goes there
You don't even know that that's necessarily happening. You just are writing TypeScript, getting all those benefits, and then sending your code up to run somewhere. And it magically is becoming JavaScript for you before it goes there Really quick, what is a worker? Other than it totally made me think, it totally made me think about like minors or something like that. And then we have another question of does TypeScript also allow type checking at runtime or only at compile time? Yeah, so it's always compiled away
Really quick, what is a worker? Other than it totally made me think, it totally made me think about like minors or something like that. And then we have another question of does TypeScript also allow type checking at runtime or only at compile time? Yeah, so it's always compiled away It's JavaScript that's running at runtime. To answer the worker question, are you familiar with serverless functions and the edge? No, no. Because it's like, have I heard of them? Yes, I definitely have heard of it. Do I know anything you just mentioned? No. And what up lunch? All right, all right
It's JavaScript that's running at runtime. To answer the worker question, are you familiar with serverless functions and the edge? No, no. Because it's like, have I heard of them? Yes, I definitely have heard of it. Do I know anything you just mentioned? No. And what up lunch? All right, all right I'm going to try it at me. Like super condensed answer. Do stop it, AJ. I do know what a server is. I do know what a server is. Get out of here. That's hilarious. Yes, yes, I got there. I got there. I'm like Anthony, you basically know what I do know. That's so funny though
I'm going to try it at me. Like super condensed answer. Do stop it, AJ. I do know what a server is. I do know what a server is. Get out of here. That's hilarious. Yes, yes, I got there. I got there. I'm like Anthony, you basically know what I do know. That's so funny though I do know what a server, well, what I mean on that note, like how would I describe a server? The AJs push it in the limit. AJs is like, more than I
I do know what a server, well, what I mean on that note, like how would I describe a server? The AJs push it in the limit. AJs is like, more than I Okay, so if I were to describe a server, I would say the servers themselves are hardware that hold content, you could say, but like when a lot of people are thinking about servers nowadays, they think about like cloud and AWS and those type of things, where they are cloud servers, but they're still technically on a hard where server's somewhere
Okay, so if I were to describe a server, I would say the servers themselves are hardware that hold content, you could say, but like when a lot of people are thinking about servers nowadays, they think about like cloud and AWS and those type of things, where they are cloud servers, but they're still technically on a hard where server's somewhere Okay, AJ, I expect next, you're going to be asking how an electron works. Okay, stop. I'm only joking with AJ. These are great questions. Yeah, that's, that's, I would say it's a great answer, but I'm not like one of those highly, like must be super or technical or they're overly semantic
Okay, AJ, I expect next, you're going to be asking how an electron works. Okay, stop. I'm only joking with AJ. These are great questions. Yeah, that's, that's, I would say it's a great answer, but I'm not like one of those highly, like must be super or technical or they're overly semantic But serverless, yeah, that's about right. Like it's, you're basically, personally, I don't have a server in my room running a bunch of functions when somebody requests some information
But serverless, yeah, that's about right. Like it's, you're basically, personally, I don't have a server in my room running a bunch of functions when somebody requests some information But that has to happen somewhere if you're not running it or you're not using a hosted service that's doing it in one particular spot. So what the edge is, is, I don't want to just run it in one particular spot or maybe even have like a few major server locations globally
But that has to happen somewhere if you're not running it or you're not using a hosted service that's doing it in one particular spot. So what the edge is, is, I don't want to just run it in one particular spot or maybe even have like a few major server locations globally Maybe I want to have, yeah, yeah. I'm just pausing to get that response in there too. Yeah, that's great. That's great. So, the, the edge is basically running that code. So that serverless function. On hardware, that says, it's close to the user as physically possible
Maybe I want to have, yeah, yeah. I'm just pausing to get that response in there too. Yeah, that's great. That's great. So, the, the edge is basically running that code. So that serverless function. On hardware, that says, it's close to the user as physically possible Now, currently that is like usually running on things like pops or colos which are, you could think of as like the equivalent of like, electrical substations where like, the electrical substations are things that are like, close to say like a large neighborhood or whatnot
Now, currently that is like usually running on things like pops or colos which are, you could think of as like the equivalent of like, electrical substations where like, the electrical substations are things that are like, close to say like a large neighborhood or whatnot And it helps store and boost the signal of the electricity. Pops or colos are also very similar in that way for networks. And we can run code in those locations on that hardware. And that's generally was considered the edge
And it helps store and boost the signal of the electricity. Pops or colos are also very similar in that way for networks. And we can run code in those locations on that hardware. And that's generally was considered the edge Now, the edge at the end of the day can be any hardware that's as close to the user that's requesting the information that's like hitting that whatever that serverless stuff is. So, I should probably close that. There we go
Now, the edge at the end of the day can be any hardware that's as close to the user that's requesting the information that's like hitting that whatever that serverless stuff is. So, I should probably close that. There we go There we go. I hope you all enjoyed looking at that very simple code snippet for like 10 minutes
There we go. I hope you all enjoyed looking at that very simple code snippet for like 10 minutes Anyways, we do have a couple comments and like working on explaining this to Cynthia says a web worker is a JavaScript that runs in the background independently from other scripts without affecting the performance of the page from Web3 schools. Yeah, that's not a cloud flare worker
Anyways, we do have a couple comments and like working on explaining this to Cynthia says a web worker is a JavaScript that runs in the background independently from other scripts without affecting the performance of the page from Web3 schools. Yeah, that's not a cloud flare worker That is an accurate definition of a worker in the browser. And another one is, could a non-technical for a be like a local Amazon warehouses stalked with most commonly purchased items for that area? French kids. Or was that chef's kiss? Not French kids
That is an accurate definition of a worker in the browser. And another one is, could a non-technical for a be like a local Amazon warehouses stalked with most commonly purchased items for that area? French kids. Or was that chef's kiss? Not French kids I definitely think that's a really good way of explaining that. I do think I missed a cloud flare worker is like a natlify edge function. Yeah, or the lamb does on the edge or Dino deploy. Cloud flare Yeah, Versels edge function. Yes, yes they do
I definitely think that's a really good way of explaining that. I do think I missed a cloud flare worker is like a natlify edge function. Yeah, or the lamb does on the edge or Dino deploy. Cloud flare Yeah, Versels edge function. Yes, yes they do Yes, yes they do. Look, it happens to be that cloud flare tried this out first mainly because we had the edge infrastructure for the other products that cloud flare got really well known for, you know, like the CDN and the optimized networking and DDS support and stuff like that
Yes, yes they do. Look, it happens to be that cloud flare tried this out first mainly because we had the edge infrastructure for the other products that cloud flare got really well known for, you know, like the CDN and the optimized networking and DDS support and stuff like that So I think the part that I am like so I get edge, I get that part but I'm missing what is serverless again because aren't all serverless things still server servers on server somewhere? It's a tad bit of a misnomer. It's serverless for you
So I think the part that I am like so I get edge, I get that part but I'm missing what is serverless again because aren't all serverless things still server servers on server somewhere? It's a tad bit of a misnomer. It's serverless for you So say you're a company normally say like even 10 years ago, you would either be paying somebody else in an exorbitant amount of money to be acting as your server, right? All the hardware that you need the infrastructure for your products, your whatever it is
So say you're a company normally say like even 10 years ago, you would either be paying somebody else in an exorbitant amount of money to be acting as your server, right? All the hardware that you need the infrastructure for your products, your whatever it is Or you would buy your own hardware and then eat the maintenance cost. And again, that for the most part pushing that off onto somebody else where you don't have the servers, that's the serverless part. So I'm going to see if I can do a comparison based on my experience with GoDaddy
Or you would buy your own hardware and then eat the maintenance cost. And again, that for the most part pushing that off onto somebody else where you don't have the servers, that's the serverless part. So I'm going to see if I can do a comparison based on my experience with GoDaddy So if somebody's calling in to GoDaddy and they want to get a virtual server, that's technically serverless because it's virtual and edge is where to pull the data no matter where the data centers are, it would be edge would be pulling it like if there's I live in Colorado
So if somebody's calling in to GoDaddy and they want to get a virtual server, that's technically serverless because it's virtual and edge is where to pull the data no matter where the data centers are, it would be edge would be pulling it like if there's I live in Colorado So let's say GoDaddy is here and they had a data center in an hour away. They would do that before going to like Indiana to get the content. I feel like you mixed some edge stuff slightly with some serverless stuff
So let's say GoDaddy is here and they had a data center in an hour away. They would do that before going to like Indiana to get the content. I feel like you mixed some edge stuff slightly with some serverless stuff Yeah, again, like Anthony said running a virtual machine is a little different from serverless because you need to pick the version of Linux you want
Yeah, again, like Anthony said running a virtual machine is a little different from serverless because you need to pick the version of Linux you want It is technically Yeah, so that's the distinction between like like if you were to go do digital ocean or one of these other services versus in specific, I'm just going to write the code for the thing I want the server to do. And that's it. I don't care about the hardware at all
It is technically Yeah, so that's the distinction between like like if you were to go do digital ocean or one of these other services versus in specific, I'm just going to write the code for the thing I want the server to do. And that's it. I don't care about the hardware at all I just want it to do the thing. Okay. Right, I don't infrastructure, it's back in. Well, let's not say back in the infrastructure, not not something I'm going to worry about with serverless. Cool. Makes enough sense. And I like this
I just want it to do the thing. Okay. Right, I don't infrastructure, it's back in. Well, let's not say back in the infrastructure, not not something I'm going to worry about with serverless. Cool. Makes enough sense. And I like this And I like this. Smartphones example as well as the breakdown of we're talking about three different things. So all right. So I'm going to hit on that. The edge currently does not involve IOT devices yet. Okay
And I like this. Smartphones example as well as the breakdown of we're talking about three different things. So all right. So I'm going to hit on that. The edge currently does not involve IOT devices yet. Okay Okay. Now, will we eventually run arbitrary code on IOT devices and maybe smartphones? In the like? Yeah. Yeah, for sure. But currently the edge is going as far as like the equivalent of like somebody said warehouse is closer to the user or electrical substations
Okay. Now, will we eventually run arbitrary code on IOT devices and maybe smartphones? In the like? Yeah. Yeah, for sure. But currently the edge is going as far as like the equivalent of like somebody said warehouse is closer to the user or electrical substations But not as close as like literally in your hands. Okay. So he went over what? A server is serverless. I script. I'm going to bring it back to that. I'm going to bring that to that edge. So what is a worker? Uh, a serverless edge function. Okay. Thank you. That's bringing it all the way back around
But not as close as like literally in your hands. Okay. So he went over what? A server is serverless. I script. I'm going to bring it back to that. I'm going to bring that to that edge. So what is a worker? Uh, a serverless edge function. Okay. Thank you. That's bringing it all the way back around Full circle. Full circle on that one. All right. So then could you re-explain what you would be using a worker for? Could you go through that again? Oh, you can use them for just about anything you would do with a traditional server
Full circle. Full circle on that one. All right. So then could you re-explain what you would be using a worker for? Could you go through that again? Oh, you can use them for just about anything you would do with a traditional server Uh, they work particularly well with also like web hooks and event based things. They function incredibly well as proxies, middleware, all kinds of stuff. Okay. And how like? I feel like it's just not clicking, but this also happened
Uh, they work particularly well with also like web hooks and event based things. They function incredibly well as proxies, middleware, all kinds of stuff. Okay. And how like? I feel like it's just not clicking, but this also happened The first time I was going through Python queue, where I was just like, this is just not clicking at all. I'm thinking. Um, I think just taking it a setback. So how did you first learn about typescript and having to understand it? Oh, boy
The first time I was going through Python queue, where I was just like, this is just not clicking at all. I'm thinking. Um, I think just taking it a setback. So how did you first learn about typescript and having to understand it? Oh, boy So I went to a coding boot camp, um, which is they were, they were teaching, uh, uh, like different level courses. Um, now while I was there, what was popular was the, uh, mean stack and later, morn stack. And so we got into, um, you know, the Mongo Express React Node.js
So I went to a coding boot camp, um, which is they were, they were teaching, uh, uh, like different level courses. Um, now while I was there, what was popular was the, uh, mean stack and later, morn stack. And so we got into, um, you know, the Mongo Express React Node.jsjs. And one of the things that happened while I was there was this code editor called Adam that everybody was using, um, um, was the most like popular thing at the time. It was like the open source. Everybody loved it. It was extensible
js. And one of the things that happened while I was there was this code editor called Adam that everybody was using, um, um, was the most like popular thing at the time. It was like the open source. Everybody loved it. It was extensible It was extensible. And then I heard about VS code because I was, I was in Seattle when I was doing this coding boot camp. Uh, so people were going to meet ups at like Microsoft places and, uh, Amazon, uh, locations and all kinds of stuff. And somebody had brought up VS code
It was extensible. And then I heard about VS code because I was, I was in Seattle when I was doing this coding boot camp. Uh, so people were going to meet ups at like Microsoft places and, uh, Amazon, uh, locations and all kinds of stuff. And somebody had brought up VS code And I was like, I like trying new stuff. And one of the first things I noticed was, like when I hovered over certain things, I got this feedback from VS code. And I was like, what is this? What, why is it telling me this is, uh, you know, a number string. I already know that
And I was like, I like trying new stuff. And one of the first things I noticed was, like when I hovered over certain things, I got this feedback from VS code. And I was like, what is this? What, why is it telling me this is, uh, you know, a number string. I already know that And you saw that when I hovered over that stuff in the playground. Well, VS code is written in TypeScript. So it will give you some of those benefits a little bit. The best it can, even in jobscript
And you saw that when I hovered over that stuff in the playground. Well, VS code is written in TypeScript. So it will give you some of those benefits a little bit. The best it can, even in jobscript Um, so I had just kind of like, dug into VS code a little bit more, like looked into, uh, what was causing that, that extra information to show up. And found out about TypeScript
Um, so I had just kind of like, dug into VS code a little bit more, like looked into, uh, what was causing that, that extra information to show up. And found out about TypeScript This is back at when like, like, like four and a half, five years ago, um, when people were arguing if flow was going to be the next big, uh, thing for, for types, uh, TypeScript was just just kind of coming up in the conversations. So, yeah, that I, I learned about it through just serendipity
This is back at when like, like, like four and a half, five years ago, um, when people were arguing if flow was going to be the next big, uh, thing for, for types, uh, TypeScript was just just kind of coming up in the conversations. So, yeah, that I, I learned about it through just serendipity And, VS code kind of. Yeah, just somebody's like, hey, if you heard of this thing and I was like, now let me try it. And then I was like, oh, wow, what is this thing? Let me go look into that. Oh, right. Language. I get that. I get that
And, VS code kind of. Yeah, just somebody's like, hey, if you heard of this thing and I was like, now let me try it. And then I was like, oh, wow, what is this thing? Let me go look into that. Oh, right. Language. I get that. I get that I get that. I think, um, one thing that I really struggle on and I don't know if we have enough time to do it today, but I would want to follow up on is, I guess going through an exercise of seeing TypeScript or TypeScript to JavaScript in, um, you know, like we, what, all right
I get that. I think, um, one thing that I really struggle on and I don't know if we have enough time to do it today, but I would want to follow up on is, I guess going through an exercise of seeing TypeScript or TypeScript to JavaScript in, um, you know, like we, what, all right Um, what you were showing because like, that's just a good experience on seeing it. But then like, for some reason, I don't even know if this clicks, but actually going through the process of typing it in JavaScript to get to the same point TypeScript took care of
Um, what you were showing because like, that's just a good experience on seeing it. But then like, for some reason, I don't even know if this clicks, but actually going through the process of typing it in JavaScript to get to the same point TypeScript took care of So actually, um, because from what I saw is TypeScript at least made it a bit more, how do I say this? Uh, declarative? No, I don't know. Like, okay, if you write in TypeScript, is it smaller amount of text itself than if you write it in JavaScript? Hmm. Okay. So yes and no. Okay
So actually, um, because from what I saw is TypeScript at least made it a bit more, how do I say this? Uh, declarative? No, I don't know. Like, okay, if you write in TypeScript, is it smaller amount of text itself than if you write it in JavaScript? Hmm. Okay. So yes and no. Okay Okay. You can, as I show, just write JavaScript if you want. But if you were to start adding like the colons and defining the types and then creating, uh, like, uh, actual, uh, alias types, you're going to have a lot more text for sure
Okay. You can, as I show, just write JavaScript if you want. But if you were to start adding like the colons and defining the types and then creating, uh, like, uh, actual, uh, alias types, you're going to have a lot more text for sure But that, that overhead usually comes later in much more complex systems where the inference from TypeScript can always get the job done. Like, you have to sometimes help TypeScript's system know what's going on. And that's where the, uh, creating your own types or inlining types, uh, come in
But that, that overhead usually comes later in much more complex systems where the inference from TypeScript can always get the job done. Like, you have to sometimes help TypeScript's system know what's going on. And that's where the, uh, creating your own types or inlining types, uh, come in I think I'm just going to need to do like TypeScript one on one again, because this is something that it's very, very difficult for me to wrap my head around in all of the differences that build into TypeScript. Yeah
I think I'm just going to need to do like TypeScript one on one again, because this is something that it's very, very difficult for me to wrap my head around in all of the differences that build into TypeScript. Yeah Yeah. I mean, I will say Python, beginner Python was like wave or confusing them the next time. I was like, oh, I'm starting to get it. Yay. So I feel like this might just be another one of those where I'm just like, this is a lot to take in
Yeah. I mean, I will say Python, beginner Python was like wave or confusing them the next time. I was like, oh, I'm starting to get it. Yay. So I feel like this might just be another one of those where I'm just like, this is a lot to take in Um, I, I will ask for everybody watching like, what was your first experience with TypeScript too? Because is this something that like people just start to get right away? Or is it like something that is normally pretty convoluted or confusing in general
Um, I, I will ask for everybody watching like, what was your first experience with TypeScript too? Because is this something that like people just start to get right away? Or is it like something that is normally pretty convoluted or confusing in general Because I've heard that a lot with TypeScript
Because I've heard that a lot with TypeScript So at least knew that going into it. Yeah. Well, and like I mentioned before, the two pieces that usually caused that cognitive overhead at the beginning is people trying to understand the type system itself too much like just jumping right into that deep end with no floaties
So at least knew that going into it. Yeah. Well, and like I mentioned before, the two pieces that usually caused that cognitive overhead at the beginning is people trying to understand the type system itself too much like just jumping right into that deep end with no floaties Um, and the, the setups and the configurations and whatnot that have now been like abstracted away by a lot of these frameworks and other tools. So if you come at it with just a thought of, I'm just going to write JavaScript in this T.S. file. That's a really good place to start. Interesting
Um, and the, the setups and the configurations and whatnot that have now been like abstracted away by a lot of these frameworks and other tools. So if you come at it with just a thought of, I'm just going to write JavaScript in this T.S. file. That's a really good place to start. Interesting Interesting. All right. I, uh, we do have a few comments of, uh, um, Roy was saying, uh, in response to Anthony, um, you have to handle the typing. So that takes more, but you save on the other side by not needing to write checks. Interesting
Interesting. All right. I, uh, we do have a few comments of, uh, um, Roy was saying, uh, in response to Anthony, um, you have to handle the typing. So that takes more, but you save on the other side by not needing to write checks. Interesting Interesting. And Bacari said, it's a learning curve even for experience, uh, JavaScript developers
Interesting. And Bacari said, it's a learning curve even for experience, uh, JavaScript developers Thank God because the stuff is like, I, like I get what you're saying, uh, for like, not wanting, like, going to the deep end of like wanting to understand the types Jacob, but I feel like at the same time, I'm like, but I want to know. That's a personal choice
Thank God because the stuff is like, I, like I get what you're saying, uh, for like, not wanting, like, going to the deep end of like wanting to understand the types Jacob, but I feel like at the same time, I'm like, but I want to know. That's a personal choice Now, by all means, I also understand that kind of curiosity. Yeah. Yeah. And, uh, Ben said, uh, back in college, uh, was taught Java, which is strongly typed language. So started hearing typescripts and I was like, oh, uh, people are cramming Java into JavaScript
Now, by all means, I also understand that kind of curiosity. Yeah. Yeah. And, uh, Ben said, uh, back in college, uh, was taught Java, which is strongly typed language. So started hearing typescripts and I was like, oh, uh, people are cramming Java into JavaScript Ooh, I feel like I need to learn Java someday too. So I'm not. No problem. Cynthia has students write a discord bot. Oh, that's. Yeah, that's. Cynthia, you want to come on the show and let's write a discord bot? Like that just sounds fun. That's both awesome and savage
Ooh, I feel like I need to learn Java someday too. So I'm not. No problem. Cynthia has students write a discord bot. Oh, that's. Yeah, that's. Cynthia, you want to come on the show and let's write a discord bot? Like that just sounds fun. That's both awesome and savage Like, Cynthia, I feel like even if we have to do it as like a multiple episode thing, that could be really cool. Uh, and then we go into to lunchtime. Uh, uh, Ben's lessons to learn Java. Anthony said, learning Java will only serve to make you like every other language in the world more
Like, Cynthia, I feel like even if we have to do it as like a multiple episode thing, that could be really cool. Uh, and then we go into to lunchtime. Uh, uh, Ben's lessons to learn Java. Anthony said, learning Java will only serve to make you like every other language in the world more Fair enough. Um, Cynthia, maybe we could just like put, you can have like a sticky note over your camera. And then nobody would know. We could just like change your name. Um, you know, we could come up with ways for you to be on the show without people knowing that you're on the show. I don't know
Fair enough. Um, Cynthia, maybe we could just like put, you can have like a sticky note over your camera. And then nobody would know. We could just like change your name. Um, you know, we could come up with ways for you to be on the show without people knowing that you're on the show. I don't know I don't know. I'm just, I'm just looking at that one. And yes, you guys are talking about lunch, which does make me get old, but I am like super, super hungry too. I have coffee. Well, that's nice. Yeah, I don't. Yeah, it's been. Ben agrees
I don't know. I'm just, I'm just looking at that one. And yes, you guys are talking about lunch, which does make me get old, but I am like super, super hungry too. I have coffee. Well, that's nice. Yeah, I don't. Yeah, it's been. Ben agrees Ben agrees. Cynthia, we got to do this, but we can just like, Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. The comments, the comments. All right. Well, I will say that I'm on brain overload for today. Um, like working on comprehending all of this
Ben agrees. Cynthia, we got to do this, but we can just like, Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. The comments, the comments. All right. Well, I will say that I'm on brain overload for today. Um, like working on comprehending all of this Is there anything else anyone wanted to ask about before we wrap up today? Give you a few minutes. Do some random dances. I don't know if I've ever said I have one of those bike pedal things underneath my desk. And I don't know if anybody ever hears it or can see me like, randomly moving
Is there anything else anyone wanted to ask about before we wrap up today? Give you a few minutes. Do some random dances. I don't know if I've ever said I have one of those bike pedal things underneath my desk. And I don't know if anybody ever hears it or can see me like, randomly moving But that is. So my new favorite thing. It's like having a fidget spinner, but for my legs to keep me busy and moving. Yeah. So you don't have to just ask questions about tight script. You could ask about cloudflare stuff, I suppose, or I'm Roy. Stop it. Stop. All right
But that is. So my new favorite thing. It's like having a fidget spinner, but for my legs to keep me busy and moving. Yeah. So you don't have to just ask questions about tight script. You could ask about cloudflare stuff, I suppose, or I'm Roy. Stop it. Stop. All right Stop. All right. Joe Previtt has a great course coming out. For TypeScript. It's going to be good. It's going to be good. I said, um, how many, um, I don't know. It's like down pretty long. And it's pretty long. It's pretty long. As a super random side note, I guess not this week
Stop. All right. Joe Previtt has a great course coming out. For TypeScript. It's going to be good. It's going to be good. I said, um, how many, um, I don't know. It's like down pretty long. And it's pretty long. It's pretty long. As a super random side note, I guess not this week But next week, we will start live streaming our D&D campaign. So I'm excited about that. I don't know, you know, anybody else cares about it. I'm excited. All right. So to further elaborate, we're having a Friday night D&D Dungeons and Dragons stream
But next week, we will start live streaming our D&D campaign. So I'm excited about that. I don't know, you know, anybody else cares about it. I'm excited. All right. So to further elaborate, we're having a Friday night D&D Dungeons and Dragons stream Space of oh, I'm so excited about being a space of oh. Okay, please, please. Please be in your 930 PM central time. Now, you're like, what campaign are you going to do? Spell jammer. We're going to be in space. Now, Gen chose the hippo race. I'm going to be a space hippo
Space of oh, I'm so excited about being a space of oh. Okay, please, please. Please be in your 930 PM central time. Now, you're like, what campaign are you going to do? Spell jammer. We're going to be in space. Now, Gen chose the hippo race. I'm going to be a space hippo Who's excited about that? That's just spy. That is a spy. It's a spy space hippo. This could be great. It's going to be great. I've never played before. Anybody like understands like building a backstory and stuff. Like, please hit me up because I think I'm supposed to have that done by tomorrow
Who's excited about that? That's just spy. That is a spy. It's a spy space hippo. This could be great. It's going to be great. I've never played before. Anybody like understands like building a backstory and stuff. Like, please hit me up because I think I'm supposed to have that done by tomorrow And I've never built one. Yeah, we're going to be doing a off stream session zero. I'm going to try to get the virtual tabletop set up properly by then. We'll see. But yeah, yeah, it's going to be exciting. Besides that, I don't think anybody else has any questions
And I've never built one. Yeah, we're going to be doing a off stream session zero. I'm going to try to get the virtual tabletop set up properly by then. We'll see. But yeah, yeah, it's going to be exciting. Besides that, I don't think anybody else has any questions Roy is also going to be one of the players. I'm the Dungeons master. I will be telling the story and weaving tales for our intrepid adventurers. Yay, Ben. I use the D&Ds. Yes, yes. He was actually someone that I told about when we were doing character creation. I was talking to Ben about it
Roy is also going to be one of the players. I'm the Dungeons master. I will be telling the story and weaving tales for our intrepid adventurers. Yay, Ben. I use the D&Ds. Yes, yes. He was actually someone that I told about when we were doing character creation. I was talking to Ben about it Because I was like, this is all new. This is fun. Hopefully my character is cool. Yeah, it's spelled jammer in particular is kind of short of like, it could be done in like 12 sessions, which for us would be like 12 weeks. So I plan on, it starts at level five characters
Because I was like, this is all new. This is fun. Hopefully my character is cool. Yeah, it's spelled jammer in particular is kind of short of like, it could be done in like 12 sessions, which for us would be like 12 weeks. So I plan on, it starts at level five characters I plan on actually scaling things pretty quick. So that you all experience some like pretty cool character development, leveling up. So I'm going to go on a little outside the book on that one. I might even add like, one shot here and there inside of the main story
I plan on actually scaling things pretty quick. So that you all experience some like pretty cool character development, leveling up. So I'm going to go on a little outside the book on that one. I might even add like, one shot here and there inside of the main story So that we can have special guests come in to the stream. Yeah, I was going to say we've got Ben, Ben, Ben, who else we've got. I get people DME all the time now. It's like can I join your D&D stream? So I'm like, maybe. I don't even know how I got into being on the campaign
So that we can have special guests come in to the stream. Yeah, I was going to say we've got Ben, Ben, Ben, who else we've got. I get people DME all the time now. It's like can I join your D&D stream? So I'm like, maybe. I don't even know how I got into being on the campaign You were in a space and you said can I join? And I said, sure. Figures, figures. Oh my gosh, you said that Dan was a monk named Monkey. Yeah. A monkey, monkey. That could be a fun one. That could be a fun one. All right, y'all. Don't, don't, don't name your hippo, hippo or something
You were in a space and you said can I join? And I said, sure. Figures, figures. Oh my gosh, you said that Dan was a monk named Monkey. Yeah. A monkey, monkey. That could be a fun one. That could be a fun one. All right, y'all. Don't, don't, don't name your hippo, hippo or something What about hip hop? Oh my god. What about hippity hop? Oh, could I name it like R&B instead and it would be really funny? No, I was liking that idea. What? Hmm. Do you know hippos are actually really scary? Yeah. Like you're like really scary
What about hip hop? Oh my god. What about hippity hop? Oh, could I name it like R&B instead and it would be really funny? No, I was liking that idea. What? Hmm. Do you know hippos are actually really scary? Yeah. Like you're like really scary They account for most the human fatalities in the, I think it's the Savannah or something like that. Yeah. Like far more than lions and crocodiles, all that stuff. Cynthia, thank you for having my back here. I like it. Hippy. I like that. Okay. I'll share my screen. Oh, hip hop, hip ops. The hippo
They account for most the human fatalities in the, I think it's the Savannah or something like that. Yeah. Like far more than lions and crocodiles, all that stuff. Cynthia, thank you for having my back here. I like it. Hippy. I like that. Okay. I'll share my screen. Oh, hip hop, hip ops. The hippo The hippo. Hoppy, the hippo. No, Roy. Yeah, like can we work on like trying to come up with a name? Let me share my screen. Look, if you do, if you do R. Dot B dot and you have a good name for that acronym, I'll allow it. No, Diva
The hippo. Hoppy, the hippo. No, Roy. Yeah, like can we work on like trying to come up with a name? Let me share my screen. Look, if you do, if you do R. Dot B dot and you have a good name for that acronym, I'll allow it. No, Diva No, Diva. Oh, can I do Beyonce? I I would be concerned about the streams DMCA. Okay, that's, that's fair. Oh, there's even more names. Uh, oh, I Oh, hippo. These are, these are, I see names. Right, Alvin. I mean, I don't think I can out name a hippo, Alvin. It's not a chunk monk
No, Diva. Oh, can I do Beyonce? I I would be concerned about the streams DMCA. Okay, that's, that's fair. Oh, there's even more names. Uh, oh, I Oh, hippo. These are, these are, I see names. Right, Alvin. I mean, I don't think I can out name a hippo, Alvin. It's not a chunk monk Baby hippo names gummy bear. That's weird. That easy. I feel like they just scuba diver. They dive underwater. Okay. Interesting. Oh, we got little hippie. So we can do little hip hop. Hippity hop. Hippity hop. Giant hippo. And then call yourself little hippie, the hippo. I'm okay with it. Baby
Baby hippo names gummy bear. That's weird. That easy. I feel like they just scuba diver. They dive underwater. Okay. Interesting. Oh, we got little hippie. So we can do little hip hop. Hippity hop. Hippity hop. Giant hippo. And then call yourself little hippie, the hippo. I'm okay with it. Baby Baby. It might, it might happen. I don't know. This is going to be. There's different types of hippos. Famous hippos. I don't get why they like put other hippo names and then like these ones. Pink Pippo. Hippo. Hippo, the pot of this. Yeah. Yes. Yes. Dolph. Penelope. I'm not going to lie
Baby. It might, it might happen. I don't know. This is going to be. There's different types of hippos. Famous hippos. I don't get why they like put other hippo names and then like these ones. Pink Pippo. Hippo. Hippo, the pot of this. Yeah. Yes. Yes. Dolph. Penelope. I'm not going to lie These ones like are starting to make me think about like, uh, Pokemon. All right. So we got, we got some, we got some options of what to name my character. If, uh, haha, ha, half on I am three
These ones like are starting to make me think about like, uh, Pokemon. All right. So we got, we got some, we got some options of what to name my character. If, uh, haha, ha, half on I am three And if anybody comes up with like, they think is like the coolest most dopest hippo name ever, please DM me. Because I have a date to figure out this out. Or cannot like figure it out by next week. I just have to have like temporary name tomorrow. Yep. Okay. Okay. I feel, I feel like there's hope
And if anybody comes up with like, they think is like the coolest most dopest hippo name ever, please DM me. Because I have a date to figure out this out. Or cannot like figure it out by next week. I just have to have like temporary name tomorrow. Yep. Okay. Okay. I feel, I feel like there's hope I will, I will figure it out. Yeah. Tomorrow is going to be mostly just, um, getting familiar with this, the, ping.gg setup. Okay. Me getting the stream setup and I, I, hopefully figuring out the virtual tabletop a little bit
I will, I will figure it out. Yeah. Tomorrow is going to be mostly just, um, getting familiar with this, the, ping.gg setup. Okay. Me getting the stream setup and I, I, hopefully figuring out the virtual tabletop a little bit And then getting y'all familiar with like, where your character sheets are and your, uh, how you could like roll for stuff and, and whatnot. All right. Well, uh, bye, Ben. For everybody new hanging out with us today, please click that follow wherever. Down there. Things down there
And then getting y'all familiar with like, where your character sheets are and your, uh, how you could like roll for stuff and, and whatnot. All right. Well, uh, bye, Ben. For everybody new hanging out with us today, please click that follow wherever. Down there. Things down there Things down there. And tomorrow we will be streaming about next, JS. I've done a little bit of next JS. So this is to see if we can go through a full setup tomorrow. And like make changes because it used to, yeah, it's going to be fun. Same time. Four days a week
Things down there. And tomorrow we will be streaming about next, JS. I've done a little bit of next JS. So this is to see if we can go through a full setup tomorrow. And like make changes because it used to, yeah, it's going to be fun. Same time. Four days a week Four days a week. Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday. Wednesdays is my mental health and neurodiversity. Twitter space at the same time. So yay. Thank you for coming on the show today, Jacob. Bye. Bye.
Four days a week. Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday. Wednesdays is my mental health and neurodiversity. Twitter space at the same time. So yay. Thank you for coming on the show today, Jacob. Bye. Bye.