Hello, hello beautiful humans. Welcome to another episode. I honestly don't know if these are called episodes stream. Either works, I guess. Yeah, I don't know what to call them. Well, thanks for showing up today, everyone for a teach Gen Tech and welcome Leo. Yeah, I just did like some weird light Anyway, this is it's a Tuesday. Yesterday was a holiday. Today's my Monday and I'm feeling it. Welcome to the show Leo. See if I can actually talk and please introduce yourself and what you're currently working on and what you're going to teach us. Absolutely. So yes, I my name is Leo
Anyway, this is it's a Tuesday. Yesterday was a holiday. Today's my Monday and I'm feeling it. Welcome to the show Leo. See if I can actually talk and please introduce yourself and what you're currently working on and what you're going to teach us. Absolutely. So yes, I my name is Leo I'm currently by day a software engineer at the start of called copy AI. We do a bunch of really cool stuff with like GPT and tech generation
I'm currently by day a software engineer at the start of called copy AI. We do a bunch of really cool stuff with like GPT and tech generation And then on the side, I've got a number of fun little projects, the current product I'm currently building out is who should I unfollow to identify dormant Twitter accounts that you follow. That's cool
And then on the side, I've got a number of fun little projects, the current product I'm currently building out is who should I unfollow to identify dormant Twitter accounts that you follow. That's cool That's cool. It's it is incredibly useful and it's something I built out of frustration because I follow a lot of people and I kept hitting the 5000 person limit that you can follow. And so I'd have to go through an unfollow kind of one at a time. And I was like, this should be easier
That's cool. It's it is incredibly useful and it's something I built out of frustration because I follow a lot of people and I kept hitting the 5000 person limit that you can follow. And so I'd have to go through an unfollow kind of one at a time. And I was like, this should be easier So I made it easier over the three months because you know, it's never quite as easy as all of that to actually build a product. But yeah, it's been fun. And then I've got a Twitter CRM that I've been building out now for over a year and actually part of this is rebuilding that
So I made it easier over the three months because you know, it's never quite as easy as all of that to actually build a product. But yeah, it's been fun. And then I've got a Twitter CRM that I've been building out now for over a year and actually part of this is rebuilding that But and then I do a number of things that I got a podcast. I'm getting into the streaming realm. And so that kind of brings us to today's topic of data models
But and then I do a number of things that I got a podcast. I'm getting into the streaming realm. And so that kind of brings us to today's topic of data models And so one of the things I find very, very helpful in creating any sort of system, whether it's like a full like application that I'm building or just basic automations, I like to identify the data I need and kind of build out models
And so one of the things I find very, very helpful in creating any sort of system, whether it's like a full like application that I'm building or just basic automations, I like to identify the data I need and kind of build out models And that helps me understand how that data moves through systems. And so once you have a good understanding of that, the design of the systems kind of really come into into focus pretty well
And that helps me understand how that data moves through systems. And so once you have a good understanding of that, the design of the systems kind of really come into into focus pretty well So I figured this should be a great opportunity to kind of dig into a scheduling thing I've been working on and kind of looking at how to allow people to kind of come in bound and schedule either you know streams or recordings and kind of how we can do some of that modeling
So I figured this should be a great opportunity to kind of dig into a scheduling thing I've been working on and kind of looking at how to allow people to kind of come in bound and schedule either you know streams or recordings and kind of how we can do some of that modeling So I think that'd be a fun topic for today. So let's do it. Yes. And really quick, because you you didn't mention quite a few. And I think it would be cool because you talked about the podcast and what you're going to be starting streaming
So I think that'd be a fun topic for today. So let's do it. Yes. And really quick, because you you didn't mention quite a few. And I think it would be cool because you talked about the podcast and what you're going to be starting streaming Please feel a sense on that too, because I'm like, yeah, absolutely. There's so much knowledge drops that we got to make sure we got them all. That that that's kind of the hard part. So it is. So the podcast is called how to scale yourself. And I'm in the second season right now
Please feel a sense on that too, because I'm like, yeah, absolutely. There's so much knowledge drops that we got to make sure we got them all. That that that's kind of the hard part. So it is. So the podcast is called how to scale yourself. And I'm in the second season right now And it's all just like conversations with people who are scaling various aspects themselves kind of using the internet. Talk to several entrepreneurs, talk to our mutual friend, low values, actually my first guest. Because you know, he's awesome and just
And it's all just like conversations with people who are scaling various aspects themselves kind of using the internet. Talk to several entrepreneurs, talk to our mutual friend, low values, actually my first guest. Because you know, he's awesome and just But yeah, it's I see so many people doing really cool things online. And mostly I started the podcast because I just wanted to talk to some of them and see what people are doing and like just have conversations. And so that's what's out
But yeah, it's I see so many people doing really cool things online. And mostly I started the podcast because I just wanted to talk to some of them and see what people are doing and like just have conversations. And so that's what's out And it's actually like I'm really focused on like having it just be raw conversations like I don't put a ton of effort into like editing
And it's actually like I'm really focused on like having it just be raw conversations like I don't put a ton of effort into like editing It's really just about the conversation because I think one of the biggest issues right now that we have is all of the content that's being put out online is extremely polished because you're having to compete on kind of these like external qualities, right, is opposed to the actual meat of the podcast, right, or whatever we're doing
It's really just about the conversation because I think one of the biggest issues right now that we have is all of the content that's being put out online is extremely polished because you're having to compete on kind of these like external qualities, right, is opposed to the actual meat of the podcast, right, or whatever we're doing And so that's one of my ways to kind of fight back against that
And so that's one of my ways to kind of fight back against that And then with the streaming that's actually part of a thing I'm doing called building public university, which is really all about like capturing kind of those unique essences, being raw and unfiltered and then kind of building out shared media platforms that we can use to kind of share people stories and help them
And then with the streaming that's actually part of a thing I'm doing called building public university, which is really all about like capturing kind of those unique essences, being raw and unfiltered and then kind of building out shared media platforms that we can use to kind of share people stories and help them And get to kind of that baseline of quality so they can focus on sharing what matters
And get to kind of that baseline of quality so they can focus on sharing what matters And in this case, really, their story and why they're doing what they're doing and kind of the most important aspects of that as opposed to trying to compete in the realm of like SEO and fighting the algorithm for distribution. Yeah, I think I think we're just doing a lot of things the wrong way
And in this case, really, their story and why they're doing what they're doing and kind of the most important aspects of that as opposed to trying to compete in the realm of like SEO and fighting the algorithm for distribution. Yeah, I think I think we're just doing a lot of things the wrong way And so this is my effort to start doing things the right way and actually, you know, focus on the stuff that matters. So that's all of that and that's how it is fun. I just have a lot of fun doing it. And so yeah
And so this is my effort to start doing things the right way and actually, you know, focus on the stuff that matters. So that's all of that and that's how it is fun. I just have a lot of fun doing it. And so yeah And so yeah. I feel like I'm going to be asking you about a ton of that stuff later on because just scalability. It's actually what I'm really good at. I'm really good at the whole scaling thing because I just build systems that can help with scale
And so yeah. I feel like I'm going to be asking you about a ton of that stuff later on because just scalability. It's actually what I'm really good at. I'm really good at the whole scaling thing because I just build systems that can help with scale And so that's how I manage kind of doing a whole bunch of different things
And so that's how I manage kind of doing a whole bunch of different things I build out systems that can support that because I think that's really the most important thing that we can do because we can achieve all sorts of things that we need to have those systems in place or it's really easy to burn out. Yeah, yeah, it's a and I mentioned that because I have the oh, yay
I build out systems that can support that because I think that's really the most important thing that we can do because we can achieve all sorts of things that we need to have those systems in place or it's really easy to burn out. Yeah, yeah, it's a and I mentioned that because I have the oh, yay Thank you for saying hi. You got a hello. Excellent. And it's definitely something that I found that I'm like, if I just do the project itself, I have time for all of these projects, but it's the social media. I say it like that because I have my podcast shit. You don't want to talk about
Thank you for saying hi. You got a hello. Excellent. And it's definitely something that I found that I'm like, if I just do the project itself, I have time for all of these projects, but it's the social media. I say it like that because I have my podcast shit. You don't want to talk about So when you talk about unfiltered topics, I'm like, yes, yes, please give me more love them. And then I have teach you on tech. K cool. This one, at least you know, is somewhat like easier because it's all livestream. I just have to make the graphics and tech people
So when you talk about unfiltered topics, I'm like, yes, yes, please give me more love them. And then I have teach you on tech. K cool. This one, at least you know, is somewhat like easier because it's all livestream. I just have to make the graphics and tech people So that one is easier, but like the Denver API meetup. I'm like, now I have to think like someone else to be able to post up. And then now I'm consulting with gravity and being able to do more of that type of content and also be myself tying them all together. Right
So that one is easier, but like the Denver API meetup. I'm like, now I have to think like someone else to be able to post up. And then now I'm consulting with gravity and being able to do more of that type of content and also be myself tying them all together. Right Right. And I'm like, so scalability, that is something that scalability. And that actually kind of comes back to the data models because one of the key aspects to being able to scale is to having data models that effectively scale
Right. And I'm like, so scalability, that is something that scalability. And that actually kind of comes back to the data models because one of the key aspects to being able to scale is to having data models that effectively scale And so what you'll find with a lot of like just kind of clumsily design systems, as you start to scale the data models fall apart, they don't work well together. You end up with them
And so what you'll find with a lot of like just kind of clumsily design systems, as you start to scale the data models fall apart, they don't work well together. You end up with them You know, like as you start scaling, you have to start thinking about things like, okay, what happens if the same data comes in multiple times, right? Like how do we handle that
You know, like as you start scaling, you have to start thinking about things like, okay, what happens if the same data comes in multiple times, right? Like how do we handle that And so kind of figuring out how to like identify the data that matters and then organize it in a way that does effectively scale because otherwise you're going to be fighting the system more than it's helping you, right? And that that's kind of the balance
And so kind of figuring out how to like identify the data that matters and then organize it in a way that does effectively scale because otherwise you're going to be fighting the system more than it's helping you, right? And that that's kind of the balance And I have been known to build systems like, oh, I did this thing once like I'll just build this giant system now. And that's not a great way to do it. But it is a good way to get experience doing it. So it's that catch 22. Yeah
And I have been known to build systems like, oh, I did this thing once like I'll just build this giant system now. And that's not a great way to do it. But it is a good way to get experience doing it. So it's that catch 22. Yeah Yeah. And I would say that like something that like I realized before our stream, like I get what data models are, but I don't get what data models are like it's very like abstract yet at the same time. I'm like, it's another one of those that it makes total sense yet doesn't make any sense. Right
Yeah. And I would say that like something that like I realized before our stream, like I get what data models are, but I don't get what data models are like it's very like abstract yet at the same time. I'm like, it's another one of those that it makes total sense yet doesn't make any sense. Right Right. So could you define for us what a data model is? So a data model in its simplest terms is a representation of something in the real world. And I mean, I say real world and actually that doesn't even need to technically be true. But the idea with the data model is essentially it's
Right. So could you define for us what a data model is? So a data model in its simplest terms is a representation of something in the real world. And I mean, I say real world and actually that doesn't even need to technically be true. But the idea with the data model is essentially it's So a model is a representation of something, right? And so the data model is the collection of attributes that you care about for that object
So a model is a representation of something, right? And so the data model is the collection of attributes that you care about for that object So, you know, you could have a very simple data model that is simply like an ID to determine which one of these things, right? Like if you have a collection of marbles, like, okay, well, I've got 400 marbles. So I'm going to identify one from the other
So, you know, you could have a very simple data model that is simply like an ID to determine which one of these things, right? Like if you have a collection of marbles, like, okay, well, I've got 400 marbles. So I'm going to identify one from the other Okay, well, throw out a numeric ID on it, right? So there's just numbered. You can count them. Now, obviously that that's a that's an incredibly simple example, not particularly useful
Okay, well, throw out a numeric ID on it, right? So there's just numbered. You can count them. Now, obviously that that's a that's an incredibly simple example, not particularly useful But one of the models that I think is really important that is also very difficult is kind of a person, right? And I say this because it's really interesting to think about how different social media platforms model people. And more importantly, how they model those relationships
But one of the models that I think is really important that is also very difficult is kind of a person, right? And I say this because it's really interesting to think about how different social media platforms model people. And more importantly, how they model those relationships And so this is something I focused a lot on. And so, you know, you think of a person on Twitter, for example, since I know we're both active there. What is that like, what does that look like? Right? And so you've got kind of their display name. You've got their username
And so this is something I focused a lot on. And so, you know, you think of a person on Twitter, for example, since I know we're both active there. What is that like, what does that look like? Right? And so you've got kind of their display name. You've got their username You know, you have their their profile picture, their their header image, their bio, right? And so as you start adding in these different pieces, you start to get this more complete picture of what this person is
You know, you have their their profile picture, their their header image, their bio, right? And so as you start adding in these different pieces, you start to get this more complete picture of what this person is And one of the one of the trickiest things with data modeling is if it's not in the data model, it doesn't exist
And one of the one of the trickiest things with data modeling is if it's not in the data model, it doesn't exist And you know, typically like you think of a person and then you start trying to associate that with a Twitter profile, the natural inclination is to just assume a lot of things about the person, right? Like, and but in terms of like the system, if it's not there, it doesn't exist
And you know, typically like you think of a person and then you start trying to associate that with a Twitter profile, the natural inclination is to just assume a lot of things about the person, right? Like, and but in terms of like the system, if it's not there, it doesn't exist And so that's the the toughest part with kind of creating these models is you want to determine what needs to exist to make the system function effectively. And it gets trickier too when you start thinking about how systems interact because, you know, so like as I build out, for example, a CRM
And so that's the the toughest part with kind of creating these models is you want to determine what needs to exist to make the system function effectively. And it gets trickier too when you start thinking about how systems interact because, you know, so like as I build out, for example, a CRM And I've got the idea of a person, right? And I want to get some of that information from Twitter. And so there's there's Twitter's idea of a person. And then there's my, my, you know, object, my, my data model of a person
And I've got the idea of a person, right? And I want to get some of that information from Twitter. And so there's there's Twitter's idea of a person. And then there's my, my, you know, object, my, my data model of a person So as I'm building out these models, one of the things I like to look at are kind of how do we transform like a Twitter person into like a, you know, a feather person and fetish my, my CRM that I'm building
So as I'm building out these models, one of the things I like to look at are kind of how do we transform like a Twitter person into like a, you know, a feather person and fetish my, my CRM that I'm building So, you know, we need to figure out kind of like what parts of that model Twitter has, what parts I have, and then where I can get kind of the data that I don't have yet
So, you know, we need to figure out kind of like what parts of that model Twitter has, what parts I have, and then where I can get kind of the data that I don't have yet And so kind of the way I view this is if you're familiar kind of with graphs here and I'm a big fan of a concept called a directed a cyclic graph, which sounds horribly complicated, but it's really not really, but you know, if you think of a graph, it's essentially just a collection of nodes and lines
And so kind of the way I view this is if you're familiar kind of with graphs here and I'm a big fan of a concept called a directed a cyclic graph, which sounds horribly complicated, but it's really not really, but you know, if you think of a graph, it's essentially just a collection of nodes and lines And so, you know, circles and lines connected that that's in very basic terms, a graph. So, but a directed a cyclic graph has two unique properties. So it's, um, each connection between two nodes can go in a specific direction. So that's the directed part of it, right
And so, you know, circles and lines connected that that's in very basic terms, a graph. So, but a directed a cyclic graph has two unique properties. So it's, um, each connection between two nodes can go in a specific direction. So that's the directed part of it, right Like so from node a to node b. And for me, this is a lot of like system a to system B, right. So it's going from Twitter to feather. And so, okay, we understand that connection exists. And then the other part of it is actually a cyclic. So there are no cycles
Like so from node a to node b. And for me, this is a lot of like system a to system B, right. So it's going from Twitter to feather. And so, okay, we understand that connection exists. And then the other part of it is actually a cyclic. So there are no cycles So it's like, I don't look at it in terms of going from like Twitter to feather and back to Twitter. I look at it as going from like Twitter to feather. And then there's a different graph that would be like feather to Twitter. Like so what this really maps out then is it kind of
So it's like, I don't look at it in terms of going from like Twitter to feather and back to Twitter. I look at it as going from like Twitter to feather. And then there's a different graph that would be like feather to Twitter. Like so what this really maps out then is it kind of It's a really good way of mapping the flow of data through time. And I did a lot of this when I was working as like a data engineer in healthcare. You know, we're getting all of these data sources in from different places. We had to combine them
It's a really good way of mapping the flow of data through time. And I did a lot of this when I was working as like a data engineer in healthcare. You know, we're getting all of these data sources in from different places. We had to combine them They go through this pipeline that like does various transformations reporting and everything. And so the benefit of kind of modeling it in this directed a cyclic graph is, you know, you have kind of these like well defined steps that the data goes through, right
They go through this pipeline that like does various transformations reporting and everything. And so the benefit of kind of modeling it in this directed a cyclic graph is, you know, you have kind of these like well defined steps that the data goes through, right And so it's like, okay, so I get the first step is like I get the data from Twitter. Okay, cool. Now I've got this data. And then the next step is like, okay, I transform this data into the format that feathers expecting
And so it's like, okay, so I get the first step is like I get the data from Twitter. Okay, cool. Now I've got this data. And then the next step is like, okay, I transform this data into the format that feathers expecting And then, you know, from there, it's like, okay, well, now I know that I'm missing this piece of data so I can go to this external API to pull that right. And so then I combine that with the data. And then finally, like I pass it on the feather
And then, you know, from there, it's like, okay, well, now I know that I'm missing this piece of data so I can go to this external API to pull that right. And so then I combine that with the data. And then finally, like I pass it on the feather And so, you know, you can see these very like distinct steps. And it's actually a really good way to just understand how data moves through systems and kind of these different steps. And so that's that's kind of the flow of data. Yeah, quick question
And so, you know, you can see these very like distinct steps. And it's actually a really good way to just understand how data moves through systems and kind of these different steps. And so that's that's kind of the flow of data. Yeah, quick question Just because like something that came to mind that me make a bit of sense. And I'm only using these because I think they're a little bit more well known. So as a comparison of a lot of people have used like sales force and a lot of people have used like HubSpot
Just because like something that came to mind that me make a bit of sense. And I'm only using these because I think they're a little bit more well known. So as a comparison of a lot of people have used like sales force and a lot of people have used like HubSpot But some people use like HubSpot for more marketing than for a CRM people do it for both. So the way I'm kind of like thinking about the way you're talking about stuff is you were saying Twitter into feather than feather goes to something else
But some people use like HubSpot for more marketing than for a CRM people do it for both. So the way I'm kind of like thinking about the way you're talking about stuff is you were saying Twitter into feather than feather goes to something else But it would not be where like sales force and HubSpot need to talk to each other and pass data back and forth. That would be a different data model. So no, it can be the same
But it would not be where like sales force and HubSpot need to talk to each other and pass data back and forth. That would be a different data model. So no, it can be the same And so you can actually like pass data back and forth, but the trick is to kind of instead of like it just being a circle where it's kind of happening all the time. You kind of think of it in like very specific steps
And so you can actually like pass data back and forth, but the trick is to kind of instead of like it just being a circle where it's kind of happening all the time. You kind of think of it in like very specific steps And so, you know, in actuality, the system might perform these steps very, very quickly. Like it could be in the order of milliseconds, right. And even like as you're designing an API
And so, you know, in actuality, the system might perform these steps very, very quickly. Like it could be in the order of milliseconds, right. And even like as you're designing an API You know, you may go out to this system, get some information back based on that information, you know, send another request and kind of go back and forth
You know, you may go out to this system, get some information back based on that information, you know, send another request and kind of go back and forth But in terms of like modeling out the steps you have to go through, this is a really good way to just kind of simplify the thinking about it, right. And so as you're deciding like what needs to happen, you can always combine that into steps that like again happen very quickly
But in terms of like modeling out the steps you have to go through, this is a really good way to just kind of simplify the thinking about it, right. And so as you're deciding like what needs to happen, you can always combine that into steps that like again happen very quickly But you don't need to think about it from like this whole perspective of I've got to do all these things in like a single step. So it's really all about breaking out the steps into individual pieces that you can kind of understand as they flow through time, right
But you don't need to think about it from like this whole perspective of I've got to do all these things in like a single step. So it's really all about breaking out the steps into individual pieces that you can kind of understand as they flow through time, right And so it's really about like ordering the steps and kind of figuring out which steps need to happen. And so, you know, in data pipelines, a lot of times these are very discrete steps, whereas in designing like an application, they may be kind of combined together
And so it's really about like ordering the steps and kind of figuring out which steps need to happen. And so, you know, in data pipelines, a lot of times these are very discrete steps, whereas in designing like an application, they may be kind of combined together But if you break them out in kind of that way of thinking, it's just a lot easier to reason about and a lot easier to kind of like hold in your mind, right
But if you break them out in kind of that way of thinking, it's just a lot easier to reason about and a lot easier to kind of like hold in your mind, right And that's one of the toughest parts of like software engineering as you start to like develop these very complex data models, right, because the world is a complex place. So the more you have to kind of hold in your mind at any one point in time, the harder it is
And that's one of the toughest parts of like software engineering as you start to like develop these very complex data models, right, because the world is a complex place. So the more you have to kind of hold in your mind at any one point in time, the harder it is And so that that's why I really like to just focus in on things like as fine grain as possible in these steps. And so when I break it out into these like individual steps, I can then focus on like, you know, maybe it's just like a single method
And so that that's why I really like to just focus in on things like as fine grain as possible in these steps. And so when I break it out into these like individual steps, I can then focus on like, you know, maybe it's just like a single method And so that's the thing that I'm trying to implement as opposed to holding the whole thing in mind, because when you really do a good job of designing your data models and kind of how that data flows
And so that's the thing that I'm trying to implement as opposed to holding the whole thing in mind, because when you really do a good job of designing your data models and kind of how that data flows You don't you shouldn't have to worry about the rest of it, because it should be very tightly kind of controlled as to which part of the system you're affecting for any change
You don't you shouldn't have to worry about the rest of it, because it should be very tightly kind of controlled as to which part of the system you're affecting for any change And so the biggest part to having scalable systems, because it gets tougher when you're, you know, you might have heard like leaky abstractions, that that's something that kind of comes up right. And so the abstraction is essentially the data model you're using
And so the biggest part to having scalable systems, because it gets tougher when you're, you know, you might have heard like leaky abstractions, that that's something that kind of comes up right. And so the abstraction is essentially the data model you're using But the leaky abstraction is saying like, you know, the model that you're using in kind of one specific area of the system is being exposed to other areas of the system that don't need to know about that
But the leaky abstraction is saying like, you know, the model that you're using in kind of one specific area of the system is being exposed to other areas of the system that don't need to know about that And so when you're when you're kind of developing these various models, you want to make sure that essentially the part of the system that they're being used in or the only ones that know the inner workings of that model, because you want to be able to change it without affecting external parts, right
And so when you're when you're kind of developing these various models, you want to make sure that essentially the part of the system that they're being used in or the only ones that know the inner workings of that model, because you want to be able to change it without affecting external parts, right So it really comes into just being able to contain what happens in those models. And that that's kind of the other aspect that I really like when it comes to these models is making it to where different parts of the systems don't need to know the specifics of how that information gets to be there
So it really comes into just being able to contain what happens in those models. And that that's kind of the other aspect that I really like when it comes to these models is making it to where different parts of the systems don't need to know the specifics of how that information gets to be there And so this needs to know that it's there or not and probably like what format that goes into right. And so this might be easier to kind of work with with some realistic examples of just kind of how to model this right
And so this needs to know that it's there or not and probably like what format that goes into right. And so this might be easier to kind of work with with some realistic examples of just kind of how to model this right So I think that the things I was looking at is kind of figuring out how to set up a system that I could have people. First of all, like. So yeah, let's let's talk about the goals of the system first, right
So I think that the things I was looking at is kind of figuring out how to set up a system that I could have people. First of all, like. So yeah, let's let's talk about the goals of the system first, right I'm just posting these in here because these are also resources individuals can use to look up more about data modeling because your the way you explain them definitely do make sense. These are just like other synbits saying basically the same thing just says resources
I'm just posting these in here because these are also resources individuals can use to look up more about data modeling because your the way you explain them definitely do make sense. These are just like other synbits saying basically the same thing just says resources So, but you said first steps. So kind of the first steps are to define, you know, what you want to give and system to do. And so. I'm taking notes now. This should be good, hopefully. All right. All right. So we got stuff one is. So let's see
So, but you said first steps. So kind of the first steps are to define, you know, what you want to give and system to do. And so. I'm taking notes now. This should be good, hopefully. All right. All right. So we got stuff one is. So let's see So let's see. So what I want to be able to do is I want to create a system that will allow people to schedule on my calendar. And so I probably want them to have a preference of either like pre-recorded or live streamed. And so, you know, that's not not everybody is comfortable live streaming
So let's see. So what I want to be able to do is I want to create a system that will allow people to schedule on my calendar. And so I probably want them to have a preference of either like pre-recorded or live streamed. And so, you know, that's not not everybody is comfortable live streaming It's it's it's a skill that you need to kind of develop right. So some people might have a preference as to one of the other. And then, you know, from there, I want the. Ideally, it would create. So I want to do some sort of event, whether that be on Twitch or
It's it's it's a skill that you need to kind of develop right. So some people might have a preference as to one of the other. And then, you know, from there, I want the. Ideally, it would create. So I want to do some sort of event, whether that be on Twitch or I use Riverside for for kind of my streaming. So I don't I don't know if any of this actually connects. I haven't haven't. Haven't looked at it yet. So this is all like just just thinking out loud here. And let's see. So
I use Riverside for for kind of my streaming. So I don't I don't know if any of this actually connects. I haven't haven't. Haven't looked at it yet. So this is all like just just thinking out loud here. And let's see. So And let's see. So. On the other side of the day, you know, the thing that I did is I just went through Riverside, but it was so glitchy when I did and it was like, it was about 10 months ago. Okay. So just like any startup, you know, it can scale very quickly and get help and make lots of changes
And let's see. So. On the other side of the day, you know, the thing that I did is I just went through Riverside, but it was so glitchy when I did and it was like, it was about 10 months ago. Okay. So just like any startup, you know, it can scale very quickly and get help and make lots of changes It was more of I was just so frustrated with it crashing. I lost interviews. Yeah, no, I can't do this. I can't do this. I've only used it for a couple of things so far. And it's worked out well for that. And I was actually really amazed at how nicely it streamed to both Twitter and Twitch. Hi
It was more of I was just so frustrated with it crashing. I lost interviews. Yeah, no, I can't do this. I can't do this. I've only used it for a couple of things so far. And it's worked out well for that. And I was actually really amazed at how nicely it streamed to both Twitter and Twitch. Hi Hi. I didn't even realize that you really could stream from Twitter. There's a lot of media thing. It's really hard to find
Hi. I didn't even realize that you really could stream from Twitter. There's a lot of media thing. It's really hard to find And the fact that I can only find it through Riverside's documentation seemed a little weird, which considering I do a lot of work with the Twitter APIs and everything that I've been doing. Was it difficult to set up with Riverside? Because I used StreamYard
And the fact that I can only find it through Riverside's documentation seemed a little weird, which considering I do a lot of work with the Twitter APIs and everything that I've been doing. Was it difficult to set up with Riverside? Because I used StreamYard And that's the only reason I knew that Twitter live streams. Yeah, it's super easy to set up. You just have to connect it with the streaming about our TMP address or whatever. And then the key. But I didn't even know that Media Center for Twitter even existed
And that's the only reason I knew that Twitter live streams. Yeah, it's super easy to set up. You just have to connect it with the streaming about our TMP address or whatever. And then the key. But I didn't even know that Media Center for Twitter even existed So be able to stream, which feel like that would be better documented, but oh well. OK. We'll figure it out. Yeah. OK. So let's just kind of think here about what this model could look like. So kind of the first steps that I like to do is I like to identify the nouns
So be able to stream, which feel like that would be better documented, but oh well. OK. We'll figure it out. Yeah. OK. So let's just kind of think here about what this model could look like. So kind of the first steps that I like to do is I like to identify the nouns And that's kind of the easiest way to think about it. So the different objects that I care about in this system. And so starting off, I can kind of see that there's a person. So somebody is doing the scheduling. There is going to be an event. Let's see
And that's kind of the easiest way to think about it. So the different objects that I care about in this system. And so starting off, I can kind of see that there's a person. So somebody is doing the scheduling. There is going to be an event. Let's see Let's see. Would we need to define calendar? And also do you think we could do it from different calendars? So we could. And so this is actually that's a great question. And so the one thing I would ask then is kind of like what's a calendar? And I know it's seems like a weird question
Let's see. Would we need to define calendar? And also do you think we could do it from different calendars? So we could. And so this is actually that's a great question. And so the one thing I would ask then is kind of like what's a calendar? And I know it's seems like a weird question But the reason I ask that is because if you think of the difference between like a Google calendar and like Microsoft calendar, Apple calendar, whatever, right? They all kind of represent the same thing. But they're going to do it in different ways
But the reason I ask that is because if you think of the difference between like a Google calendar and like Microsoft calendar, Apple calendar, whatever, right? They all kind of represent the same thing. But they're going to do it in different ways And so this really comes down to this baseline thinking of like what is a calendar in terms of our system? So for that, I think a calendar makes sense. And we'll call a calendar a collection of events. OK, because this is one thing that I struggle with on Calendar
And so this really comes down to this baseline thinking of like what is a calendar in terms of our system? So for that, I think a calendar makes sense. And we'll call a calendar a collection of events. OK, because this is one thing that I struggle with on Calendar And if there's an update, anybody from Calendar watching, please let me know. But this also peaked my interest because I have my podcast calendar. Then I have my teach genteque calendar. And then I have my gravity calendar
And if there's an update, anybody from Calendar watching, please let me know. But this also peaked my interest because I have my podcast calendar. Then I have my teach genteque calendar. And then I have my gravity calendar And I'm like, yeah, I can't keep up with all these calendars that I'm like, can we just like have something read to all of it, but also post to all of it? Or a commonly only post to one? It does. And so I'm trying to think because my calendar actually does
And I'm like, yeah, I can't keep up with all these calendars that I'm like, can we just like have something read to all of it, but also post to all of it? Or a commonly only post to one? It does. And so I'm trying to think because my calendar actually does And I'm trying to think that I think it's clockwise that actually if you're like busy on one calendar, it blocks it off in the others. And the only reason I know that is because we started using it for work. And then it popped up, which is handy
And I'm trying to think that I think it's clockwise that actually if you're like busy on one calendar, it blocks it off in the others. And the only reason I know that is because we started using it for work. And then it popped up, which is handy It's also kind of annoying because I get two notifications every time it goes off. And it's like, hey, here's your actual event. And here's one that just says busy. OK, well, that's not the way. I'm not going to lie, though
It's also kind of annoying because I get two notifications every time it goes off. And it's like, hey, here's your actual event. And here's one that just says busy. OK, well, that's not the way. I'm not going to lie, though If that makes it, so that way people don't over-schedule stuff on kind of a lot. That's exactly what it's good for. Because it's like that way, anytime I have something scheduled, through my personal calendar, it also blocks it off on my work calendar
If that makes it, so that way people don't over-schedule stuff on kind of a lot. That's exactly what it's good for. Because it's like that way, anytime I have something scheduled, through my personal calendar, it also blocks it off on my work calendar And so as long as nothing blows up catastrophically, I'm able to kind of schedule things that overlap that way. And it was called clockwise. Clockwise, yeah. All right, I'm going to be looking that up after this. Thank you. You're in your scalability. Right. I love scaling. It does
And so as long as nothing blows up catastrophically, I'm able to kind of schedule things that overlap that way. And it was called clockwise. Clockwise, yeah. All right, I'm going to be looking that up after this. Thank you. You're in your scalability. Right. I love scaling. It does It does. And that's actually a great point. As you start integrating different things in, you start running into these kind of different collisions
It does. And that's actually a great point. As you start integrating different things in, you start running into these kind of different collisions And that becomes a problem of like, well, how do I manage all of these
And that becomes a problem of like, well, how do I manage all of these Which is when you have these data models and understanding the actual ways that these different products can interact, you can see it gets pretty complicated pretty quickly, which is why it's important to simplify as much as possible
Which is when you have these data models and understanding the actual ways that these different products can interact, you can see it gets pretty complicated pretty quickly, which is why it's important to simplify as much as possible When we have a chance, and ESM being ruined and looking on my phone, I'm curious if this would be considered a data model because I almost feel like I may have gotten stuck on earlier this weekend trying to create a data model in how I'm going to be posting stuff or how I'm going to figure out scheduling because it's so confusing for me
When we have a chance, and ESM being ruined and looking on my phone, I'm curious if this would be considered a data model because I almost feel like I may have gotten stuck on earlier this weekend trying to create a data model in how I'm going to be posting stuff or how I'm going to figure out scheduling because it's so confusing for me And I mentioned this because I can see how data models could only be considered for tech. Yet I think it's like really data models are this visualization that we need for so many other topics or things in life that have. Everything
And I mentioned this because I can see how data models could only be considered for tech. Yet I think it's like really data models are this visualization that we need for so many other topics or things in life that have. Everything Everything. Because it's a simplification, right? And that's kind of what it comes down to being able to identify the parts that you care about. And yeah, this is exactly it. So it's. Too big, too big. So basically what I was doing just to try to get it
Everything. Because it's a simplification, right? And that's kind of what it comes down to being able to identify the parts that you care about. And yeah, this is exactly it. So it's. Too big, too big. So basically what I was doing just to try to get it So people can get a visualization is I need to post content. We talked about this earlier. I have not enough time. Like I have a content scheduler. That's not my problem. It is literally visualizing what I need to create and how I'm going to create it
So people can get a visualization is I need to post content. We talked about this earlier. I have not enough time. Like I have a content scheduler. That's not my problem. It is literally visualizing what I need to create and how I'm going to create it And for the most part, like teach Shantek, cool. That one was pretty figured out. That's the one in green. Gravity. Cool. I can Google some stuff, figure it out. Ask the team, post some stuff. API meetup. Easy enough. That one's easy peasy
And for the most part, like teach Shantek, cool. That one was pretty figured out. That's the one in green. Gravity. Cool. I can Google some stuff, figure it out. Ask the team, post some stuff. API meetup. Easy enough. That one's easy peasy And like I posted this black graph is just like, OK, what platforms and I'm posting them on. What I was really stuck on and I'm currently not doing yet is after I record an episode, what do I do with the podcast? Because life's dream is pretty easy
And like I posted this black graph is just like, OK, what platforms and I'm posting them on. What I was really stuck on and I'm currently not doing yet is after I record an episode, what do I do with the podcast? Because life's dream is pretty easy But I'm so stuck on how to create that data model on the podcast. What do I do? How do I visualize this? How do I think through this? Because I'm going, I don't know how to go to A to Z because it's too much for me
But I'm so stuck on how to create that data model on the podcast. What do I do? How do I visualize this? How do I think through this? Because I'm going, I don't know how to go to A to Z because it's too much for me And I don't know if this is how you've ever started a data model or this is how a data model could be started
And I don't know if this is how you've ever started a data model or this is how a data model could be started I am curious, do you have any visualizations like this that you've used before? So a lot of times, this is exactly how data models come out because it's like, OK, I'm trying to figure out how to solve this kind of complicated problem. And there's a lot going on here
I am curious, do you have any visualizations like this that you've used before? So a lot of times, this is exactly how data models come out because it's like, OK, I'm trying to figure out how to solve this kind of complicated problem. And there's a lot going on here And so that's the reality of life right now. And so I think this, I actually really like the fact that you brought up that this isn't just a tech problem because one of the things that we realize is that tech is actually touching all aspects of our life now
And so that's the reality of life right now. And so I think this, I actually really like the fact that you brought up that this isn't just a tech problem because one of the things that we realize is that tech is actually touching all aspects of our life now And there's apps that help us manage everything. And that just means we have a million apps that I'll never talk to each other and they're all a pain. And so I think one of the things we do need to get to is more individualized systems and being able to kind of create our own things
And there's apps that help us manage everything. And that just means we have a million apps that I'll never talk to each other and they're all a pain. And so I think one of the things we do need to get to is more individualized systems and being able to kind of create our own things And like, notion is actually a great way to do some of that, right? Because you can create a database. You can build automations off of that. And so in terms of looking at something like that, so I would say like, OK, so you know. I can bring it back up
And like, notion is actually a great way to do some of that, right? Because you can create a database. You can build automations off of that. And so in terms of looking at something like that, so I would say like, OK, so you know. I can bring it back up I didn't know if you wanted to talk about it. Yeah, we can. And so, OK, so we've got some. Long-screen again. Different things there, right? So we know that. This is probably the one that was the most complicated was the podcast stuff. Yeah
I didn't know if you wanted to talk about it. Yeah, we can. And so, OK, so we've got some. Long-screen again. Different things there, right? So we know that. This is probably the one that was the most complicated was the podcast stuff. Yeah Yeah. And so I think that would be a good thing to model, right? And so, you know, a couple of the nouns that jump out. So we've got the podcast, right? And again, this seems simple because we're only going to talk about like this specific podcast
Yeah. And so I think that would be a good thing to model, right? And so, you know, a couple of the nouns that jump out. So we've got the podcast, right? And again, this seems simple because we're only going to talk about like this specific podcast But the nice thing is, once you solve a problem for like one thing of yours, if you kind of think about how you solve it, you can see how like, oh, well, I could actually do this to support multiple podcasts or all of that
But the nice thing is, once you solve a problem for like one thing of yours, if you kind of think about how you solve it, you can see how like, oh, well, I could actually do this to support multiple podcasts or all of that So I tend to think of it in like fairly general terms, even if it's like for a specific instance, just because I do like constantly have like product ideas. And I've got a million product ideas, probably way too many, that are all planned out
So I tend to think of it in like fairly general terms, even if it's like for a specific instance, just because I do like constantly have like product ideas. And I've got a million product ideas, probably way too many, that are all planned out And I've thought domains were half of them, but that's another. That's another problem. That's actually a big reason why, once I, you when I talked about that, we're like, yeah, data models. I don't know what that is. So yesterday, Anthony has been one of my mentors. He's AJC Dev
And I've thought domains were half of them, but that's another. That's another problem. That's actually a big reason why, once I, you when I talked about that, we're like, yeah, data models. I don't know what that is. So yesterday, Anthony has been one of my mentors. He's AJC Dev He's AJC Dev. I think on Twitter, I'll have to actually look it up. And he was like, yeah, you should watch these videos before you do data modeling
He's AJC Dev. I think on Twitter, I'll have to actually look it up. And he was like, yeah, you should watch these videos before you do data modeling And it wasn't until we started talking about the calendar that you were talking about that I'm like, oh, wait, this is literally what I'm struggling with this last weekend, trying to figure out
And it wasn't until we started talking about the calendar that you were talking about that I'm like, oh, wait, this is literally what I'm struggling with this last weekend, trying to figure out And I'm like, my bone and just how we literally do this, because none of this is technically like the tech side of things. I'm not trying to connect an API right now for a data model. I'm literally just trying to figure out the process I'm supposed to stuff
And I'm like, my bone and just how we literally do this, because none of this is technically like the tech side of things. I'm not trying to connect an API right now for a data model. I'm literally just trying to figure out the process I'm supposed to stuff And that's kind of the cool thing, because a lot of times I build out these, these DAGs, right? And you think about that in terms of like actually moving data through a system. But it's really like just thinking about the steps I take when I do things manually
And that's kind of the cool thing, because a lot of times I build out these, these DAGs, right? And you think about that in terms of like actually moving data through a system. But it's really like just thinking about the steps I take when I do things manually And then I look for where can I automate? Because I don't have to automate all the steps in the process
And then I look for where can I automate? Because I don't have to automate all the steps in the process If I can figure out what the time consuming parts are that I don't like to do, and just how to automate those, then I've gained a lot, right? And so we don't actually have to build out these super complex systems
If I can figure out what the time consuming parts are that I don't like to do, and just how to automate those, then I've gained a lot, right? And so we don't actually have to build out these super complex systems But just mapping out kind of how different things like fit together, you start to see like, oh, well, this piece I do the same thing every time. So this would be a good thing I could learn how to automate, right? And so a lot of times we think like, oh, this is just a complicated process
But just mapping out kind of how different things like fit together, you start to see like, oh, well, this piece I do the same thing every time. So this would be a good thing I could learn how to automate, right? And so a lot of times we think like, oh, this is just a complicated process Like, it's just going to take all of this time forever. When in reality, we could spend a couple hours probably learning how to automate some specific piece of it that then saves us three to five hours a week or a month, and pays for itself over time
Like, it's just going to take all of this time forever. When in reality, we could spend a couple hours probably learning how to automate some specific piece of it that then saves us three to five hours a week or a month, and pays for itself over time And then as you develop these little pieces, you start to connect them into more complex systems, right? So when you build out like a tiny system that does one thing well, then that is a node that you can add into a bigger system down the line
And then as you develop these little pieces, you start to connect them into more complex systems, right? So when you build out like a tiny system that does one thing well, then that is a node that you can add into a bigger system down the line And that's really how all systems are developed, right? Like you start off with like, you know, the kind of the MVP, right? Something that does like one thing, and it does it every time you do it, right? And it's repeatable
And that's really how all systems are developed, right? Like you start off with like, you know, the kind of the MVP, right? Something that does like one thing, and it does it every time you do it, right? And it's repeatable Because once you have things that are repeatable, then it's like, you can move them around. You can do things in different orders. You can, you know, do things like, you know, kind of build ones, publish multiple times, right? Like if you have like different places you want to go with it
Because once you have things that are repeatable, then it's like, you can move them around. You can do things in different orders. You can, you know, do things like, you know, kind of build ones, publish multiple times, right? Like if you have like different places you want to go with it And so that that's really how things can start scaling. But in terms of this, we can, so you know, we kind of got the podcast, right? And so the podcast, if we look at like kind of specific attributes, right? So the podcast has like a name and a URL. Yeah
And so that that's really how things can start scaling. But in terms of this, we can, so you know, we kind of got the podcast, right? And so the podcast, if we look at like kind of specific attributes, right? So the podcast has like a name and a URL. Yeah Yeah. And then so, and then the podcast has episodes, right? So the episodes are going to have, you know, probably like a title, a guest, maybe more than one guest
Yeah. And then so, and then the podcast has episodes, right? So the episodes are going to have, you know, probably like a title, a guest, maybe more than one guest So that's something we want to think about like when you think about what is contained kind of within that noun and the different attributes it has, you want to kind of determine like, is this something it only has one of? Or is it going to have, you know, more than one
So that's something we want to think about like when you think about what is contained kind of within that noun and the different attributes it has, you want to kind of determine like, is this something it only has one of? Or is it going to have, you know, more than one And so, you know, for for for guests, I'd say, you know, okay, we're probably going to leave it open that it could potentially be more than one guest, right? And so again, you're going to have a URL that'll go to that specific episode
And so, you know, for for for guests, I'd say, you know, okay, we're probably going to leave it open that it could potentially be more than one guest, right? And so again, you're going to have a URL that'll go to that specific episode And you know, it'll have like a duration of some sort. So it'll be, you know, some amount of time, which may or may not be important, but just kind of as we're thinking about it, you know, that that could potentially be important. We can then description
And you know, it'll have like a duration of some sort. So it'll be, you know, some amount of time, which may or may not be important, but just kind of as we're thinking about it, you know, that that could potentially be important. We can then description Description would be good, right? And that's that's actually what I tend to struggle with with my podcast because I'm like, oh, I've got the episode back like, and you know, it's edited. And now I've got to post it
Description would be good, right? And that's that's actually what I tend to struggle with with my podcast because I'm like, oh, I've got the episode back like, and you know, it's edited. And now I've got to post it But if I post it, I have to write the description, which means now I've got to think about what I want to write in the description. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. That's something that I'm still trying to solve. But yeah, the description is good
But if I post it, I have to write the description, which means now I've got to think about what I want to write in the description. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. That's something that I'm still trying to solve. But yeah, the description is good That's something that's like, and I was trying to think of it, like you're thinking a lot of like pre stuff. And I will say Monday, I was using Monday before I was using Notion
That's something that's like, and I was trying to think of it, like you're thinking a lot of like pre stuff. And I will say Monday, I was using Monday before I was using Notion And they did help quite a bit in automations, which was really helpful, like if some guests submitted, then it could like send them an email to set up their calendar. So all I had to do was like move in one area instead of sending every single email, which that automation was great. Yeah
And they did help quite a bit in automations, which was really helpful, like if some guests submitted, then it could like send them an email to set up their calendar. So all I had to do was like move in one area instead of sending every single email, which that automation was great. Yeah Yeah. It was way too expensive and they only had a minimum of three user blah, blah, blah. Yeah, that's where it gets to be a problem is like it does get like a lot of the systems that are built for some of this like automation stuff
Yeah. It was way too expensive and they only had a minimum of three user blah, blah, blah. Yeah, that's where it gets to be a problem is like it does get like a lot of the systems that are built for some of this like automation stuff They're geared towards larger companies that have a budget for it. And so that was going to be my next question
They're geared towards larger companies that have a budget for it. And so that was going to be my next question One of the things that I really try to do is figure out how to do things as cheaply as possible because I believe that like more creators, especially starting out are the ones that need the most help when it comes to automation and kind of creating these sustainable processes, right
One of the things that I really try to do is figure out how to do things as cheaply as possible because I believe that like more creators, especially starting out are the ones that need the most help when it comes to automation and kind of creating these sustainable processes, right Because yeah, it gets to be a ton
Because yeah, it gets to be a ton And then it's like, okay, well, great. Eventually, like if you stick to it long enough, you'll have like a big audience, you'll be monetized, you'll be able to afford to like pay people to like manage different aspects of this
And then it's like, okay, well, great. Eventually, like if you stick to it long enough, you'll have like a big audience, you'll be monetized, you'll be able to afford to like pay people to like manage different aspects of this But what do you do until you get there, right? And so that's really where automation can come in handy. And just kind of going through this process of like, you know, figuring out which pieces you need to kind of automate or which would be the best way to do it
But what do you do until you get there, right? And so that's really where automation can come in handy. And just kind of going through this process of like, you know, figuring out which pieces you need to kind of automate or which would be the best way to do it It gives you a way to kind of find the cheapest possible option because a lot of times you can do a lot of this for free or very cheap. Um, actually, there is a service because you know, like a lot of people like Zapier. I was just thinking about Zapier. That's funny. Yeah
It gives you a way to kind of find the cheapest possible option because a lot of times you can do a lot of this for free or very cheap. Um, actually, there is a service because you know, like a lot of people like Zapier. I was just thinking about Zapier. That's funny. Yeah That's funny. Yeah. And so that's what a lot of people use for automation, but it gets expensive. And that's, so that's one I actually don't pay for. Um, because I think it's a little overpriced. It works well and it's simple
That's funny. Yeah. And so that's what a lot of people use for automation, but it gets expensive. And that's, so that's one I actually don't pay for. Um, because I think it's a little overpriced. It works well and it's simple But the one that I like is actually, and I haven't used it as much, um, as I would like and I need to play around with it more, but it's cool because I can, uh, self-host an instance of it. Um, so I dropped it in the private chat. I don't seem to have. Oh, yeah
But the one that I like is actually, and I haven't used it as much, um, as I would like and I need to play around with it more, but it's cool because I can, uh, self-host an instance of it. Um, so I dropped it in the private chat. I don't seem to have. Oh, yeah Oh, yeah. So if you want to say that, um, yeah, and I don't know how it's actually like pronounced, um, but it does a lot of the same thing that, uh, Zapier does and it's, um, excuse me. It's open source. Um, you're able to, uh, self-host it for free
Oh, yeah. So if you want to say that, um, yeah, and I don't know how it's actually like pronounced, um, but it does a lot of the same thing that, uh, Zapier does and it's, um, excuse me. It's open source. Um, you're able to, uh, self-host it for free Um, and so, you know, like if it's only you using something like and just running it as a Docker image on your own system, like that, that's something pretty straightforward. And maybe not for everybody. Like I say, this is, you know, someone who's been in tech for a decade now or so
Um, and so, you know, like if it's only you using something like and just running it as a Docker image on your own system, like that, that's something pretty straightforward. And maybe not for everybody. Like I say, this is, you know, someone who's been in tech for a decade now or so Um, so I'm like, oh, yeah, just just put it on a Docker image. Um, and I think that's also something to call out of, um, like, I think like some of these things, I'm like, okay, cool. Like, especially I've been around tech for quite some time before I was, um, started teach Gen Tech
Um, so I'm like, oh, yeah, just just put it on a Docker image. Um, and I think that's also something to call out of, um, like, I think like some of these things, I'm like, okay, cool. Like, especially I've been around tech for quite some time before I was, um, started teach Gen Tech And I was like, cool. Like I know about Monday. So I'll use Monday. I know I need to automate some of these things, but I don't know necessarily what I can and can't automate
And I was like, cool. Like I know about Monday. So I'll use Monday. I know I need to automate some of these things, but I don't know necessarily what I can and can't automate So I love that we're going through this practice because I think that's something that, um, I talk about this on my, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, neurodiversity mental health, uh, space that I host is, um, that it just doesn't always connect the same way that it does for everyone and I love that you're breaking it down and also like hey let's go through the nouns first to figure this out and what can we on me because these are things that I'm just like also I had no idea how amazing this episode would be because like you're cool in everything but I was like I haven't met you much yet I don't know what Jadol Maw's are I'm like finally piecing it together that's the thing and like I'm always torn because it's like I so I did I taught a cohort based course on called supercharge your time and I've only done I did one cohort of it last year and it's like talking about the theory and like you know the the dags and everything are cool and like I'm really fascinated by kind of that aspect of it but in reality actually like doing it is the best way to kind of think about it because like you don't quite realize but you really have like created a dag in this little graph here what is dag stamp or again so it's a directed a cyclic graph okay and so I've got the I can drop the yes in the thing but again it's really like it's just a like very basic model but but it's really about like steps moving through time and that's really all it is but it's a it's a just a really powerful like mental concept because then like each of these steps here can actually then like be broken down into like a sub bag like the you know and so if you think like each of these steps is kind of a like you know a simple like representation but there's more to it right like so even listening to the episode you can break down into the steps of like like you know load the episode in the browser or whatever you know you're using and you know branching off like take notes based on whatever and so you can kind of get into these these various different pieces and so there's just a lot of really cool like math things that come into these these directed a cyclic graphs and things that you can count on and so when companies do a lot of like big data stuff and a lot of like process and just astronomical amounts of data these dags are good ways to ensure that various things are true about how that data moves through and so it's just interesting this is a fascinating not something I'm good at whatsoever like I'm like you want me to talk to somebody I got you I will like I got that you want me to get on stage again I got you but it's like this data stuff I was seriously so stuck until I my partner helped me write this out this weekend asking me questions and I'm like oh I forgot this this and this and even now I'm like looking at it and I'm like I don't know what I can automate so I just love that you talk about how important it is to like not just hear it in theory because the tangible is is so important right it is and you know I think like people can probably go their entire life without hearing the word dag unless they know me and then they'll probably hear it more than once but you know it's one of those like it that's not really necessary but it is good to like follow up if like that's something that you're interested in learning and you know especially if you want to ever get into like data engineering or kind of how those data pipelines are built it's a super fundamental concept that is you know probably going to come up and like interviews and things I would assume so that that's kind of good from that aspect of it but yeah so kind of getting back I guess into the model here so you know we kind of talked about episodes last and then kind of I see the the clips right and so you know if we think about the noun of clip so that's actually going to be it's gonna have a direct relationship so it's part of a specific episode right yeah like when am I gonna put on TikTok as a video clip right and so that clip is is gonna be tied to a specific episode so that's kind of again where we were looking at like is this gonna be one or many so for a clip it's going to be related to a single episode most likely unless you do compilation but we clip is yeah okay well is this true and that's yes it may be true in the future that's a great question a great point actually when we're building these because this is another thing that I think I get stuck on is I'm like but what about this like kind of like is that gonna be clips from multiple episodes and then also like do I worry about that which may make me take a few steps back because that is gonna complicate things or do I do like okay like yeah maybe one day but right now I just need to make my dag on what I'm doing right now because I haven't posted on social for two months and that's that's the thing like it is it's good to think about how it might evolve but also it's more important to know exactly how it is now and this is something too that actually comes up in software engineering as you're like doing product requirements because most people don't think about things in kind of the these types of situations and so you know if you are like in a job interview or something and somebody asks you know it says like okay well here's the requirement these are good things to ask about because a lot of times and I've had this experience where it's like oh well you know you know this particularly record will have you know this type of value and you're like okay well is that ever empty well no it's never empty and then you like come to find out like well I mean it's pretty much never empty like but like maybe sometimes I guess it could be empty like it like those are very different things right like so really anytime you're looking at like words like always or never those are good places to like dig in and be like are we sure about that like yeah are we actually sure that that's always going to be the case or that's never going to be the case because that's almost never true and so it's you know that that's a good place to think but in terms of like this yeah it's like okay so what I would say is like okay so we'll say clip is tied to a specific episode and then potentially we can have like a compilation which is a collection of clips right and so that would be a good way to kind of branch that out and so you know the clip is also going to have like a duration it'll have some sort of location whether it be like either a URL or just like a local file system location right and so yeah that's probably pretty good for that and then so that the export is interesting so and that that is supposed to be described yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I got it okay export takes forever because I'm exporting the videos after I edit them so that's why I'm like I need to start really registering that export is gonna take me forever right and so like that's something that you could always look at either automating or batching batching is kind of another good way so a good like as you're kind of going through this that that's another thing you can kind of identify like oh if I can't automate it I could batch it to where like okay well now I've got all of these things edited or whatever and instead of just trying to like you know export one of them as I go through the process well now I can actually just export a whole bunch to be these clips or whatever right and and so and you know export is a verb there so a verb is a good time to look at like okay well that's kind of the that's the arrows in the dag right right and so if if the you know you kind of think about like the the nodes the circles in the graph is nouns the arrows are the verbs and so that's something that would potentially be good and so you can even like one of the things that I like to do as well you're like because what you know the tricky thing is like anytime you're gooding into like automation like automation is great as long as it works but then what happens if it doesn't and so you know one thing to kind of keep in mind is like okay how easy is it to recover from failure and so the first thing you've got to think about is like am I gonna know that it failed and and and so as I like do action so in this case like as I'm exporting if I did have that automated like I would probably either have some sort of like record created or some sort of notification that just said like hey this happened so that if it didn't come through I would at least know that like some things broken and I've got to go look and you know that's something like a Zapier's pretty good about because that that's kind of their you know business model but if you are building stuff out yourself that that that something you want to pay attention to because otherwise you'll you'll get down the road and be like oh this thing that I thought was running for the last three months never actually ran that actually happened with my animations with Monday I wouldn't know that people aren't getting the email right because like I mean they were my fault it wasn't like it was Monday's fault in the fact that like I needed to change my Gmail password that I didn't get a notification update my password so the connection lost and nobody was getting my emails right and so that that that's you know something to kind of keep in mind as you're going through just like are there notifications in place that either like it's notifying it me that it happened so that I know if I don't get a notification it didn't happen or at least needs checked or am I notifying in case of an error you know just just some way to kind of be aware and then let's see so we've got kind of the description here and we we mentioned that in the you know kind of tied into the episode but if we wanted to make that its own that is that is that topics I can't quite see what that is beneath description there graphics I need graphics oh graphics okay yeah like I'll need the description to make the graphics okay I think that's where my I don't know where that or I need it could be that I need descriptions for the clips and then after I edit them I need to make the description and the graphics I'm not 100% sure but I'm pretty sure that's where my mind is at okay yeah I mean so that that's something to kind of keep in mind too right so you know a graphic is another potential now and there and so one of the things that I think might matter there is the destination so like where is this graphic intended for because that might inform the size right you know that's something that exactly it is kind of ridiculous like you start talking through this and you're like this is actually really complicated and people are like like when they think about content creation so you know I get like I'm surprised I don't we actually don't have very many people here today but I'm just like yay I could ask all my questions but like content creation is freakishly complicated like having to go through all of these steps and like there's I've been seeing quite a few what like articles and stuff about oh you don't need to make new content use one piece of content 10 ways and I'm like yeah okay I still have to go through all of this still do that yeah yes yeah and actually one of my one of my famous things is like oh I'll just go like go back and do all those other steps later I never do but that is true I was this was the one goal this weekend it just didn't happen because for me it's like so overwhelming that I'm like but the podcast is so important to me that I'm like cool I need to figure out how to make this work but I love that we're talking about it now because this isn't just me this isn't just a me issue you know like this is something that people really struggle with conceptualizing and doing right and you know I think it is I think it's the reason that a lot of the content is ending up to be very much the same as well right because the one of the easiest ways to kind of streamline this is to have you know so-called best practices or like templates right and so we do tend to look for like the shortcuts that we have in terms of like okay well if I just follow this pattern that'll be good enough and so the problem is when everybody's doing that over and over we get this kind of convergence on the same type of content because we're following the best practices that algorithms are rewarding and like on YouTube for example that's a good one if you look at like the top YouTube creators all of their videos follow like very similar formats because that's what performs well according to the algorithm and so there's a lot of work that goes into kind of feeding the algorithm if you will and like Mr
So I love that we're going through this practice because I think that's something that, um, I talk about this on my, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, neurodiversity mental health, uh, space that I host is, um, that it just doesn't always connect the same way that it does for everyone and I love that you're breaking it down and also like hey let's go through the nouns first to figure this out and what can we on me because these are things that I'm just like also I had no idea how amazing this episode would be because like you're cool in everything but I was like I haven't met you much yet I don't know what Jadol Maw's are I'm like finally piecing it together that's the thing and like I'm always torn because it's like I so I did I taught a cohort based course on called supercharge your time and I've only done I did one cohort of it last year and it's like talking about the theory and like you know the the dags and everything are cool and like I'm really fascinated by kind of that aspect of it but in reality actually like doing it is the best way to kind of think about it because like you don't quite realize but you really have like created a dag in this little graph here what is dag stamp or again so it's a directed a cyclic graph okay and so I've got the I can drop the yes in the thing but again it's really like it's just a like very basic model but but it's really about like steps moving through time and that's really all it is but it's a it's a just a really powerful like mental concept because then like each of these steps here can actually then like be broken down into like a sub bag like the you know and so if you think like each of these steps is kind of a like you know a simple like representation but there's more to it right like so even listening to the episode you can break down into the steps of like like you know load the episode in the browser or whatever you know you're using and you know branching off like take notes based on whatever and so you can kind of get into these these various different pieces and so there's just a lot of really cool like math things that come into these these directed a cyclic graphs and things that you can count on and so when companies do a lot of like big data stuff and a lot of like process and just astronomical amounts of data these dags are good ways to ensure that various things are true about how that data moves through and so it's just interesting this is a fascinating not something I'm good at whatsoever like I'm like you want me to talk to somebody I got you I will like I got that you want me to get on stage again I got you but it's like this data stuff I was seriously so stuck until I my partner helped me write this out this weekend asking me questions and I'm like oh I forgot this this and this and even now I'm like looking at it and I'm like I don't know what I can automate so I just love that you talk about how important it is to like not just hear it in theory because the tangible is is so important right it is and you know I think like people can probably go their entire life without hearing the word dag unless they know me and then they'll probably hear it more than once but you know it's one of those like it that's not really necessary but it is good to like follow up if like that's something that you're interested in learning and you know especially if you want to ever get into like data engineering or kind of how those data pipelines are built it's a super fundamental concept that is you know probably going to come up and like interviews and things I would assume so that that's kind of good from that aspect of it but yeah so kind of getting back I guess into the model here so you know we kind of talked about episodes last and then kind of I see the the clips right and so you know if we think about the noun of clip so that's actually going to be it's gonna have a direct relationship so it's part of a specific episode right yeah like when am I gonna put on TikTok as a video clip right and so that clip is is gonna be tied to a specific episode so that's kind of again where we were looking at like is this gonna be one or many so for a clip it's going to be related to a single episode most likely unless you do compilation but we clip is yeah okay well is this true and that's yes it may be true in the future that's a great question a great point actually when we're building these because this is another thing that I think I get stuck on is I'm like but what about this like kind of like is that gonna be clips from multiple episodes and then also like do I worry about that which may make me take a few steps back because that is gonna complicate things or do I do like okay like yeah maybe one day but right now I just need to make my dag on what I'm doing right now because I haven't posted on social for two months and that's that's the thing like it is it's good to think about how it might evolve but also it's more important to know exactly how it is now and this is something too that actually comes up in software engineering as you're like doing product requirements because most people don't think about things in kind of the these types of situations and so you know if you are like in a job interview or something and somebody asks you know it says like okay well here's the requirement these are good things to ask about because a lot of times and I've had this experience where it's like oh well you know you know this particularly record will have you know this type of value and you're like okay well is that ever empty well no it's never empty and then you like come to find out like well I mean it's pretty much never empty like but like maybe sometimes I guess it could be empty like it like those are very different things right like so really anytime you're looking at like words like always or never those are good places to like dig in and be like are we sure about that like yeah are we actually sure that that's always going to be the case or that's never going to be the case because that's almost never true and so it's you know that that's a good place to think but in terms of like this yeah it's like okay so what I would say is like okay so we'll say clip is tied to a specific episode and then potentially we can have like a compilation which is a collection of clips right and so that would be a good way to kind of branch that out and so you know the clip is also going to have like a duration it'll have some sort of location whether it be like either a URL or just like a local file system location right and so yeah that's probably pretty good for that and then so that the export is interesting so and that that is supposed to be described yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I got it okay export takes forever because I'm exporting the videos after I edit them so that's why I'm like I need to start really registering that export is gonna take me forever right and so like that's something that you could always look at either automating or batching batching is kind of another good way so a good like as you're kind of going through this that that's another thing you can kind of identify like oh if I can't automate it I could batch it to where like okay well now I've got all of these things edited or whatever and instead of just trying to like you know export one of them as I go through the process well now I can actually just export a whole bunch to be these clips or whatever right and and so and you know export is a verb there so a verb is a good time to look at like okay well that's kind of the that's the arrows in the dag right right and so if if the you know you kind of think about like the the nodes the circles in the graph is nouns the arrows are the verbs and so that's something that would potentially be good and so you can even like one of the things that I like to do as well you're like because what you know the tricky thing is like anytime you're gooding into like automation like automation is great as long as it works but then what happens if it doesn't and so you know one thing to kind of keep in mind is like okay how easy is it to recover from failure and so the first thing you've got to think about is like am I gonna know that it failed and and and so as I like do action so in this case like as I'm exporting if I did have that automated like I would probably either have some sort of like record created or some sort of notification that just said like hey this happened so that if it didn't come through I would at least know that like some things broken and I've got to go look and you know that's something like a Zapier's pretty good about because that that's kind of their you know business model but if you are building stuff out yourself that that that something you want to pay attention to because otherwise you'll you'll get down the road and be like oh this thing that I thought was running for the last three months never actually ran that actually happened with my animations with Monday I wouldn't know that people aren't getting the email right because like I mean they were my fault it wasn't like it was Monday's fault in the fact that like I needed to change my Gmail password that I didn't get a notification update my password so the connection lost and nobody was getting my emails right and so that that that's you know something to kind of keep in mind as you're going through just like are there notifications in place that either like it's notifying it me that it happened so that I know if I don't get a notification it didn't happen or at least needs checked or am I notifying in case of an error you know just just some way to kind of be aware and then let's see so we've got kind of the description here and we we mentioned that in the you know kind of tied into the episode but if we wanted to make that its own that is that is that topics I can't quite see what that is beneath description there graphics I need graphics oh graphics okay yeah like I'll need the description to make the graphics okay I think that's where my I don't know where that or I need it could be that I need descriptions for the clips and then after I edit them I need to make the description and the graphics I'm not 100% sure but I'm pretty sure that's where my mind is at okay yeah I mean so that that's something to kind of keep in mind too right so you know a graphic is another potential now and there and so one of the things that I think might matter there is the destination so like where is this graphic intended for because that might inform the size right you know that's something that exactly it is kind of ridiculous like you start talking through this and you're like this is actually really complicated and people are like like when they think about content creation so you know I get like I'm surprised I don't we actually don't have very many people here today but I'm just like yay I could ask all my questions but like content creation is freakishly complicated like having to go through all of these steps and like there's I've been seeing quite a few what like articles and stuff about oh you don't need to make new content use one piece of content 10 ways and I'm like yeah okay I still have to go through all of this still do that yeah yes yeah and actually one of my one of my famous things is like oh I'll just go like go back and do all those other steps later I never do but that is true I was this was the one goal this weekend it just didn't happen because for me it's like so overwhelming that I'm like but the podcast is so important to me that I'm like cool I need to figure out how to make this work but I love that we're talking about it now because this isn't just me this isn't just a me issue you know like this is something that people really struggle with conceptualizing and doing right and you know I think it is I think it's the reason that a lot of the content is ending up to be very much the same as well right because the one of the easiest ways to kind of streamline this is to have you know so-called best practices or like templates right and so we do tend to look for like the shortcuts that we have in terms of like okay well if I just follow this pattern that'll be good enough and so the problem is when everybody's doing that over and over we get this kind of convergence on the same type of content because we're following the best practices that algorithms are rewarding and like on YouTube for example that's a good one if you look at like the top YouTube creators all of their videos follow like very similar formats because that's what performs well according to the algorithm and so there's a lot of work that goes into kind of feeding the algorithm if you will and like Mr Beast and a whole bunch like I saw him talking about the fact that he spent a ton of time like figuring out exactly what the algorithm rewarded and like doubling down on that content creation and so it's like you know people see oh yeah be a YouTuber like you just make videos like no it's it's actually way more than that and there's research that goes into it and in terms of like all of that and that's what I think we need to kind of get away from which I think people being able to build these kind of systems themselves to make the annoying stuff sustainable so they can focus on like creative aspects of it I think is gonna like be really beneficial in the long run because it's you know that's that that's kind of a part that matters right like it's not the you know the thumbnail with like the surprise face like pointing to the description or whatever I don't yeah it's definitely something that I I also want to like point out is like edit I know how to edit because I interned somewhere it's not my favorite thing definitely not something that I love to do but I know okay cool this is my intro I already have that done this is my outro I have that done I just need to make sure the audio is good and export you know but there's a lot that goes into the steps of editing and like we could be breaking that down even more I don't want to but like that's when people talk about getting into content creation now I'm like do it just know that it is a process and that that's exactly it and it's one of those you don't really like I've done all sorts of things and I figured out what I like and what I don't like and like the the podcast now that I've got is like actually my third attempt at the podcast so the first one there was like one episode published on YouTube the second one I recorded a couple interviews that never actually got published because of the editing part right and so now I actually just have a lot about out of my podcast he's like I don't know for you he's like just just send him to me and I'll send them back and you know it's it's not again like I don't it doesn't need to be like super edited all it needs is like just go through and like probably like chop off the junket like the beginning in the end and it's all about the conversation so like I don't have like an intro or an outro because that's I don't want to complicate it and I just want him to get to the point where I could easily I could publish it as easily as possible right and so I think as new creators that is the the thing to get to and like low bow always laughs and maybe because I'm like he'll like ask me for advice and I'm like just publish it like just just post it just just post it because that is the that's the hardest thing to get over like you know even like you know he's he's he's decently established at this point but he's like you know oh do I do this do I do that and like just post it like yeah you know if you if you have a hunch go for it maybe it's right maybe it's wrong but the hardest part of content creation is putting yourself out there and like it's really easy to pursue perfection and like have the the perfect process to get there but the most important thing is really like just putting yourself out there some way because it's an iterative process right like it gets better over time this process develops over time as you do things over and over you start to see things that you're repeating right and and on that point I and that's such a great point in so for example and I want to say that about Teach Shuntak I actually just posted an article yesterday about this is I failed my way into becoming a develop kato is what I'm calling myself because devils are avocados like it's a y'all it's a thing my other article will show you why it's a thing but but failing my way to devicado like I failed so many times Teach Shuntak is my third show so greater than podcast it did it did survive but we had an intern that did the audio and I met him at a coffee shop like it was so random and this was back in like 2016 and then my second show is shit you don't want to talk about it is so out there yet this is the stuff I'm struggling with what we're going through right now is where I'm like I don't know if I can keep the podcast because it's like this is it's not going to be organic where like Teach Shuntak is very very organic because people are interested in learning tech like it's easier it's a lot easier to talk about it's a lot easier to comprehend it's a lot easier than mental health and all that shit so it's like how do we really work on making it accessible when we don't we don't know what we don't know yeah and that's you know I think the the so I kind of realized the one thing I didn't actually talk about is I'm also writing a book now oh yeah and so this came out like last or I say came out like the idea I decided to just like announce it last week and do it and it's it's called the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Future I like it because it's you know kind of the playoff of Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy which is one of my favorite books of all time but also one of the things that I'm fascinated with is kind of the evolution of technology and where it's going and I do think the future is going to look drastically different based you know in terms of like future of work future of education all of that because of a number of different factors but essentially you know the the skills that are really going to be valuable in the future are not necessarily what people think they are today and you know I think learning tech you know a lot of people get into tech because it pays better right and I do think that that's going to be not as true in the future as it currently is I think tech roles are overvalued right now and as as an engineer like I'm probably pissing off a lot of engineers who were like by saying that but the reality is like engineers are paid well because of the fact that we have to learn constantly right everything is constantly evolving rapidly and we need to kind of keep up on latest trends you know you've got I have used different programming languages throughout my career different frameworks different like and it's still hard to pick up at times like you know because everything is just like it's evolving so fast right but the thing that people don't realize is that's not just true for engineers you know you look at like product managers and designers and all of the other roles software is evolving there too and companies aren't great at rewarding efficiency right now and so they actually tend to punish efficiency which is a whole nother thing but it's gonna result in a lot of people like burning out and just deciding to do their own thing and I think one of the things that's super cool about where the future's going is even if you end up not in tech just understanding how tech works and doing things like thinking through this to create like basic automations with notion right and kind of figuring out these steps that's going to be incredibly valuable because then you know you don't need to build the next app that gets a billion downloads if you can build a small system that saves 10 15 hours a week based on your daily job and like opens up that time to do things that you care about like that's that's gonna be what changes your life right because and then you know you start thinking about how you can you know start like outsourcing your systems to some extent and being able to like give people the blueprints and you kind of see that now with people selling like notion templates and things like that but just understanding kind of where the future's going a lot of what I'm playing around with in this book is like okay well here's kind of I'm breaking down to like here's the like the past technology that kind of like was started and then I'm gonna be doing a bit with like here's where we're currently at and then finishing it up with like and here's kind of where things are headed and why I'm seeing these trends and it's gonna be like it can be overwhelming because there's so many options but the real key is like finding out what works the best for you and like just rolling with that like you don't actually need to pay attention to everything right you find what works and then just go with it find what you enjoy because that's really gonna be what's sustainable in the long run and then you know you build out these systems and then you you kind of just like do your own thing and you know you kind of have that level of freedom that people are really struggling with right now because they're just getting worked and you know harder and harder and it's you get quiet quitting which now they're just underpaid because they're forced to learn at the same rate as engineers and they're not getting paid the same
Beast and a whole bunch like I saw him talking about the fact that he spent a ton of time like figuring out exactly what the algorithm rewarded and like doubling down on that content creation and so it's like you know people see oh yeah be a YouTuber like you just make videos like no it's it's actually way more than that and there's research that goes into it and in terms of like all of that and that's what I think we need to kind of get away from which I think people being able to build these kind of systems themselves to make the annoying stuff sustainable so they can focus on like creative aspects of it I think is gonna like be really beneficial in the long run because it's you know that's that that's kind of a part that matters right like it's not the you know the thumbnail with like the surprise face like pointing to the description or whatever I don't yeah it's definitely something that I I also want to like point out is like edit I know how to edit because I interned somewhere it's not my favorite thing definitely not something that I love to do but I know okay cool this is my intro I already have that done this is my outro I have that done I just need to make sure the audio is good and export you know but there's a lot that goes into the steps of editing and like we could be breaking that down even more I don't want to but like that's when people talk about getting into content creation now I'm like do it just know that it is a process and that that's exactly it and it's one of those you don't really like I've done all sorts of things and I figured out what I like and what I don't like and like the the podcast now that I've got is like actually my third attempt at the podcast so the first one there was like one episode published on YouTube the second one I recorded a couple interviews that never actually got published because of the editing part right and so now I actually just have a lot about out of my podcast he's like I don't know for you he's like just just send him to me and I'll send them back and you know it's it's not again like I don't it doesn't need to be like super edited all it needs is like just go through and like probably like chop off the junket like the beginning in the end and it's all about the conversation so like I don't have like an intro or an outro because that's I don't want to complicate it and I just want him to get to the point where I could easily I could publish it as easily as possible right and so I think as new creators that is the the thing to get to and like low bow always laughs and maybe because I'm like he'll like ask me for advice and I'm like just publish it like just just post it just just post it because that is the that's the hardest thing to get over like you know even like you know he's he's he's decently established at this point but he's like you know oh do I do this do I do that and like just post it like yeah you know if you if you have a hunch go for it maybe it's right maybe it's wrong but the hardest part of content creation is putting yourself out there and like it's really easy to pursue perfection and like have the the perfect process to get there but the most important thing is really like just putting yourself out there some way because it's an iterative process right like it gets better over time this process develops over time as you do things over and over you start to see things that you're repeating right and and on that point I and that's such a great point in so for example and I want to say that about Teach Shuntak I actually just posted an article yesterday about this is I failed my way into becoming a develop kato is what I'm calling myself because devils are avocados like it's a y'all it's a thing my other article will show you why it's a thing but but failing my way to devicado like I failed so many times Teach Shuntak is my third show so greater than podcast it did it did survive but we had an intern that did the audio and I met him at a coffee shop like it was so random and this was back in like 2016 and then my second show is shit you don't want to talk about it is so out there yet this is the stuff I'm struggling with what we're going through right now is where I'm like I don't know if I can keep the podcast because it's like this is it's not going to be organic where like Teach Shuntak is very very organic because people are interested in learning tech like it's easier it's a lot easier to talk about it's a lot easier to comprehend it's a lot easier than mental health and all that shit so it's like how do we really work on making it accessible when we don't we don't know what we don't know yeah and that's you know I think the the so I kind of realized the one thing I didn't actually talk about is I'm also writing a book now oh yeah and so this came out like last or I say came out like the idea I decided to just like announce it last week and do it and it's it's called the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Future I like it because it's you know kind of the playoff of Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy which is one of my favorite books of all time but also one of the things that I'm fascinated with is kind of the evolution of technology and where it's going and I do think the future is going to look drastically different based you know in terms of like future of work future of education all of that because of a number of different factors but essentially you know the the skills that are really going to be valuable in the future are not necessarily what people think they are today and you know I think learning tech you know a lot of people get into tech because it pays better right and I do think that that's going to be not as true in the future as it currently is I think tech roles are overvalued right now and as as an engineer like I'm probably pissing off a lot of engineers who were like by saying that but the reality is like engineers are paid well because of the fact that we have to learn constantly right everything is constantly evolving rapidly and we need to kind of keep up on latest trends you know you've got I have used different programming languages throughout my career different frameworks different like and it's still hard to pick up at times like you know because everything is just like it's evolving so fast right but the thing that people don't realize is that's not just true for engineers you know you look at like product managers and designers and all of the other roles software is evolving there too and companies aren't great at rewarding efficiency right now and so they actually tend to punish efficiency which is a whole nother thing but it's gonna result in a lot of people like burning out and just deciding to do their own thing and I think one of the things that's super cool about where the future's going is even if you end up not in tech just understanding how tech works and doing things like thinking through this to create like basic automations with notion right and kind of figuring out these steps that's going to be incredibly valuable because then you know you don't need to build the next app that gets a billion downloads if you can build a small system that saves 10 15 hours a week based on your daily job and like opens up that time to do things that you care about like that's that's gonna be what changes your life right because and then you know you start thinking about how you can you know start like outsourcing your systems to some extent and being able to like give people the blueprints and you kind of see that now with people selling like notion templates and things like that but just understanding kind of where the future's going a lot of what I'm playing around with in this book is like okay well here's kind of I'm breaking down to like here's the like the past technology that kind of like was started and then I'm gonna be doing a bit with like here's where we're currently at and then finishing it up with like and here's kind of where things are headed and why I'm seeing these trends and it's gonna be like it can be overwhelming because there's so many options but the real key is like finding out what works the best for you and like just rolling with that like you don't actually need to pay attention to everything right you find what works and then just go with it find what you enjoy because that's really gonna be what's sustainable in the long run and then you know you build out these systems and then you you kind of just like do your own thing and you know you kind of have that level of freedom that people are really struggling with right now because they're just getting worked and you know harder and harder and it's you get quiet quitting which now they're just underpaid because they're forced to learn at the same rate as engineers and they're not getting paid the same Yes something you mentioned though is about trying things on and seeing if they fit
Yes something you mentioned though is about trying things on and seeing if they fit Yeah it is a way of paraphrasing it and that's something we talk about with mental health so often because tools and techniques that help me may not help the next person and vice versa like there's some really cool tools out there that I'm just like don't work for me whatsoever and again it's like creating this data model and like things of okay cool I I feel like people may interchangeably use like creating mental or like data models to oh I also have that in my toolbox when in reality we're creating data models about that too
Yeah it is a way of paraphrasing it and that's something we talk about with mental health so often because tools and techniques that help me may not help the next person and vice versa like there's some really cool tools out there that I'm just like don't work for me whatsoever and again it's like creating this data model and like things of okay cool I I feel like people may interchangeably use like creating mental or like data models to oh I also have that in my toolbox when in reality we're creating data models about that too Right we we totally are and it's like we represent everything kind of in our minds with these data models we don't call them data models you know sometimes they're called mental models a lot of times they just like the noun that we have in our head and there's some abstract model behind that right and so it's it's not defined and so creating like these data models is really the process of like defining this and it is really powerful when you start to go through and like actually try to define the things that you're thinking about is opposed to just like this abstract word because people define things very very differently and so you know one of the things that I've learned is really not to assume that two people mean the same thing with the same word because they're they're almost never exactly the same and so you know the the kind of cool thing about a data model is it's like you know in that kind of API contract it's like here's the data model and this is exactly what it is and if you want to talk to me like here's the model you need to understand that this is using and so it is really good to think about things in that concrete of terms because it is very different from the way we usually interact and when you start to realize that you know people's models are different and that's why they can't you know connect on certain things you know we really start to think about it and like okay well how can we get from like one model to the other and that's kind of where you know in like data it's like you know data transformations and like I talked about you know going from like Twitter to feather you know we have kind of the same idea of things but those are actually like different representations so how do we make one turn into the other and so that's the idea of like transformation of data and I think it's actually really handy in like talking with other people too and like you start to realize like oh we need to like get more understanding as to like what we actually mean when we use these words so those are the skills to have like I was just about to say I think and I took down the the share screen because I think something that would be really cool is to have you on the show again first off but to like take something like this this is a little easier for me to conceptualize because it's where I'm stuck on instead of like your product I was totally down for your project till I was like oh wait I'm actually working on that myself and it's not clicking damn no see that that's great because it is like you know as I said this was a kind of a new like okay I'm trying to figure this out it actually comes into the the whole book writing process too because I want to like create some like inbound interviews and things like that and then actually gamify it a bit that'd be cool that's another story fun with it well what I'm wondering if we can do next time is so I have this like out this this photo it's done you know I've created the best I could come up with and I think it would be cool if we can do it on like a mirror board or something because I'm pretty sure my notes don't look anything like your notes in the fact of like you know how to make these bags and I'm just like trying to keep up and those type of things that I think it would be really cool to take and really showcase how we may go from like an info dump of here's all the steps I have to do to then where do I go with this because I don't know what I necessarily could automate what like I have a template for graphics but I still need to export those I still need to add any audio grams I still need to you like I think it would be really really cool to showcase how you go from one to another in a technical standpoint but then also just for people that don't naturally know how to go from A to Z because that's 100% me like it's it's not a natural thing because again like we're we're taught to kind of you know create these abstract models and you know we we figure out the process along the way but we typically don't do a ton of like thinking about the process and that's something that like actually going through the exercise of modeling these things really helps you do because it takes practice and it's I don't think there are very many people who can just kind of do it naturally but as you do it you gain experience you start to usually you start using them and then realize what and then so in the future you're like this is what I always miss because it's something that like doesn't come to mind right away and so yeah experience is absolutely valuable there so I'd be happy to kind of come come again and we can you know we can walk through the actual process of it and start outlining exactly like how to do it and you know potentially even like automate some of it just to see what's possible be done too because this is a confuffle a hot mess of I don't know I can do it but it's an organization that I think that's what I always refer to it as is I just mean figure out how to organize it but I don't think it was necessarily organizing it was the data model which is kind of organizing but it is it's breaking it down into like you know very concrete representations of what's happening and that's essentially if you can kind of figure out how to like represent it the the actual process of automating it becomes a lot easier and that's kind of you know when I was talking in the beginning about creating these scalable systems that work like if you define it well it becomes easy and that's really what you should be looking for and if something is hard you probably don't have it defined well because a well-defined data model when you really want to like automate something ideally you have it down to a Google search you can like type in and it's like here's a step-by-step process of how to do this thing you just searched for and and so that's kind of the end goal that we're trying to get it to right we want it to be simple simple enough to Google search for how to automate this and it'll just pop up and then you know obviously with some things that's not quite reality but it's true for more than you would imagine what up homie and I we went through so much today homie how long have you been hanging out with us were you here the entire time because if so like my brain kind of hurts but I'm really excited for like Leo coming back on the show because this is it's definitely something that oh sorry I just like lanced over at my notes and I'm like what's TT video clips TikTok TikTok TikTok video clips um I think it's definitely something that breaking it down and seeing would be so good oh you've been lurking I agree we need to have Leo back Leo you are amazing and thank you again for joining because I love how data modeling really does show up I'm like on repeat right now I'm like it just shows up everywhere it does and that's like it's hard to like create something like okay well here's how you model data like and you know I again I kind of like try to prepare and I'm like they get like different things like we talk about but it's like it really is just everywhere and like you've got to chat about it and eventually you start to see it and then you practice it and it eventually comes out like it's chiseling away at the marble until it creates a sculpture right and that and that's what matters and when we get off the live stream we can figure out when and I do have to say really quick because you're here homie uh homie was my first subscriber excellent how cool I'm so excited um I am up to two now I am very excited and it's growing it's learning and learning life is hard it's like it is I'm gonna make mistakes in front of everybody I know but I think you're you're doing great and that that's part of like the again kind of going back to the the building public university a lot of it's learning in public and so uh being able to do that I think actually sets you up very well for success because um it's that that proof of work right instead of being on a resume like you're like oh like just here's my live stream that I've been doing but like literally we're going through all these different topics and chatting about them and you know it creates this level of proof that you can't quite capture in like a resume or anything and plus you just actually go do stuff with it right like you're actually like oh well now I've got you know this like distribution channel and I've got these podcasts and like you can start tying things together and that's really like where I get excited about like as things like start growing and then I can like start connecting them and like there there's all these little overlaps that uh kind of come into play um and building out you know these these individualized systems that help like help us do whatever we want to do even if it's like all this weird stuff and just you know um but it's fun and then that's that's the part that I it's real fun that's what matters and uh Steph uh their twitter is stuff like curry is also looking at being on the show and they are a uh a data engineer too uh it was the first one that I registered was a data engineer but I think that's because of twitter spaces and stuff and thanks to me I appreciate it uh saying uh no doubt get to witness a rising star I kind of want like a star that I can just like start holding up it's fine um I think we have us all holding up a little higher well I I just did the uh journeys of a develop a develop kato and so my boss was like can you just have a an avocado just slowly sprouting on each of them uh on each of the uh blog posts and we looked up what an avocado um plant looks like it has really weird flowers so I'm not going to do that okay yeah I was a little sad but anyway you and I will once we end this broadcast we will figure out when to schedule next and thank you everyone for joining hit us up if you have questions on twitter my twitter is right there and lia's twitter is there is something like that uh so let us know I appreciate you and like no follow follow there we go follow unless you're watching it on youtube then you can like it and subscribe and all that thank you toksu thanks so many
Right we we totally are and it's like we represent everything kind of in our minds with these data models we don't call them data models you know sometimes they're called mental models a lot of times they just like the noun that we have in our head and there's some abstract model behind that right and so it's it's not defined and so creating like these data models is really the process of like defining this and it is really powerful when you start to go through and like actually try to define the things that you're thinking about is opposed to just like this abstract word because people define things very very differently and so you know one of the things that I've learned is really not to assume that two people mean the same thing with the same word because they're they're almost never exactly the same and so you know the the kind of cool thing about a data model is it's like you know in that kind of API contract it's like here's the data model and this is exactly what it is and if you want to talk to me like here's the model you need to understand that this is using and so it is really good to think about things in that concrete of terms because it is very different from the way we usually interact and when you start to realize that you know people's models are different and that's why they can't you know connect on certain things you know we really start to think about it and like okay well how can we get from like one model to the other and that's kind of where you know in like data it's like you know data transformations and like I talked about you know going from like Twitter to feather you know we have kind of the same idea of things but those are actually like different representations so how do we make one turn into the other and so that's the idea of like transformation of data and I think it's actually really handy in like talking with other people too and like you start to realize like oh we need to like get more understanding as to like what we actually mean when we use these words so those are the skills to have like I was just about to say I think and I took down the the share screen because I think something that would be really cool is to have you on the show again first off but to like take something like this this is a little easier for me to conceptualize because it's where I'm stuck on instead of like your product I was totally down for your project till I was like oh wait I'm actually working on that myself and it's not clicking damn no see that that's great because it is like you know as I said this was a kind of a new like okay I'm trying to figure this out it actually comes into the the whole book writing process too because I want to like create some like inbound interviews and things like that and then actually gamify it a bit that'd be cool that's another story fun with it well what I'm wondering if we can do next time is so I have this like out this this photo it's done you know I've created the best I could come up with and I think it would be cool if we can do it on like a mirror board or something because I'm pretty sure my notes don't look anything like your notes in the fact of like you know how to make these bags and I'm just like trying to keep up and those type of things that I think it would be really cool to take and really showcase how we may go from like an info dump of here's all the steps I have to do to then where do I go with this because I don't know what I necessarily could automate what like I have a template for graphics but I still need to export those I still need to add any audio grams I still need to you like I think it would be really really cool to showcase how you go from one to another in a technical standpoint but then also just for people that don't naturally know how to go from A to Z because that's 100% me like it's it's not a natural thing because again like we're we're taught to kind of you know create these abstract models and you know we we figure out the process along the way but we typically don't do a ton of like thinking about the process and that's something that like actually going through the exercise of modeling these things really helps you do because it takes practice and it's I don't think there are very many people who can just kind of do it naturally but as you do it you gain experience you start to usually you start using them and then realize what and then so in the future you're like this is what I always miss because it's something that like doesn't come to mind right away and so yeah experience is absolutely valuable there so I'd be happy to kind of come come again and we can you know we can walk through the actual process of it and start outlining exactly like how to do it and you know potentially even like automate some of it just to see what's possible be done too because this is a confuffle a hot mess of I don't know I can do it but it's an organization that I think that's what I always refer to it as is I just mean figure out how to organize it but I don't think it was necessarily organizing it was the data model which is kind of organizing but it is it's breaking it down into like you know very concrete representations of what's happening and that's essentially if you can kind of figure out how to like represent it the the actual process of automating it becomes a lot easier and that's kind of you know when I was talking in the beginning about creating these scalable systems that work like if you define it well it becomes easy and that's really what you should be looking for and if something is hard you probably don't have it defined well because a well-defined data model when you really want to like automate something ideally you have it down to a Google search you can like type in and it's like here's a step-by-step process of how to do this thing you just searched for and and so that's kind of the end goal that we're trying to get it to right we want it to be simple simple enough to Google search for how to automate this and it'll just pop up and then you know obviously with some things that's not quite reality but it's true for more than you would imagine what up homie and I we went through so much today homie how long have you been hanging out with us were you here the entire time because if so like my brain kind of hurts but I'm really excited for like Leo coming back on the show because this is it's definitely something that oh sorry I just like lanced over at my notes and I'm like what's TT video clips TikTok TikTok TikTok video clips um I think it's definitely something that breaking it down and seeing would be so good oh you've been lurking I agree we need to have Leo back Leo you are amazing and thank you again for joining because I love how data modeling really does show up I'm like on repeat right now I'm like it just shows up everywhere it does and that's like it's hard to like create something like okay well here's how you model data like and you know I again I kind of like try to prepare and I'm like they get like different things like we talk about but it's like it really is just everywhere and like you've got to chat about it and eventually you start to see it and then you practice it and it eventually comes out like it's chiseling away at the marble until it creates a sculpture right and that and that's what matters and when we get off the live stream we can figure out when and I do have to say really quick because you're here homie uh homie was my first subscriber excellent how cool I'm so excited um I am up to two now I am very excited and it's growing it's learning and learning life is hard it's like it is I'm gonna make mistakes in front of everybody I know but I think you're you're doing great and that that's part of like the again kind of going back to the the building public university a lot of it's learning in public and so uh being able to do that I think actually sets you up very well for success because um it's that that proof of work right instead of being on a resume like you're like oh like just here's my live stream that I've been doing but like literally we're going through all these different topics and chatting about them and you know it creates this level of proof that you can't quite capture in like a resume or anything and plus you just actually go do stuff with it right like you're actually like oh well now I've got you know this like distribution channel and I've got these podcasts and like you can start tying things together and that's really like where I get excited about like as things like start growing and then I can like start connecting them and like there there's all these little overlaps that uh kind of come into play um and building out you know these these individualized systems that help like help us do whatever we want to do even if it's like all this weird stuff and just you know um but it's fun and then that's that's the part that I it's real fun that's what matters and uh Steph uh their twitter is stuff like curry is also looking at being on the show and they are a uh a data engineer too uh it was the first one that I registered was a data engineer but I think that's because of twitter spaces and stuff and thanks to me I appreciate it uh saying uh no doubt get to witness a rising star I kind of want like a star that I can just like start holding up it's fine um I think we have us all holding up a little higher well I I just did the uh journeys of a develop a develop kato and so my boss was like can you just have a an avocado just slowly sprouting on each of them uh on each of the uh blog posts and we looked up what an avocado um plant looks like it has really weird flowers so I'm not going to do that okay yeah I was a little sad but anyway you and I will once we end this broadcast we will figure out when to schedule next and thank you everyone for joining hit us up if you have questions on twitter my twitter is right there and lia's twitter is there is something like that uh so let us know I appreciate you and like no follow follow there we go follow unless you're watching it on youtube then you can like it and subscribe and all that thank you toksu thanks so many