Hello, hello beautiful humans. Welcome back to Teach Shentech and one of our returning visitors of Anthony who is is this your third time being on the show? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, are there other any others who I'm sure remote has probably been on three or four by now? Yeah, yeah, yeah Well, we paired up doing some stuff with Taylor from Distributed and that was pretty fun and then Laura will have her third time on on Monday and then yesterday I was just like, Ben, you need to come on like once a month just so that way I think accessibility is such a deep topic but not something you can necessarily like consume really really quickly
Well, we paired up doing some stuff with Taylor from Distributed and that was pretty fun and then Laura will have her third time on on Monday and then yesterday I was just like, Ben, you need to come on like once a month just so that way I think accessibility is such a deep topic but not something you can necessarily like consume really really quickly You also have to fill four episodes a week so that requires a lot of people so you if you can have people who can come on kind of regularly then you can fill the slots a lot more easily. Yeah, but like I actually just talked to Mike over at Strip
You also have to fill four episodes a week so that requires a lot of people so you if you can have people who can come on kind of regularly then you can fill the slots a lot more easily. Yeah, but like I actually just talked to Mike over at Strip He's the one that I like to call Hey, You're Not Square because I totally did that the first time we met and it's something that what up yeah, we're setting up my computer today because I just hard reset it so I have chrome set up so far discord, snag it, slack and I definitely need to do my Bluetooth but Mike from Strip just gave me the idea to do like look up people's tutorials and do them
He's the one that I like to call Hey, You're Not Square because I totally did that the first time we met and it's something that what up yeah, we're setting up my computer today because I just hard reset it so I have chrome set up so far discord, snag it, slack and I definitely need to do my Bluetooth but Mike from Strip just gave me the idea to do like look up people's tutorials and do them Oh yeah, although this is something I need to figure out about Streamyard is how to allow sharing the audio and but not something I have to figure out today like yesterday is with Ben, nobody could hear the accessibility stuff from the audio computer like zoom you know how zoom's like hey share screen and then yeah so yeah that's it that's overall a good default because of vast majority of the time you don't want your computer sounds bleeding but that's one case where you'd actually want to be able to do it yeah so I don't know yeah neither do I but we'll figure it out and let's see I am uploading the overlay because I completed it
Oh yeah, although this is something I need to figure out about Streamyard is how to allow sharing the audio and but not something I have to figure out today like yesterday is with Ben, nobody could hear the accessibility stuff from the audio computer like zoom you know how zoom's like hey share screen and then yeah so yeah that's it that's overall a good default because of vast majority of the time you don't want your computer sounds bleeding but that's one case where you'd actually want to be able to do it yeah so I don't know yeah neither do I but we'll figure it out and let's see I am uploading the overlay because I completed it Vim I don't even officially know what Vim is is Vim is like an older editor so you can kind of think of it like VS code but like a more pare down version that was more based around having specific key bindings to navigate around so the thing that makes Vim different from most things is that there's times when you can move the cursor by pressing the keys and times you can actually write stuff to it while you're typing so there's like two modes that you can be in partly because you're getting navigate around a lot and when you work in like large files so people build a lot of muscle memory around it but it's also like takes a long time to learn and actually get proficient at and now VS code is just like so awesome and does so many nice things for you anyway that not as many people use Vim but it was kind of like if you want to be like a quote-quote serious program or you like I want to learn Vim
Vim I don't even officially know what Vim is is Vim is like an older editor so you can kind of think of it like VS code but like a more pare down version that was more based around having specific key bindings to navigate around so the thing that makes Vim different from most things is that there's times when you can move the cursor by pressing the keys and times you can actually write stuff to it while you're typing so there's like two modes that you can be in partly because you're getting navigate around a lot and when you work in like large files so people build a lot of muscle memory around it but it's also like takes a long time to learn and actually get proficient at and now VS code is just like so awesome and does so many nice things for you anyway that not as many people use Vim but it was kind of like if you want to be like a quote-quote serious program or you like I want to learn Vim Yeah okay that makes sense and yeah I like how you say that you're just trolling and I'm like it could have been a serious question and I didn't know yet but you know. Yeah you should assume 90% of the time when people are talking about Vim they're trolling
Yeah okay that makes sense and yeah I like how you say that you're just trolling and I'm like it could have been a serious question and I didn't know yet but you know. Yeah you should assume 90% of the time when people are talking about Vim they're trolling Okay good and I'm almost ready to share my screen and once I get my screens set up in the proper order. Yeah that's all good. Or not because we are literally setting up my computer
Okay good and I'm almost ready to share my screen and once I get my screens set up in the proper order. Yeah that's all good. Or not because we are literally setting up my computer It does not have like anything like I don't even have my Bluetooth keyboard paired so it's okay did I do that right let's see. I wish I could share my screen on this one but it like goes to the actual screens
It does not have like anything like I don't even have my Bluetooth keyboard paired so it's okay did I do that right let's see. I wish I could share my screen on this one but it like goes to the actual screens So I can talk about what I would like to show you to do if you're still so air while you're while you're doing this. Yeah. I hope you're just staring at my screen and no one can see it. Thank you. Thank you
So I can talk about what I would like to show you to do if you're still so air while you're while you're doing this. Yeah. I hope you're just staring at my screen and no one can see it. Thank you. Thank you Thank you. Yeah the the thing that we had talked about the mic brought this up Mike Havalear on his next episode about just like useful snippets and like stuff that will kind of make your life easier and more productive
Thank you. Yeah the the thing that we had talked about the mic brought this up Mike Havalear on his next episode about just like useful snippets and like stuff that will kind of make your life easier and more productive So see I mean partly that and partly just getting you this stuff installed to allow you to have these useful snippets because some of these are using like the GitHub CLI which you need to install and to install I eat home bruising to install home bro and so I have a gist that has a couple little formulas that will run through and then when we're done because I might edit it along the way you're going to fork it and then anytime you install anything else you're going to write it in that gist so then you will have a record for how your machine is set up
So see I mean partly that and partly just getting you this stuff installed to allow you to have these useful snippets because some of these are using like the GitHub CLI which you need to install and to install I eat home bruising to install home bro and so I have a gist that has a couple little formulas that will run through and then when we're done because I might edit it along the way you're going to fork it and then anytime you install anything else you're going to write it in that gist so then you will have a record for how your machine is set up If every single programmer in the entire world did this for everything they installed everyone's dead machine would be perfectly reproducible every single time. That's me sound like you told me. Interesting. All right so I am pretty sure I got my screens at least set up properly
If every single programmer in the entire world did this for everything they installed everyone's dead machine would be perfectly reproducible every single time. That's me sound like you told me. Interesting. All right so I am pretty sure I got my screens at least set up properly Really? Really? I don't know. I don't want to leave this site. I need to update my system preferences. Oh my gosh
Really? Really? I don't know. I don't want to leave this site. I need to update my system preferences. Oh my gosh Oh my gosh. And so some of the snippets also will be like initializing a git repo and then like pushing it up to a GitHub repository with like a single command or like setting up a Postgres database. These are things that you probably don't have a lot of cons
Oh my gosh. And so some of the snippets also will be like initializing a git repo and then like pushing it up to a GitHub repository with like a single command or like setting up a Postgres database. These are things that you probably don't have a lot of cons Some things you won't have a lot of context on like why you need it yet but in like a moment or two you're going to need a situation where you're going to have to spin up a Postgres database and you're like wait, Anthony told me how to do this in the real way
Some things you won't have a lot of context on like why you need it yet but in like a moment or two you're going to need a situation where you're going to have to spin up a Postgres database and you're like wait, Anthony told me how to do this in the real way And that's probably the thing I'm really excited about is like when you talk to people that are like hey I'm going to get up and running and I want to start coding. It's like what do they need on their machine? Because that is something that I have found it was really really confusing
And that's probably the thing I'm really excited about is like when you talk to people that are like hey I'm going to get up and running and I want to start coding. It's like what do they need on their machine? Because that is something that I have found it was really really confusing Have I told you the story of when no one could get my dev machine working when I was in my bootcamp? This is actually a ridiculous story. My node was like so broken that we couldn't figure out how run local dev like local host like on my computer
Have I told you the story of when no one could get my dev machine working when I was in my bootcamp? This is actually a ridiculous story. My node was like so broken that we couldn't figure out how run local dev like local host like on my computer Like you would run mpm start or like yarn start and then nothing would happen and there would be no error message and everyone was baffled. And this went on for like two months and then eventually I realized what it was. I was messing around with this stuff before I knew what I think it was
Like you would run mpm start or like yarn start and then nothing would happen and there would be no error message and everyone was baffled. And this went on for like two months and then eventually I realized what it was. I was messing around with this stuff before I knew what I think it was So I kind of knew to my machine before I even got there
So I kind of knew to my machine before I even got there I had a single node modules folder like a stray one in my like route like user directory so every time I'll be in a project and try to run a command node would get confused because it would try and find the original node modules because it like does this hierarchy thing to like find the node modules
I had a single node modules folder like a stray one in my like route like user directory so every time I'll be in a project and try to run a command node would get confused because it would try and find the original node modules because it like does this hierarchy thing to like find the node modules And so by deleting the node modules in the route of my computer then I was able to all of a sudden use it. It was so specific and so ridiculous and like multiple people at the bootcamp looked at this and tried to figure it out. I don't know
And so by deleting the node modules in the route of my computer then I was able to all of a sudden use it. It was so specific and so ridiculous and like multiple people at the bootcamp looked at this and tried to figure it out. I don't know I don't know. So what I did was I used code sandbox like you've been doing. I would code a code sandbox put it in a get repo and then deploy that get repo to nullify
I don't know. So what I did was I used code sandbox like you've been doing. I would code a code sandbox put it in a get repo and then deploy that get repo to nullify And then that's what I would show for like when I used to turn it in because most people they would like share their screen and they would run on the computer and they would kind of click through it. Or I'll be like I have a link and so it's like it actually was better
And then that's what I would show for like when I used to turn it in because most people they would like share their screen and they would run on the computer and they would kind of click through it. Or I'll be like I have a link and so it's like it actually was better It meant I have like a deployed website and other people didn't but it was like a really crazy way to get there. I honestly like appreciate so much because Yere was the one that introduced me to code sandbox
It meant I have like a deployed website and other people didn't but it was like a really crazy way to get there. I honestly like appreciate so much because Yere was the one that introduced me to code sandbox And I'm just like dude that is actually really cool how you can see it so quickly without having to like go through and download it all. I think it was really hard to and it's hard for a lot of newbies to be able to see that and like understand what they're actually doing
And I'm just like dude that is actually really cool how you can see it so quickly without having to like go through and download it all. I think it was really hard to and it's hard for a lot of newbies to be able to see that and like understand what they're actually doing Yeah 100% yeah there's like multiple good online IDEs. Now you should try out stack blitz. Next it's like a newer kind of more modern version of code sandbox and it's really great. Ria I'm just still having problems sharing my screen
Yeah 100% yeah there's like multiple good online IDEs. Now you should try out stack blitz. Next it's like a newer kind of more modern version of code sandbox and it's really great. Ria I'm just still having problems sharing my screen So what exactly is the problem like what's happening? You used to use your words can't show me. It wants me to restart Chrome which will end the live stream
So what exactly is the problem like what's happening? You used to use your words can't show me. It wants me to restart Chrome which will end the live stream Can you make me like the co-host or something so it stays on? Because I think if someone stays on hold on let me first see if I can be said won't end the stream I just I need to restart Chrome. I mean only one way to find out you could try you could also open it in a different browser
Can you make me like the co-host or something so it stays on? Because I think if someone stays on hold on let me first see if I can be said won't end the stream I just I need to restart Chrome. I mean only one way to find out you could try you could also open it in a different browser I tried that. Well I tried a well let's try Safari. Maybe I can't use that. What was the other one did you try Firefox or other browser? I tried incognito instead. Oh well that's not going to work. Yeah so that way yeah no you don't do that. Yeah I'm thinking about this
I tried that. Well I tried a well let's try Safari. Maybe I can't use that. What was the other one did you try Firefox or other browser? I tried incognito instead. Oh well that's not going to work. Yeah so that way yeah no you don't do that. Yeah I'm thinking about this Oh setup shareability is so amazing. Like late to the show. Yarridae. Yarridae what do you wish that you knew when you first started coding? I don't think I ever asked you that when you were on the show. I don't know. Can you believe that was two months ago? Like seriously that is crazy
Oh setup shareability is so amazing. Like late to the show. Yarridae. Yarridae what do you wish that you knew when you first started coding? I don't think I ever asked you that when you were on the show. I don't know. Can you believe that was two months ago? Like seriously that is crazy But crazy time flies when you're coding. Fucking good. I mean I get name times the things that I wish I knew earlier. I wish I had learned more about HTTP and like what I get in a post R that would have been super useful
But crazy time flies when you're coding. Fucking good. I mean I get name times the things that I wish I knew earlier. I wish I had learned more about HTTP and like what I get in a post R that would have been super useful And I wish I actually learned the fetch API instead of using Axios because Axios is like a library that's really nice and like kind of wraps the fetch API so it kind of hides most of it from you so you don't really know what the heck is going on
And I wish I actually learned the fetch API instead of using Axios because Axios is like a library that's really nice and like kind of wraps the fetch API so it kind of hides most of it from you so you don't really know what the heck is going on Please stand by because I need to download Firefox because uh string VR does not allow it to not work with Safari. I mean it doesn't work with Brady Beeler so it doesn't surprise me. I am this is the episode of me struggle busing setting up my computer
Please stand by because I need to download Firefox because uh string VR does not allow it to not work with Safari. I mean it doesn't work with Brady Beeler so it doesn't surprise me. I am this is the episode of me struggle busing setting up my computer So yeah does that mean you searched for answers on Yahoo? I guess there's like bulletin boards back in the day. Four hours. I really need to find something. I RC chat. Things that existed before I was alive. All right so let's try this again. We are going to go to stream yard
So yeah does that mean you searched for answers on Yahoo? I guess there's like bulletin boards back in the day. Four hours. I really need to find something. I RC chat. Things that existed before I was alive. All right so let's try this again. We are going to go to stream yard Oh yeah I'm crash yet so that's good. That is good. We are at least getting in the right direction. And this is something that I was told quite a few times that people actually love about like live streams is when people mess up and I'm like, yo I'm messing up you just can't see it yet
Oh yeah I'm crash yet so that's good. That is good. We are at least getting in the right direction. And this is something that I was told quite a few times that people actually love about like live streams is when people mess up and I'm like, yo I'm messing up you just can't see it yet We'll get there. Yeah this is not as much as this is not as reverting because they're not seeing like a debugging process. That's more so if you find interesting. Uh greed. Okay
We'll get there. Yeah this is not as much as this is not as reverting because they're not seeing like a debugging process. That's more so if you find interesting. Uh greed. Okay Uh greed. Okay. Because you can see how people think through like what happens when you try and actually build something that isn't like something that's someone already built for you. You're like kind of chart a path out for you. Exactly. Okay we are. Remember. Did it. Okay. Okay
Uh greed. Okay. Because you can see how people think through like what happens when you try and actually build something that isn't like something that's someone already built for you. You're like kind of chart a path out for you. Exactly. Okay we are. Remember. Did it. Okay. Okay Did it. Okay. Okay. I can mute this one. Stop the camera on this one. Okay. And I think this one will still work. Oh. Okay. Wait. You dropped off but history. Yeah. I'm on firefox now. So. Oh. I mean if I can just get it working from here I'm going to do that but I think we're going to find out
Did it. Okay. Okay. I can mute this one. Stop the camera on this one. Okay. And I think this one will still work. Oh. Okay. Wait. You dropped off but history. Yeah. I'm on firefox now. So. Oh. I mean if I can just get it working from here I'm going to do that but I think we're going to find out I'm going to share my little gist in the chat so people have something to look at all this is going on. So they have something to do other than just listen to. I'm also going to get your whole node deal set up. So I'm going to have you install Volta set your node version install yarn and PMPM
I'm going to share my little gist in the chat so people have something to look at all this is going on. So they have something to do other than just listen to. I'm also going to get your whole node deal set up. So I'm going to have you install Volta set your node version install yarn and PMPM So that no matter what project you get thrown at you you will have the tools necessary to run that stupid job as for a project the way that particular dev decide to make you do it. Oh well. Yarei have a wonderful day at work and thank you for sharing. Yeah thanks for stopping by
So that no matter what project you get thrown at you you will have the tools necessary to run that stupid job as for a project the way that particular dev decide to make you do it. Oh well. Yarei have a wonderful day at work and thank you for sharing. Yeah thanks for stopping by And after all of that it took me 15 minutes just to share my screen. Safari just started sharing it instead of Chrome. So I'm just going to stay in Safari for now and I can do stuff in Chrome if needed. I still need some blue tooth. It's okay. It's okay. All right
And after all of that it took me 15 minutes just to share my screen. Safari just started sharing it instead of Chrome. So I'm just going to stay in Safari for now and I can do stuff in Chrome if needed. I still need some blue tooth. It's okay. It's okay. All right All right. So you said that you shared the gist already? About to. I'm just going to show the outline links all work. All right. All right. There it is. And I shared this on on Twitter. When you tweeted this. Sweet. Let's see if I can recalibrate to the proper all the stuff going on. Oh my gosh
All right. So you said that you shared the gist already? About to. I'm just going to show the outline links all work. All right. All right. There it is. And I shared this on on Twitter. When you tweeted this. Sweet. Let's see if I can recalibrate to the proper all the stuff going on. Oh my gosh Oh my gosh. And I hate that like three months. Okay. I'm not just trying to bash on stream yard right now. I'm just struggle busing. You also can't like copy and paste things from stream yard. You have to. Yeah. And you can from the comments thing on the right
Oh my gosh. And I hate that like three months. Okay. I'm not just trying to bash on stream yard right now. I'm just struggle busing. You also can't like copy and paste things from stream yard. You have to. Yeah. And you can from the comments thing on the right It it won't it'll just it won't copy and paste. It'll just let you show it or not show it. It might be different from for you since you don't have access to showing and unshowing. Yeah. Maybe. I feel like I can write comments. You said there's no input. Like where you can type text
It it won't it'll just it won't copy and paste. It'll just let you show it or not show it. It might be different from for you since you don't have access to showing and unshowing. Yeah. Maybe. I feel like I can write comments. You said there's no input. Like where you can type text Are you on private chat or comments on comments on comments you can't copy it on private chat you can. Will you paste it in the private chat instead of me trying to go find it. Because my Twitter is not logged in either. And neither. I'll just type it out. Obviously
Are you on private chat or comments on comments on comments you can't copy it on private chat you can. Will you paste it in the private chat instead of me trying to go find it. Because my Twitter is not logged in either. And neither. I'll just type it out. Obviously Obviously. It's a perfectly reasonable URL. I am struggling this morning. Y'all if you could and tell. All right. Is that okay. That what we're actually going to do is you're just literally going to run a bunch of commands that I've already written for you
Obviously. It's a perfectly reasonable URL. I am struggling this morning. Y'all if you could and tell. All right. Is that okay. That what we're actually going to do is you're just literally going to run a bunch of commands that I've already written for you It's the least stressful thing you could ever do. Yes. All right. And hopefully we also get VS code working to actually open. Yeah. We should do that before any of this. Okay. So I haven't even downloaded VS code yet. Like it's literally. Well, you got to download that then. Right now
It's the least stressful thing you could ever do. Yes. All right. And hopefully we also get VS code working to actually open. Yeah. We should do that before any of this. Okay. So I haven't even downloaded VS code yet. Like it's literally. Well, you got to download that then. Right now Right now. Don't download brackets. I think that does brackets come default or. No. Oh, if anybody wants a really good hairdresser. Brandy is it. So, but no, I don't have brackets yet. So that's good. Yeah. It's just there's no need. Like here. You're never going to use another
Right now. Don't download brackets. I think that does brackets come default or. No. Oh, if anybody wants a really good hairdresser. Brandy is it. So, but no, I don't have brackets yet. So that's good. Yeah. It's just there's no need. Like here. You're never going to use another It's highly unlikely you're going to use another editor anytime soon. And then. Unless you meet some web storm people and they really convince you. Maybe one day you never know. Maybe one day. You do. At least while that's downloading, I can do all the really annoying stuff
It's highly unlikely you're going to use another editor anytime soon. And then. Unless you meet some web storm people and they really convince you. Maybe one day you never know. Maybe one day. You do. At least while that's downloading, I can do all the really annoying stuff I got the Bluetooth don't go in. Now I just need to remove all this stuff from my dog that I don't use. I always get so confused when I use someone's computer that has the dock on one of the sides. Oh my gosh. Why is it why does it work? Yeah. No, I hate it being at the bottom
I got the Bluetooth don't go in. Now I just need to remove all this stuff from my dog that I don't use. I always get so confused when I use someone's computer that has the dock on one of the sides. Oh my gosh. Why is it why does it work? Yeah. No, I hate it being at the bottom Oh, no, I just options. Move from dock. Crimes good. Those are good. It's so small right now. It's like sad. It's like all the icons are so big because of. I don't have all the stuff in there that I normally do. Yeah, I find a more amenable dock. He too. Sainter. Probably. Probably
Oh, no, I just options. Move from dock. Crimes good. Those are good. It's so small right now. It's like sad. It's like all the icons are so big because of. I don't have all the stuff in there that I normally do. Yeah, I find a more amenable dock. He too. Sainter. Probably. Probably Probably. Probably. Well, for everyone that's going to be watching this. We heard town loading and installing VS code, which I just Googled VS code and got to the download. Yeah, so that's one thing I could include in this just for right now
Probably. Probably. Well, for everyone that's going to be watching this. We heard town loading and installing VS code, which I just Googled VS code and got to the download. Yeah, so that's one thing I could include in this just for right now I don't like there's no links or really any kind of these are just like straight instructions. But I'm kind of assuming that people either know these are like I'm going to explain them as we go. So. Yeah, particularly curious
I don't like there's no links or really any kind of these are just like straight instructions. But I'm kind of assuming that people either know these are like I'm going to explain them as we go. So. Yeah, particularly curious This will be a good record of and these are things that I do like every day, like super duper common things. So. Yeah. Do you think it should be where. It makes that way bigger. Yeah. That you show like getting VS code going and then like installing prettier
This will be a good record of and these are things that I do like every day, like super duper common things. So. Yeah. Do you think it should be where. It makes that way bigger. Yeah. That you show like getting VS code going and then like installing prettier Because that's also something that like a lot of people forget is installing prettier and that. So there's a thing here with when you're using a CLI to like prettier, you don't need to install prettier on your computer
Because that's also something that like a lot of people forget is installing prettier and that. So there's a thing here with when you're using a CLI to like prettier, you don't need to install prettier on your computer You can have prettier just inside of a project like in the node modules and run it with like NPM or yarn. And I think you should do that for the vast majority of the CLI tools you use. So like I even do that with like nullifying ourselves CLIs
You can have prettier just inside of a project like in the node modules and run it with like NPM or yarn. And I think you should do that for the vast majority of the CLI tools you use. So like I even do that with like nullifying ourselves CLIs So I think it's only like a handful of ones that I'm going to show you that's because they're not like things you just put in NPM projects. They're more so like. They're just the more complicated, but you say you need to use brew. But for the most part, if you're globally installing NPM stuff
So I think it's only like a handful of ones that I'm going to show you that's because they're not like things you just put in NPM projects. They're more so like. They're just the more complicated, but you say you need to use brew. But for the most part, if you're globally installing NPM stuff You want to think hard about that and here's the reason why because then one, if you assume someone else has on their computer, they may or may not work. And then you get in the project, everyone who closed that repo gets the same dependencies every time
You want to think hard about that and here's the reason why because then one, if you assume someone else has on their computer, they may or may not work. And then you get in the project, everyone who closed that repo gets the same dependencies every time And then you also have to worry about having to update the CLI on your machine because every time you every time there's a new version, your CLI stays the same. There's not like automatic updates usually. So you have to like manually upgrade these things
And then you also have to worry about having to update the CLI on your machine because every time you every time there's a new version, your CLI stays the same. There's not like automatic updates usually. So you have to like manually upgrade these things But if you're just creating new projects and putting it as a dependency every time you download is dependency old, pull the latest version. Yeah, it's okay. Um, I wonder if everybody does that. The global versus death. So it's a hot topic. People have, you know, different opinions about each
But if you're just creating new projects and putting it as a dependency every time you download is dependency old, pull the latest version. Yeah, it's okay. Um, I wonder if everybody does that. The global versus death. So it's a hot topic. People have, you know, different opinions about each Most people will agree that using it as a project dependency is just like more stable and just like more dependable because it's like
Most people will agree that using it as a project dependency is just like more stable and just like more dependable because it's like It cuts out the variability of developers machines, which is like for me, I think always a good thing because as we're seeing here this process is a lot of steps to set this stuff up. Everyone says that the machine differently
It cuts out the variability of developers machines, which is like for me, I think always a good thing because as we're seeing here this process is a lot of steps to set this stuff up. Everyone says that the machine differently Everyone has different opinions about how they should set their machine up. So if you make the project have to decide that then it is all self contained and you clone a repo and the things are there you need you need to worry about installing these extra CLIs on your machine
Everyone has different opinions about how they should set their machine up. So if you make the project have to decide that then it is all self contained and you clone a repo and the things are there you need you need to worry about installing these extra CLIs on your machine I will say I am very, very grateful that, um, like your tokens, if you have like something on your phone to do that, they're not messed with. You're waiting by your tokens on your phone like for a factor. Yeah, for two factor. Yeah, well, you can, you can do two factors through your one password
I will say I am very, very grateful that, um, like your tokens, if you have like something on your phone to do that, they're not messed with. You're waiting by your tokens on your phone like for a factor. Yeah, for two factor. Yeah, well, you can, you can do two factors through your one password I think that's a really bad idea because then if you're one password, you guys hacked your passwords and your two factor. Oh, that is also something that needs to be on somebody's to do list of best practices because I don't even have that setup and that's something that's not top
I think that's a really bad idea because then if you're one password, you guys hacked your passwords and your two factor. Oh, that is also something that needs to be on somebody's to do list of best practices because I don't even have that setup and that's something that's not top She's stopped everything you're doing right now. You need to get a password manager. Yeah, I will, I will, we'll add it to the to do list, but. I don't want to take up that much time because we only got like 40 more minutes. You know how long it takes to install one password like five seconds
She's stopped everything you're doing right now. You need to get a password manager. Yeah, I will, I will, we'll add it to the to do list, but. I don't want to take up that much time because we only got like 40 more minutes. You know how long it takes to install one password like five seconds I'm going. What a nice. I'm doing it on like the deal over here on my extra screen because yeah, no, don't show anything for the password. You all don't need to see that shit. And from now, we will refer to it as last pass just to really mess with people
I'm going. What a nice. I'm doing it on like the deal over here on my extra screen because yeah, no, don't show anything for the password. You all don't need to see that shit. And from now, we will refer to it as last pass just to really mess with people But yeah, this is going to, you want this to be in your workflow now because you're going to have so many things you have signed up for where so many passwords and you're also going to have API keys and you're going to have
But yeah, this is going to, you want this to be in your workflow now because you're going to have so many things you have signed up for where so many passwords and you're also going to have API keys and you're going to have Eventually, probably multiple emails attached to different things and you can also keep like your credit card information and one password and use that to fill out forms when you're buying stuff online. So like that's super sweet
Eventually, probably multiple emails attached to different things and you can also keep like your credit card information and one password and use that to fill out forms when you're buying stuff online. So like that's super sweet Also, there's like this as a parody of there's tons of crypto wallet functionality too. So like one password is one of the most amazing pieces of software. Like I've ever used and it's transformative. I used it before at a previous company, but I like never used it at the same time
Also, there's like this as a parody of there's tons of crypto wallet functionality too. So like one password is one of the most amazing pieces of software. Like I've ever used and it's transformative. I used it before at a previous company, but I like never used it at the same time And then you have to actually like get in the habit of using it, because it also will auto fill data on most websites like you should always assume like 10% of the time one password is just not going to work because they can't make it work with every website on the entire internet
And then you have to actually like get in the habit of using it, because it also will auto fill data on most websites like you should always assume like 10% of the time one password is just not going to work because they can't make it work with every website on the entire internet But like the most of the important ones, you just click it and it'll say, all right, I got auto fill is for you. They click it and they log in. Yeah, it was really convenient with things that were like shared passwords. That's exactly what Nate's saying right now is that
But like the most of the important ones, you just click it and it'll say, all right, I got auto fill is for you. They click it and they log in. Yeah, it was really convenient with things that were like shared passwords. That's exactly what Nate's saying right now is that I also, we also, I got my partner on one password too, so that we could share a bunch of stuff and share like, you know, like hulu accounts and things like that, you know. You just put like, you should have taxes in there if you want
I also, we also, I got my partner on one password too, so that we could share a bunch of stuff and share like, you know, like hulu accounts and things like that, you know. You just put like, you should have taxes in there if you want Like environment variables, like you have a environment variables for a certain project. It's a good place to save that as well. So you're going to have to create a master password though. And this is important
Like environment variables, like you have a environment variables for a certain project. It's a good place to save that as well. So you're going to have to create a master password though. And this is important You're going to like write down a piece paper and then put that a safe deposit box somewhere. Yeah, I better write this down, because I'm not going to remember what I just created. What's cool though is that they prompt you to always have to do it at least once every two weeks
You're going to like write down a piece paper and then put that a safe deposit box somewhere. Yeah, I better write this down, because I'm not going to remember what I just created. What's cool though is that they prompt you to always have to do it at least once every two weeks So you don't go six months without ever doing it and then forget it for the rest of your life. They kind of force you to have some sort of like repetition. So you don't forget it. I found the smart. I found my, I found the sticky notes that you're Arnold. Yes, yes. I mean, it was good
So you don't go six months without ever doing it and then forget it for the rest of your life. They kind of force you to have some sort of like repetition. So you don't forget it. I found the smart. I found my, I found the sticky notes that you're Arnold. Yes, yes. I mean, it was good I could tell. So successful impression. I would just say get to the job. Okay. Now I have to actually type it properly. I think this is truly though, like people don't think about this or like know where to start with this
I could tell. So successful impression. I would just say get to the job. Okay. Now I have to actually type it properly. I think this is truly though, like people don't think about this or like know where to start with this It's something this referring to password management or just setting up your machine. Both. Yeah, totally. Yeah, I think password managers are starting to become a little more mainstream for some people. Like I know a lot of people who use like last past and things like that
It's something this referring to password management or just setting up your machine. Both. Yeah, totally. Yeah, I think password managers are starting to become a little more mainstream for some people. Like I know a lot of people who use like last past and things like that You know, if they're not necessarily developers. But a lot of people that are like like my dad who like every one of his accounts had like one password, which was like his mother's made name and like two numbers. So it was like the easiest thing to hack ever
You know, if they're not necessarily developers. But a lot of people that are like like my dad who like every one of his accounts had like one password, which was like his mother's made name and like two numbers. So it was like the easiest thing to hack ever And if you use it for all the same things, actually have you ever checked have I been poned to see if you're in any data breaches. Now
And if you use it for all the same things, actually have you ever checked have I been poned to see if you're in any data breaches. Now Now. This is a really useful website that actually integrate with one password, where if like a company's whole thing gets hacked and it gets like posted in like a data dump, they will notify you if yours is in that record and let you know, hey, you should change your password. Oh, that's dope
Now. This is a really useful website that actually integrate with one password, where if like a company's whole thing gets hacked and it gets like posted in like a data dump, they will notify you if yours is in that record and let you know, hey, you should change your password. Oh, that's dope Oh, that's dope. Okay. I have finally have one pass set up. Okay. So now that that's done. I have the us code. I got my terminal up. I know we need to create a folder as well, my desktop to make that the default. Not on your desktop. Don't recreate the bad default
Oh, that's dope. Okay. I have finally have one pass set up. Okay. So now that that's done. I have the us code. I got my terminal up. I know we need to create a folder as well, my desktop to make that the default. Not on your desktop. Don't recreate the bad default I've already been telling you to change. Why do you think I mean I like double checked with you beforehand. So this is so before we do that, though, we should figure out the actually. Let's do this. So make a directory right here. That is one word code all over case
I've already been telling you to change. Why do you think I mean I like double checked with you beforehand. So this is so before we do that, though, we should figure out the actually. Let's do this. So make a directory right here. That is one word code all over case I want to man for creating a director MKDIR. Make there. You're making a directory. And just code one word all over case. Okay. Enter. Now every time you open your terminal, you will type CD code and you'll be there
I want to man for creating a director MKDIR. Make there. You're making a directory. And just code one word all over case. Okay. Enter. Now every time you open your terminal, you will type CD code and you'll be there You won't do CD desktop CD code folder with capital C capital F and a dash in between. If y'all couldn't tell, I've been frustrated and Anthony was my street. But now you're going to understand why now and every time you're going to open your terminal, you're going to thank me
You won't do CD desktop CD code folder with capital C capital F and a dash in between. If y'all couldn't tell, I've been frustrated and Anthony was my street. But now you're going to understand why now and every time you're going to open your terminal, you're going to thank me I'm going to go to the end of the day and then just delete it off your computer. Like I don't keep any projects on my computer because that all lose work and do stupid stuff with it. So I always pushed up to get repo
I'm going to go to the end of the day and then just delete it off your computer. Like I don't keep any projects on my computer because that all lose work and do stupid stuff with it. So I always pushed up to get repo I don't keep any projects on my computer because that all lose work and do stupid stuff with it. So I always pushed up to get repo. Straight up delete the repo and then I want to work it on again. I clone it down again and then work on it. Yeah
I don't keep any projects on my computer because that all lose work and do stupid stuff with it. So I always pushed up to get repo. Straight up delete the repo and then I want to work it on again. I clone it down again and then work on it. Yeah Yeah. Which seems like tedious, but it's like for me, it's infrequent enough and saves me the headache of having a track projects on my computer. So yeah, those also do projects with like 20 environment variables, which would be kind of a different story
Yeah. Which seems like tedious, but it's like for me, it's infrequent enough and saves me the headache of having a track projects on my computer. So yeah, those also do projects with like 20 environment variables, which would be kind of a different story Um, this is also something that I'm going to put it as my best practice written down. What's the best practice that you're writing down? The upload get to get hub upload your repo. Right. And that's one of the things I may have shown you how to do. Yay
Um, this is also something that I'm going to put it as my best practice written down. What's the best practice that you're writing down? The upload get to get hub upload your repo. Right. And that's one of the things I may have shown you how to do. Yay Yay. These are things that I definitely have not been doing. And I'm kind of sad because I just realized that I never went back and. I think uploaded to them that I actually showed it's kept. But that's okay. Yeah, I ended up not having actually
Yay. These are things that I definitely have not been doing. And I'm kind of sad because I just realized that I never went back and. I think uploaded to them that I actually showed it's kept. But that's okay. Yeah, I ended up not having actually No, I still have my land of stuff, but I kept it all hidden away and it's not public. But for the most part, like once you become intentional about using a get repo, you'll like think more about like when a project is actually like in a state where it can be pushed to a get repo
No, I still have my land of stuff, but I kept it all hidden away and it's not public. But for the most part, like once you become intentional about using a get repo, you'll like think more about like when a project is actually like in a state where it can be pushed to a get repo So yeah, it's a good thing to do. And then you'll just start to like have a collection because also you're going to have a repo for a lot of episodes
So yeah, it's a good thing to do. And then you'll just start to like have a collection because also you're going to have a repo for a lot of episodes So you can have like what Ben does for semantics is every episode has his own page on the semantics website that has links all the stuff they do that includes the repo. And if they built a thing. And so that's also really useful
So you can have like what Ben does for semantics is every episode has his own page on the semantics website that has links all the stuff they do that includes the repo. And if they built a thing. And so that's also really useful Yeah, I'm still trying to get used to like balancing all of that to you. So yay for best practices for everybody else. All right. What are we doing now? I guess. Okay. So now go into your code folder. Okay. And then pull up that just. Ding, ding, ding, ding. Do once somewhere
Yeah, I'm still trying to get used to like balancing all of that to you. So yay for best practices for everybody else. All right. What are we doing now? I guess. Okay. So now go into your code folder. Okay. And then pull up that just. Ding, ding, ding, ding. Do once somewhere Do once somewhere. So to do this and I haven't done this very much. So that's going to be like the hard thing to remember to you is what? So bump it up like to. And then also shrink it in. So it's not taking up your whole monitor
Do once somewhere. So to do this and I haven't done this very much. So that's going to be like the hard thing to remember to you is what? So bump it up like to. And then also shrink it in. So it's not taking up your whole monitor You're gonna want to kind of keep this on the side while your other stuff is happening
You're gonna want to kind of keep this on the side while your other stuff is happening So it can be like maybe just like 30% of the screen Sure, it's good and then I would do the The terminal kind of up to the very top left and take up like a 20% or so and then your code that it takes up the rest Yeah, it's drinker terminal down a bit from height wise, you know, you know Create any more space to kind of see code usually I think this is like What everybody would be a lot happier with for you could probably bump up the gist another one And so you see here I have an outline for you So if you clicking these links will send you to that part, but don't do that yet Let's just look at the outline So there's gonna be set up scripts to like install stuff and those are gonna be first home brew Which is the thing that let you install most of the other things and then a couple of these like JavaScript CLI things You've already used mpm and you've already used yarn
So it can be like maybe just like 30% of the screen Sure, it's good and then I would do the The terminal kind of up to the very top left and take up like a 20% or so and then your code that it takes up the rest Yeah, it's drinker terminal down a bit from height wise, you know, you know Create any more space to kind of see code usually I think this is like What everybody would be a lot happier with for you could probably bump up the gist another one And so you see here I have an outline for you So if you clicking these links will send you to that part, but don't do that yet Let's just look at the outline So there's gonna be set up scripts to like install stuff and those are gonna be first home brew Which is the thing that let you install most of the other things and then a couple of these like JavaScript CLI things You've already used mpm and you've already used yarn There's another one pnpm Which you may encounter at some point so I'm just gonna Put it on your computer
There's another one pnpm Which you may encounter at some point so I'm just gonna Put it on your computer It's not gonna break anything or do anything if you don't use it Thank you And then we'll install the GitHub CLI Um, that's like really useful for as you see like when you do get now you do like get in it and you create the repo and all stuff And then you go to github
It's not gonna break anything or do anything if you don't use it Thank you And then we'll install the GitHub CLI Um, that's like really useful for as you see like when you do get now you do like get in it and you create the repo and all stuff And then you go to githubcom create a repo and then do this whole dance retry and fair It actually get up on like you've done that a couple times now, right Yeah, and everyone does because because the GitHub CLI didn't even exist until like two years ago So they're like wait, so now there's a single command you can run that will do the entire thing all at once Oh, okay cool
com create a repo and then do this whole dance retry and fair It actually get up on like you've done that a couple times now, right Yeah, and everyone does because because the GitHub CLI didn't even exist until like two years ago So they're like wait, so now there's a single command you can run that will do the entire thing all at once Oh, okay cool Yeah, and then there's I'm gonna give you the railway CLI Because it's like the dopest deployment platform ever and it'll be a way for you to run Containers, node servers, postgres databases, other kinds of databases like you're gonna encounter many projects throughout your Tire career that are gonna be real oil be useful for And then fly which we won't actually do anything with today
Yeah, and then there's I'm gonna give you the railway CLI Because it's like the dopest deployment platform ever and it'll be a way for you to run Containers, node servers, postgres databases, other kinds of databases like you're gonna encounter many projects throughout your Tire career that are gonna be real oil be useful for And then fly which we won't actually do anything with today That's another one might be worth learning kind of down the line Okay That's pretty much it and then two kind of like small utilities I like one is HTTP stat which lets you run Basically like a request for a website and then it gives you like the times of like when you do like when you do your dev tools And you're like looking at how long it takes for websites like load and show up and that kind of stuff right It gives you kind of a nice clean visualization of that And so that's a good one and then tree which allows you to just write the tree command and prints out the directory structure of your your projects that you're in
That's another one might be worth learning kind of down the line Okay That's pretty much it and then two kind of like small utilities I like one is HTTP stat which lets you run Basically like a request for a website and then it gives you like the times of like when you do like when you do your dev tools And you're like looking at how long it takes for websites like load and show up and that kind of stuff right It gives you kind of a nice clean visualization of that And so that's a good one and then tree which allows you to just write the tree command and prints out the directory structure of your your projects that you're in Oh, that's cool Yeah dope okay so to Do this though. I'm gonna And now I'm just gonna click through this. I'm not gonna create the just into my own yet. Don't do it yet. Yeah. Yeah We'll do that at the very end
Oh, that's cool Yeah dope okay so to Do this though. I'm gonna And now I'm just gonna click through this. I'm not gonna create the just into my own yet. Don't do it yet. Yeah. Yeah We'll do that at the very end Yeah, set up scripts Yay, you're gonna have to kind of copy that whole first line and nothing else there Because there's there's three commands here and you got run image one actually the other Hmm, so this is running the The install script for home brew and make sure it doesn't show
Yeah, set up scripts Yay, you're gonna have to kind of copy that whole first line and nothing else there Because there's there's three commands here and you got run image one actually the other Hmm, so this is running the The install script for home brew and make sure it doesn't show I don't think it will but you know just a yeah, that should be fine Okay Done Oh, that's great enter
I don't think it will but you know just a yeah, that should be fine Okay Done Oh, that's great enter Yeah And this might take a second So go ahead just copy the middle one I can kind of tell you what's what's happening with that I just scroll over a little bit so people wouldn't see it Yeah So this one this is Setting your port I think My So Just so everybody knows like Anthony had me install a lot of this be for My first live stream like he just sent me these and he was like just go install these And I was like, I don't even know what these are So I like that we're like finally talking about what I was good because if I tried to explain this stuff to you at the time though It would you had no contacts saying you would have been more confused Yes, yes, definitely definitely Yeah, because what this is also doing right now is this downloading has yet says downloading command line tools for X code So this is like and this is why if you check it might just if you scroll the very top of the gist Where there's the title of the gist I'm very specific here with this title because this is very important information All of these things and whether they're going to work or not has to do with the fact that I'm on one of macOS Two I'm on a specific version monitor monitor a and three it's an m1 chip So it's a new chip that a lot of like some things just break for break because it's so new Do you think it's backwards compatible
Yeah And this might take a second So go ahead just copy the middle one I can kind of tell you what's what's happening with that I just scroll over a little bit so people wouldn't see it Yeah So this one this is Setting your port I think My So Just so everybody knows like Anthony had me install a lot of this be for My first live stream like he just sent me these and he was like just go install these And I was like, I don't even know what these are So I like that we're like finally talking about what I was good because if I tried to explain this stuff to you at the time though It would you had no contacts saying you would have been more confused Yes, yes, definitely definitely Yeah, because what this is also doing right now is this downloading has yet says downloading command line tools for X code So this is like and this is why if you check it might just if you scroll the very top of the gist Where there's the title of the gist I'm very specific here with this title because this is very important information All of these things and whether they're going to work or not has to do with the fact that I'm on one of macOS Two I'm on a specific version monitor monitor a and three it's an m1 chip So it's a new chip that a lot of like some things just break for break because it's so new Do you think it's backwards compatible What do you mean? If it's the old chip Are you so you're on a non-m1 computer? I'm assuming yeah For now and what we're doing it shouldn't matter it would matter more if we were doing Docker We're not yeah because it is something that I'm on the intel
What do you mean? If it's the old chip Are you so you're on a non-m1 computer? I'm assuming yeah For now and what we're doing it shouldn't matter it would matter more if we were doing Docker We're not yeah because it is something that I'm on the intel All right. Nothing
All right. Nothing I'm doing should be specific to to that specifically It's the only times I really see it become a problem as like I said with Docker because Docker builds Binary's based on your operating system So they had to basically rebuild everything to work with the new chip and so stuff like a frisima Will break and just like Docker itself like you need to use this like build x command and pass in like an extra variable To tell it which our architecture you're on so it's just It's just another thing to have to worry about But if you are someone with an m1 you get to like Qa everyone's tool make sure it works on m1 and then let them know when things break because that's kind of fun um So you're actually the first one I've really heard that uses windows almost everyone else There's more of them than you think there's just uh there more of a silent majority in type Oh like almost everybody's been like oh yeah, I have a mac too and I'm like okay because you talked to a lot of successful and well-paid developers There's selection bias here because with windows issues is cheaper and so a lot of people are just gonna buy windows computer automatically Sam less money, you know and It has been like a dev thing forever like windows and DOS going back decades So it makes sense the problem is so many like you were saying so many people who do like dev realm kind of stuff like we all have Like apples there are people who are on certain like if you have an open source project There's 10 people on the team and all 10 of them have max No one will know if things break on windows until a user who's not on the team uses it all windows and says hey, why is this broken on windows like well we didn't test it on windows Yeah, that makes sense and uh Windows is fine either one install WSL or two window that's windows system or sub system linux Uh WSL 2 and install stuff with Windows sub system for Linux, you know Wig when get when get i was trying to say like when et Yes, so when get let's see that's a windows package manager
I'm doing should be specific to to that specifically It's the only times I really see it become a problem as like I said with Docker because Docker builds Binary's based on your operating system So they had to basically rebuild everything to work with the new chip and so stuff like a frisima Will break and just like Docker itself like you need to use this like build x command and pass in like an extra variable To tell it which our architecture you're on so it's just It's just another thing to have to worry about But if you are someone with an m1 you get to like Qa everyone's tool make sure it works on m1 and then let them know when things break because that's kind of fun um So you're actually the first one I've really heard that uses windows almost everyone else There's more of them than you think there's just uh there more of a silent majority in type Oh like almost everybody's been like oh yeah, I have a mac too and I'm like okay because you talked to a lot of successful and well-paid developers There's selection bias here because with windows issues is cheaper and so a lot of people are just gonna buy windows computer automatically Sam less money, you know and It has been like a dev thing forever like windows and DOS going back decades So it makes sense the problem is so many like you were saying so many people who do like dev realm kind of stuff like we all have Like apples there are people who are on certain like if you have an open source project There's 10 people on the team and all 10 of them have max No one will know if things break on windows until a user who's not on the team uses it all windows and says hey, why is this broken on windows like well we didn't test it on windows Yeah, that makes sense and uh Windows is fine either one install WSL or two window that's windows system or sub system linux Uh WSL 2 and install stuff with Windows sub system for Linux, you know Wig when get when get i was trying to say like when et Yes, so when get let's see that's a windows package manager So that's i would assume fairly similar to what you're doing right now with home Homebrew is a macOS package manager Oh look at that
So that's i would assume fairly similar to what you're doing right now with home Homebrew is a macOS package manager Oh look at that That's what they keep saying right now So I do have like it just a random curiosity question for everybody while this is installing of A do drink coffee because I only started drinking coffee again like a month ago because coffee used to make me so sick to my stomach I couldn't drink it and now I can drink it again
That's what they keep saying right now So I do have like it just a random curiosity question for everybody while this is installing of A do drink coffee because I only started drinking coffee again like a month ago because coffee used to make me so sick to my stomach I couldn't drink it and now I can drink it again I've ever tried caffeine pills Yes, yes And uh Oh well that works And if you drink coffee, what do you put in it
I've ever tried caffeine pills Yes, yes And uh Oh well that works And if you drink coffee, what do you put in it One cream no sugar Okay Okay, I put um Dandy blend and cacao powder in my cow That's not like something other gen Or your other gen I guess but uh I think your gen your gen would yes Your gen Indeed, okay, this is still downloading are you sure he like double check and try and scroll down make sure Yeah, I guess X goes Takes a very long time
One cream no sugar Okay Okay, I put um Dandy blend and cacao powder in my cow That's not like something other gen Or your other gen I guess but uh I think your gen your gen would yes Your gen Indeed, okay, this is still downloading are you sure he like double check and try and scroll down make sure Yeah, I guess X goes Takes a very long time Um, so let's cut we could do some other stuff in the meantime. Let's scroll down to the let's go to the big GitHub one Right there
Um, so let's cut we could do some other stuff in the meantime. Let's scroll down to the let's go to the big GitHub one Right there He's skull past it Yeah, so create and push a public GitHub repo so he was human actually and then just open your thing up so people can kind of see it Well, this is still installing Wait, what? Yeah, exactly
He's skull past it Yeah, so create and push a public GitHub repo so he was human actually and then just open your thing up so people can kind of see it Well, this is still installing Wait, what? Yeah, exactly Yeah, so I want to talk through this because there's the thing I'm doing a lot of stuff in that GitHub There's a single GitHub CLI command happening here, but I'm passing it like six flags So it does all the things I want to do this is like this is my proudest moment writing a command that did exactly what I wanted to do So if you look at GH repo create so that's like the base part that you're saying I'm going to create a repo and then you give a name So you could just do that you wouldn't need to do anything else in this command and then it would kind of walk you through questions So do you want it to be public
Yeah, so I want to talk through this because there's the thing I'm doing a lot of stuff in that GitHub There's a single GitHub CLI command happening here, but I'm passing it like six flags So it does all the things I want to do this is like this is my proudest moment writing a command that did exactly what I wanted to do So if you look at GH repo create so that's like the base part that you're saying I'm going to create a repo and then you give a name So you could just do that you wouldn't need to do anything else in this command and then it would kind of walk you through questions So do you want it to be public Do you want the source to be your current project? Do you want to set a description for it? Do you want to set the remote and then do you want to push it
Do you want the source to be your current project? Do you want to set a description for it? Do you want to set the remote and then do you want to push it So you could answer those five questions Or you can already know ahead of time what the answer of those questions are going to be Fill it in and run this one command to basically create it Uh set the remote create a description and then push it all at the same time
So you could answer those five questions Or you can already know ahead of time what the answer of those questions are going to be Fill it in and run this one command to basically create it Uh set the remote create a description and then push it all at the same time Okay. So does that make any sense at all? yee I think where I'm lost is So when this is done, it's gonna So it'll spit out a link for you that is github.com for slash Gen
Okay. So does that make any sense at all? yee I think where I'm lost is So when this is done, it's gonna So it'll spit out a link for you that is github.com for slash Gen Genod forward slash github Dash CLI dash example because that's the name you gave it So since you're giving it a name, you already know what the URL is gonna be it'll spit it out for you anyway in the terminals You just click it But you can know ahead of time actually it's always just gonna be your user name forward slash the name of the repo And you're creating the repo the first thing you do is you give it a name
Genod forward slash github Dash CLI dash example because that's the name you gave it So since you're giving it a name, you already know what the URL is gonna be it'll spit it out for you anyway in the terminals You just click it But you can know ahead of time actually it's always just gonna be your user name forward slash the name of the repo And you're creating the repo the first thing you do is you give it a name So that's the URL Oh That's cool and I also use that as the name of The project on my computer the name of the repo the URL and then the URL for the subdomain on netlifier or sell what I deploy it So there's a consistency across those three things and I don't confuse myself by having three slightly different names for everything That's the other thing is I really do want to name everything like you know X person is cool, but I do need to start naming them the actual project You could put the name and the topic Oh Question for you Anthony how do you back date on get up
So that's the URL Oh That's cool and I also use that as the name of The project on my computer the name of the repo the URL and then the URL for the subdomain on netlifier or sell what I deploy it So there's a consistency across those three things and I don't confuse myself by having three slightly different names for everything That's the other thing is I really do want to name everything like you know X person is cool, but I do need to start naming them the actual project You could put the name and the topic Oh Question for you Anthony how do you back date on get up I mean you shouldn't for the most part of that ideally if you use like Get and get up the way they're intended you're always just saving history and not like rewriting history So if that's what you mean by back date like how do you like change dates on stuff or maybe put things That weren't originally on get hub, but we're in like a get repo Okay, saying much more way saying saying yeah, too So um, I do not mess around with like rewriting get history and so like that is the thing you can do and like Technically anything you see in a get repo that the history and the commits could all be entirely made up There's nothing stopping you from just like writing whatever you want and just text files But for the most part And especially if you're using like get hub and you're authenticating with the CLI there's like You have like authentication associated with every commit so that's stuff for you kind of just wanted to just like just get into your workflow If get romantic changing history is considered a forbidden spell That's a very good way to put it
I mean you shouldn't for the most part of that ideally if you use like Get and get up the way they're intended you're always just saving history and not like rewriting history So if that's what you mean by back date like how do you like change dates on stuff or maybe put things That weren't originally on get hub, but we're in like a get repo Okay, saying much more way saying saying yeah, too So um, I do not mess around with like rewriting get history and so like that is the thing you can do and like Technically anything you see in a get repo that the history and the commits could all be entirely made up There's nothing stopping you from just like writing whatever you want and just text files But for the most part And especially if you're using like get hub and you're authenticating with the CLI there's like You have like authentication associated with every commit so that's stuff for you kind of just wanted to just like just get into your workflow If get romantic changing history is considered a forbidden spell That's a very good way to put it Yeah, yeah, you can do it. You probably shouldn't so just make sure you have a really good reason to do it Yay Let's see if I can actually find the command on that so it would be Um, here's a stack overflow For you get commit amend no edit date bam
Yeah, yeah, you can do it. You probably shouldn't so just make sure you have a really good reason to do it Yay Let's see if I can actually find the command on that so it would be Um, here's a stack overflow For you get commit amend no edit date bam Why don't post that in the chat I think that is what you're getting at Okay, um, it looks like it's still going Still downloading This is also because you're you're streaming actually when you're streaming you download way slower, but um This is okay, um, so let's go back to this show in a bit of what he just Post what you just posted
Why don't post that in the chat I think that is what you're getting at Okay, um, it looks like it's still going Still downloading This is also because you're you're streaming actually when you're streaming you download way slower, but um This is okay, um, so let's go back to this show in a bit of what he just Post what you just posted Yeah, whoever I'm talking to that So we we can start making this project and go all the way up to the get hub command at this point Okay Nikki is actually you should show Nikki's link up on the screen So I need a chat overlay Yeah Probably Yeah, I mean lots of people need chat overlay so but um what I do is I actually open the twitch chat while I'm screen sharing and then have it in the corner So it's just It's like having a chat overlay, but it's just like a browser window so it looks tacky, but the chat is there, you know Oh Interesting I really do so do you know how and twitch you can do forward slash chat after someone's name to just get the chat pop out Oh now yes, let me this is really useful knowledge to have about twitch So I'm gonna drop this in where I am very meta So if you follow that link you will get to the chat and just the chat So then you could bring that you could bring that onto your screen now if you wanted um yeah Yeah Okay hold on Especially people dropping links and stuff it's good when people are watching these things back to be able to actually reference what's happening Oh, this is happiness Yeah, I want to make it a lot bigger I'm getting there I'm getting there Please stand by Yeah, and what I usually do is then I would have that be like the bottom right and then the gist would be most of the top so It which ones on top of bottom isn't particularly important All the fancy things all the fancy things Well, this is just me trying to figure out what I do this and like without having to actually build a chat overlay and maintain that and like work it in because it's not straightforward at all with stream yard or even possible as far as I know I want to get rid of these Oh um Yeah, go to kick the back button
Yeah, whoever I'm talking to that So we we can start making this project and go all the way up to the get hub command at this point Okay Nikki is actually you should show Nikki's link up on the screen So I need a chat overlay Yeah Probably Yeah, I mean lots of people need chat overlay so but um what I do is I actually open the twitch chat while I'm screen sharing and then have it in the corner So it's just It's like having a chat overlay, but it's just like a browser window so it looks tacky, but the chat is there, you know Oh Interesting I really do so do you know how and twitch you can do forward slash chat after someone's name to just get the chat pop out Oh now yes, let me this is really useful knowledge to have about twitch So I'm gonna drop this in where I am very meta So if you follow that link you will get to the chat and just the chat So then you could bring that you could bring that onto your screen now if you wanted um yeah Yeah Okay hold on Especially people dropping links and stuff it's good when people are watching these things back to be able to actually reference what's happening Oh, this is happiness Yeah, I want to make it a lot bigger I'm getting there I'm getting there Please stand by Yeah, and what I usually do is then I would have that be like the bottom right and then the gist would be most of the top so It which ones on top of bottom isn't particularly important All the fancy things all the fancy things Well, this is just me trying to figure out what I do this and like without having to actually build a chat overlay and maintain that and like work it in because it's not straightforward at all with stream yard or even possible as far as I know I want to get rid of these Oh um Yeah, go to kick the back button I think you're looking at your your gifts right now. Yeah, no like again, so you can kind of see what's happening Yeah, I did It's just not going away. Okay, well try refreshing There you go Okay, no see it comes back to this is what you can do is what you do okay Scroll your thing up
I think you're looking at your your gifts right now. Yeah, no like again, so you can kind of see what's happening Yeah, I did It's just not going away. Okay, well try refreshing There you go Okay, no see it comes back to this is what you can do is what you do okay Scroll your thing up You open the window up, but then just have the browser above it covered
You open the window up, but then just have the browser above it covered Oh see Bam their windows you can do anything you want with them and you put them anywhere on your screen any combination All right, so we got the hello from the streams and Uh, what's the point of deleting stuff? Oh got the big brain going um Just started using let me go back to the first one now
Oh see Bam their windows you can do anything you want with them and you put them anywhere on your screen any combination All right, so we got the hello from the streams and Uh, what's the point of deleting stuff? Oh got the big brain going um Just started using let me go back to the first one now I got too many going on uh That's the point where I go deleting stuff and dev tools does that work
I got too many going on uh That's the point where I go deleting stuff and dev tools does that work I've never thought to delete anything if he if he means chrome dev tools Yeah, oh, I think that he means just take it killer from the DOM uh, and then uh I'm curious then for this this person just let this comment um Zergling soup
I've never thought to delete anything if he if he means chrome dev tools Yeah, oh, I think that he means just take it killer from the DOM uh, and then uh I'm curious then for this this person just let this comment um Zergling soup It's not a play starcraft um Were you using another editor previously or is this just like the first time you're using a code editor? Um, I'm giggling at the fact if you were using brackets because You missed it
It's not a play starcraft um Were you using another editor previously or is this just like the first time you're using a code editor? Um, I'm giggling at the fact if you were using brackets because You missed it I have been called out many times that my default coder was brackets on my machine Well, it's just like no one uses I don't even Not sure what it's uh, I think it's I don't know. I have no idea Yeah, I know
I have been called out many times that my default coder was brackets on my machine Well, it's just like no one uses I don't even Not sure what it's uh, I think it's I don't know. I have no idea Yeah, I know So when it comes to editors there is you have 90 to 99% of developers use VS code now Yeah, like 1% who use web storm and will like emphatically tell you Or I'm organized better and they don't manage to convince many people as far as I can tell and then some people who use Vim but you can use you can do vim stuff You can configure VS code to be like vim so a lot of people they're still just even if they use vim They'll set up VS code so it's like they're using vim and they kind of like emulate it So that's like very very few people do anything except VS code Yeah, I think that's gonna be the case necessarily forever because it's still pretty new and yeah always new things coming out And we got uh Okay, cool
So when it comes to editors there is you have 90 to 99% of developers use VS code now Yeah, like 1% who use web storm and will like emphatically tell you Or I'm organized better and they don't manage to convince many people as far as I can tell and then some people who use Vim but you can use you can do vim stuff You can configure VS code to be like vim so a lot of people they're still just even if they use vim They'll set up VS code so it's like they're using vim and they kind of like emulate it So that's like very very few people do anything except VS code Yeah, I think that's gonna be the case necessarily forever because it's still pretty new and yeah always new things coming out And we got uh Okay, cool Yeah, they said they used pie charm. I used pie charm once or twice I tried to learn python before I learned javascript actually, but it didn't go very well join on every other monday So this coming monday I am learning python
Yeah, they said they used pie charm. I used pie charm once or twice I tried to learn python before I learned javascript actually, but it didn't go very well join on every other monday So this coming monday I am learning python Oh yeah Yeah, I thought it's fun It is pretty interesting um and I feel like Y'all we only have 10 minutes left I'm really sad because this is like the one day I actually like have to end my stream like Have to end my stream on time um Okay, let's do this
Oh yeah Yeah, I thought it's fun It is pretty interesting um and I feel like Y'all we only have 10 minutes left I'm really sad because this is like the one day I actually like have to end my stream like Have to end my stream on time um Okay, let's do this Let's stop talking open go back to your terminal and open us do command tab to command t I mean I was just gonna say um Command tab sorry, no command t. I meant um You should just come back on on Tuesday just saying Yeah, we'll see how far we get through this. This is the important one
Let's stop talking open go back to your terminal and open us do command tab to command t I mean I was just gonna say um Command tab sorry, no command t. I meant um You should just come back on on Tuesday just saying Yeah, we'll see how far we get through this. This is the important one They're in the rush So go back to the get repo just and uh start to close those up a little bit so they're both So they're not overlapping on each other Yeah, and so you're in your code folder you're good to go this is the area of your first project and your code folder So follow along with those so you create a directory and then go into it Yeah, the dictionary pop up thing is not super tight Uh, I just want to turn you off turn off turn off Oh, grammarly I see you know grammarly is really helpful for all of my articles and tweets It is not helpful for this
They're in the rush So go back to the get repo just and uh start to close those up a little bit so they're both So they're not overlapping on each other Yeah, and so you're in your code folder you're good to go this is the area of your first project and your code folder So follow along with those so you create a directory and then go into it Yeah, the dictionary pop up thing is not super tight Uh, I just want to turn you off turn off turn off Oh, grammarly I see you know grammarly is really helpful for all of my articles and tweets It is not helpful for this Yeah, grammarly is is I think an awesome tool
Yeah, grammarly is is I think an awesome tool I imagine there's going to be a lot of Writing helping like tools in many different ways Okay, so then now this command is just gonna create or read me a dot MD file with a single h1 that says get up CLI sales this commands a little complicated actually so echo will take whatever is inside those parentheses and then add it to a file called read me dot MD Hmm So now if you go so open this project now or actually now we need to do the code period thing Well We can't work that it takes just two seconds
I imagine there's going to be a lot of Writing helping like tools in many different ways Okay, so then now this command is just gonna create or read me a dot MD file with a single h1 that says get up CLI sales this commands a little complicated actually so echo will take whatever is inside those parentheses and then add it to a file called read me dot MD Hmm So now if you go so open this project now or actually now we need to do the code period thing Well We can't work that it takes just two seconds Let's So yeah Well, I Yeah, those those not gonna work so go to we look it up again real quick. It's command shift p I mean, it's so many times they had done so many times
Let's So yeah Well, I Yeah, those those not gonna work so go to we look it up again real quick. It's command shift p I mean, it's so many times they had done so many times It's so many times Uh, I don't remember which one it's called Hold on Um, so y'all just as like an update my terminal would not open up the project in vscode Even though it was activated I kept having to go back in vscode and activate it each time beforehand So that's why I remembered but Cool thing about vscode is it remembers what you last used So that's why I was like oh you're gonna type shell and hit enter Okay We're gonna see It'll probably work now like we just won't Huh, okay go go for it see what happens I don't think there's no Um now it's gonna have the same problem it did last time work It's not gonna work if we close everything down But let's not worry about that now let's keep going
It's so many times Uh, I don't remember which one it's called Hold on Um, so y'all just as like an update my terminal would not open up the project in vscode Even though it was activated I kept having to go back in vscode and activate it each time beforehand So that's why I remembered but Cool thing about vscode is it remembers what you last used So that's why I was like oh you're gonna type shell and hit enter Okay We're gonna see It'll probably work now like we just won't Huh, okay go go for it see what happens I don't think there's no Um now it's gonna have the same problem it did last time work It's not gonna work if we close everything down But let's not worry about that now let's keep going Yeah, I was gonna say we'll try it next time we'll find out Ah Yes, I trust yes, random No, that's good. So did you yeah, no I said yes, I said yes, but did you check the box? Yes, well, I think I did Like I was a little like okay, so now you can actually Go look at the readme
Yeah, I was gonna say we'll try it next time we'll find out Ah Yes, I trust yes, random No, that's good. So did you yeah, no I said yes, I said yes, but did you check the box? Yes, well, I think I did Like I was a little like okay, so now you can actually Go look at the readmemd file And then so that's your h1 Um I'm not entirely sure Nikki I try not to mess too much with zish and bash config files and profile files So not super hip to all of that but um it's doing something I hit let me drop this this is where I go
md file And then so that's your h1 Um I'm not entirely sure Nikki I try not to mess too much with zish and bash config files and profile files So not super hip to all of that but um it's doing something I hit let me drop this this is where I go I'm also laughing Anthony has literally been there seems some really random shit Um, so I went into bash commands and broke Broke it I completely broke it that I was doing a like live stream by myself Anthony had to come on to help me figure it out
I'm also laughing Anthony has literally been there seems some really random shit Um, so I went into bash commands and broke Broke it I completely broke it that I was doing a like live stream by myself Anthony had to come on to help me figure it out So I think this is technically your fourth time hanging out because That's three and a half okay, let's let's three and a half okay, okay, okay, and it get At command Then you also know how to actually see a rent markdown file in VS code So on the readme where it says readme
So I think this is technically your fourth time hanging out because That's three and a half okay, let's let's three and a half okay, okay, okay, and it get At command Then you also know how to actually see a rent markdown file in VS code So on the readme where it says readmemd to the right There's like the two panels with like the magnifying glass at the bottom Yeah, that one click that fam Yay, so if you're writing a markdown file you can see what the markdown is actually a look like which is Special useful for links and images and syntax codes and tax highlighting and all that kind of stuff
md to the right There's like the two panels with like the magnifying glass at the bottom Yeah, that one click that fam Yay, so if you're writing a markdown file you can see what the markdown is actually a look like which is Special useful for links and images and syntax codes and tax highlighting and all that kind of stuff Oh, god is really cool Okay, yeah, you have an entire markdown editor built into VS code for you Okay, so I got the let's do this also Um, so grab that command get config dash global and it dot default branch
Oh, god is really cool Okay, yeah, you have an entire markdown editor built into VS code for you Okay, so I got the let's do this also Um, so grab that command get config dash global and it dot default branch It's just the thing right in the middle Oh, okay, yeah grab that whole thing It's so sorry starting from get config that's gonna copy paste too much Yeah, and then you're gonna delete name and write main but without the brackets No Yeah, yeah Yeah, so this one will show now that every time you create a new repo is gonna be main automatically Oh sweet
It's just the thing right in the middle Oh, okay, yeah grab that whole thing It's so sorry starting from get config that's gonna copy paste too much Yeah, and then you're gonna delete name and write main but without the brackets No Yeah, yeah Yeah, so this one will show now that every time you create a new repo is gonna be main automatically Oh sweet Yeah, and then now do I do get add Um, just real quick just to make sure do get branch dash m and then main again Make sure there's a space in After so get branch space dash m and then don't don't do it
Yeah, and then now do I do get add Um, just real quick just to make sure do get branch dash m and then main again Make sure there's a space in After so get branch space dash m and then don't don't do it Yeah, I'm not done then main Yeah, there you go wait, okay now you can add and commit And run get status in between so you can see what get status does Yes, or right now it's telling you you've added this file to the staging area and it is ready to be committed So then now you're gonna commit it You're gonna do the thing You know and now run get status again It's an out you see you have a clean branch
Yeah, I'm not done then main Yeah, there you go wait, okay now you can add and commit And run get status in between so you can see what get status does Yes, or right now it's telling you you've added this file to the staging area and it is ready to be committed So then now you're gonna commit it You're gonna do the thing You know and now run get status again It's an out you see you have a clean branch So that's good you you'll want to run get status frequently when you're doing this stuff It or else you'll get confused very easily. Let's see if you're still downloading home brew Oh, it's so close percent It's getting there
So that's good you you'll want to run get status frequently when you're doing this stuff It or else you'll get confused very easily. Let's see if you're still downloading home brew Oh, it's so close percent It's getting there It's getting there All right, and then do I need to do this one Hold on so that's what we need to install but you install it with Okay, there's another way to install it
It's getting there All right, and then do I need to do this one Hold on so that's what we need to install but you install it with Okay, there's another way to install it Okay, so go to CLI dot get hub dot com And then click download for mac I have no idea what this is gonna do but click it and see what happens Do it Uh Okay, cool
Okay, so go to CLI dot get hub dot com And then click download for mac I have no idea what this is gonna do but click it and see what happens Do it Uh Okay, cool Yeah, so it's just like yes, I was afraid it was gonna do Okay, so we basically have to wait for this to do the next step and Well, there's another way we could possibly do it
Yeah, so it's just like yes, I was afraid it was gonna do Okay, so we basically have to wait for this to do the next step and Well, there's another way we could possibly do it Let's try them So we have like three minutes so last thing last all right all right pseudo um Yeah, pseudo and then port How do you is this how you spell pseudo? I just let me uh drop it in Like I feel like there's it's a win
Let's try them So we have like three minutes so last thing last all right all right pseudo um Yeah, pseudo and then port How do you is this how you spell pseudo? I just let me uh drop it in Like I feel like there's it's a win Okay, pseudo port install gh I I'm gonna have to show you how to on a solace and install with home brew later, but this will This is good enough man not found Uh, let me chip on to download mac ports. I never use mac ports
Okay, pseudo port install gh I I'm gonna have to show you how to on a solace and install with home brew later, but this will This is good enough man not found Uh, let me chip on to download mac ports. I never use mac ports So I Thought I might have been built in but it's not I will pause here because I feel like This is gonna be the best spot To leave it at especially with this still Installing and everything
So I Thought I might have been built in but it's not I will pause here because I feel like This is gonna be the best spot To leave it at especially with this still Installing and everything Yeah, so we so we essentially didn't do anything in the gist so yeah, we'll help him to do another episode It's fun. It's fun
Yeah, so we so we essentially didn't do anything in the gist so yeah, we'll help him to do another episode It's fun. It's fun We'll just redo stuff in Well, we talked about all the things we're gonna do so hopefully that was you did talk about all the things I think and the GitHub part all you have to do is once you install you'll run literally brew install gh So all you gotta do then you'll have it then you'll run that github create repo command Yeah, I'll do the entire thing for you
We'll just redo stuff in Well, we talked about all the things we're gonna do so hopefully that was you did talk about all the things I think and the GitHub part all you have to do is once you install you'll run literally brew install gh So all you gotta do then you'll have it then you'll run that github create repo command Yeah, I'll do the entire thing for you It's a full proof command. You can't mess it up All right, all right cool
It's a full proof command. You can't mess it up All right, all right cool Well, thank you everyone for joining today and all the ideas and examples and All the things all the things so many things um, so thank you once again and we will see you next week and convince Anthony to come in on Tuesday That's what I'm working on So thank you everyone Bye
Well, thank you everyone for joining today and all the ideas and examples and All the things all the things so many things um, so thank you once again and we will see you next week and convince Anthony to come in on Tuesday That's what I'm working on So thank you everyone Bye