Hello, hello beautiful humans. Welcome back to Teach Gen Tech. Another episode about Python, which I am excited, except I did a hard reset last week on my laptop because it was being super goofy. So we get, you know, Laura gets to deal with new extra things that we get to set up today And Laura, please introduce yourself. Hello, I am Laura. I am a technical writer at suborbital software systems. And I before that was thinking I was going to be a data scientist. And so I did a bunch of learning of Python. And so here we are to teach the Python
And Laura, please introduce yourself. Hello, I am Laura. I am a technical writer at suborbital software systems. And I before that was thinking I was going to be a data scientist. And so I did a bunch of learning of Python. And so here we are to teach the Python Before that, I was also a math professor. And so the teaching and the Python are sort of sort of my comfort zone anyway. So it's nice to spend some time in here. Yes
Before that, I was also a math professor. And so the teaching and the Python are sort of sort of my comfort zone anyway. So it's nice to spend some time in here. Yes Yes. And for all of those that are just checking out this episode, you'll be able to find if you're curious about Python, you will be able to find a playlist on YouTube of laws in my adventures with Python in the fact that once I get that set up, they're all there. I just need to make playlist
Yes. And for all of those that are just checking out this episode, you'll be able to find if you're curious about Python, you will be able to find a playlist on YouTube of laws in my adventures with Python in the fact that once I get that set up, they're all there. I just need to make playlist As Yolk probably tell, I have been a bit baddy lately. And that's okay. Because that's what happens in life goes on. So I am putting we are still going with automate the boring stuff with Python
As Yolk probably tell, I have been a bit baddy lately. And that's okay. Because that's what happens in life goes on. So I am putting we are still going with automate the boring stuff with Python So that I have that in the chat as well as we since I decided that it'd be really cool to delete everything without realizing that I deleted everything. It's like I did, but I didn't realize that I didn't back up certain things. We're also going to set everything up on VS code instead
So that I have that in the chat as well as we since I decided that it'd be really cool to delete everything without realizing that I deleted everything. It's like I did, but I didn't realize that I didn't back up certain things. We're also going to set everything up on VS code instead Yeah, which you know, we were going to do at some point anyway. Yeah. So like this is a feature and not a bug. Yes. Ooh, I like that. I need to start saying things like that because that that does sit home. I say it so much that like my children say it. That is like having this right there
Yeah, which you know, we were going to do at some point anyway. Yeah. So like this is a feature and not a bug. Yes. Ooh, I like that. I need to start saying things like that because that that does sit home. I say it so much that like my children say it. That is like having this right there So when they don't do something, like clean their room, are they like it's a feature, not a bug? Mostly not to like that exit. Mostly it's not like in a cheeky way. That's what I would do to my parents. Yeah. I feel like they're lucky that I I'm also very mischievous
So when they don't do something, like clean their room, are they like it's a feature, not a bug? Mostly not to like that exit. Mostly it's not like in a cheeky way. That's what I would do to my parents. Yeah. I feel like they're lucky that I I'm also very mischievous So I would have found a hilarious. All right. So we need to in this article install Python. And so we found this by just searching for Python VS code, I think. Is that right? Yep. And read through. Okay. Quick install. You use python.org and install the extension of. Oh, yep
So I would have found a hilarious. All right. So we need to in this article install Python. And so we found this by just searching for Python VS code, I think. Is that right? Yep. And read through. Okay. Quick install. You use python.org and install the extension of. Oh, yep Oh, yep. We still have to install Python. So all right. This is where I do that. Big yellow one up at the top. Oh. It just takes an extra pair of eyes sometimes. I find you know how like when some things not working
Oh, yep. We still have to install Python. So all right. This is where I do that. Big yellow one up at the top. Oh. It just takes an extra pair of eyes sometimes. I find you know how like when some things not working You know, and you ask somebody for help and they come over and then they're like, oh, it's this thing. And you're like, oh, okay, right. I swear I have a brain, but anyway. Yeah, that was. So y'all just so you know what I was doing earlier and got stuck on is I was scrolling down
You know, and you ask somebody for help and they come over and then they're like, oh, it's this thing. And you're like, oh, okay, right. I swear I have a brain, but anyway. Yeah, that was. So y'all just so you know what I was doing earlier and got stuck on is I was scrolling down Yeah, it made him way more complicated. All right. So I am going to click on this. I'm guessing. Let's run back to the tutorial and make sure that there's not some kind of weird for quick install. Okay. You can install the extension. Okay. So continue, continue
Yeah, it made him way more complicated. All right. So I am going to click on this. I'm guessing. Let's run back to the tutorial and make sure that there's not some kind of weird for quick install. Okay. You can install the extension. Okay. So continue, continue I feel like this is so much easier than some of the other languages I've installed. Really? Maybe. I think so. I think because I normally do them from like our first session that we talked about, I was doing them through terminal and like NPM install instead of you know, pip install. There we go
I feel like this is so much easier than some of the other languages I've installed. Really? Maybe. I think so. I think because I normally do them from like our first session that we talked about, I was doing them through terminal and like NPM install instead of you know, pip install. There we go There we go. And what about me? Glad to see you today. And look, there's our friend, Idol. Yes. Yes. The Idol. Okay. We can, I don't know what we're doing here. So I have to install Idol, right? Let's just let's look back at the installer. So it's installing. It's done. Okay. And we can close
There we go. And what about me? Glad to see you today. And look, there's our friend, Idol. Yes. Yes. The Idol. Okay. We can, I don't know what we're doing here. So I have to install Idol, right? Let's just let's look back at the installer. So it's installing. It's done. Okay. And we can close And we can close. Cool. Okay. And then let's just proceed directly to the plugin for VS code. All right. We're just going to follow the instructions exactly as they're written. I'm glad you're here because I'm not the best at doing that. I like to try to figure it out
And we can close. Cool. Okay. And then let's just proceed directly to the plugin for VS code. All right. We're just going to follow the instructions exactly as they're written. I'm glad you're here because I'm not the best at doing that. I like to try to figure it out If I figure it out great, if I don't figure it out, then I'll go back and read it. I literally write the docs. It's my job. And so, wow. It's definitely something I need to, you know, work on doing. So, okay. We, for quick install, use Python and install extension from the VS code marketplace
If I figure it out great, if I don't figure it out, then I'll go back and read it. I literally write the docs. It's my job. And so, wow. It's definitely something I need to, you know, work on doing. So, okay. We, for quick install, use Python and install extension from the VS code marketplace I'm going to open on it in a new tab. All right. Install. Continue. Open. Okay. Okay. Install. And I still don't have anything like prettier or anything like that. So if we need them, I get to go install them. Sure. All right. Sweet. That's switch to
I'm going to open on it in a new tab. All right. Install. Continue. Open. Okay. Okay. Install. And I still don't have anything like prettier or anything like that. So if we need them, I get to go install them. Sure. All right. Sweet. That's switch to That's switch to. What does that want to do with which to pre release version of this extension? No. No. Why? I don't need bugs or features. I need to learn. All right. So once you've installed it, activate using the Python select interpreter command
That's switch to. What does that want to do with which to pre release version of this extension? No. No. Why? I don't need bugs or features. I need to learn. All right. So once you've installed it, activate using the Python select interpreter command And how do I know if it automatically did it or not? Okay. So let's see. So, Python select interpreter command. Okay. So let's look around at the options in your menu in VS code. Like if we close this extension. Oh, wait. Oh. Oh, do we have Jupyter installed? Oh, maybe it came with Python
And how do I know if it automatically did it or not? Okay. So let's see. So, Python select interpreter command. Okay. So let's look around at the options in your menu in VS code. Like if we close this extension. Oh, wait. Oh. Oh, do we have Jupyter installed? Oh, maybe it came with Python Oh, because they're listed separately. That's interesting. You have all this stuff. Of all this stuff that I didn't. Well, maybe it came with the extension. Maybe they're listed as separate extensions. And so that would be kind of interesting. Okay. So, um, um, yeah, because I haven't done it
Oh, because they're listed separately. That's interesting. You have all this stuff. Of all this stuff that I didn't. Well, maybe it came with the extension. Maybe they're listed as separate extensions. And so that would be kind of interesting. Okay. So, um, um, yeah, because I haven't done it So for, for context for anybody who hasn't, hasn't been with us the last couple of episodes. And it's like, I thought you said you write Python. Why can't you do this? I used a different IDE. I used one that's specifically for Python called PyTherm from JetBrains
So for, for context for anybody who hasn't, hasn't been with us the last couple of episodes. And it's like, I thought you said you write Python. Why can't you do this? I used a different IDE. I used one that's specifically for Python called PyTherm from JetBrains And so I haven't actually done this in VS code before. So this is a learning experience for both of us. And then the last couple times that we did it, it was we did it in Mew. Right. Which was a different editor
And so I haven't actually done this in VS code before. So this is a learning experience for both of us. And then the last couple times that we did it, it was we did it in Mew. Right. Which was a different editor So, um, we're now doing it in VS code, which I'm kind of excited because I use VS code for JavaScript. Yeah. Yeah. Getting you back in your comfort zone. I love it. So, um, okay. So let's try looking at, I just tried to click on the settings cog on your screen. Nice. Nice
So, um, we're now doing it in VS code, which I'm kind of excited because I use VS code for JavaScript. Yeah. Yeah. Getting you back in your comfort zone. I love it. So, um, okay. So let's try looking at, I just tried to click on the settings cog on your screen. Nice. Nice Nice. Nice. Well, you know, I will go there. I will go there. So let's look at settings. Um, do we have like an extension setting? Okay. And let's look at the Python one. Got Jupiter one. Yeah. I think, yeah. Let's do Python. Okay. And then, um, there was a cog. So, okay
Nice. Nice. Well, you know, I will go there. I will go there. So let's look at settings. Um, do we have like an extension setting? Okay. And let's look at the Python one. Got Jupiter one. Yeah. I think, yeah. Let's do Python. Okay. And then, um, there was a cog. So, okay So, okay. Is there an extension? Oh, is that, is there an extension, separate extensions button in VS code? I think maybe it's up a bit. Is it this quickly one or is that branching? This one. Great. That's branching. Okay. So what about the boxes that one with the like box? That's how this came up
So, okay. Is there an extension? Oh, is that, is there an extension, separate extensions button in VS code? I think maybe it's up a bit. Is it this quickly one or is that branching? This one. Great. That's branching. Okay. So what about the boxes that one with the like box? That's how this came up Great. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So let's look at Python in this view. And let's click that little cog and see if that gives us. Oh, really. extension settings. Because I'm wondering is, oh, default interpreter path. We found it. Scroll down. Okay
Great. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So let's look at Python in this view. And let's click that little cog and see if that gives us. Oh, really. extension settings. Because I'm wondering is, oh, default interpreter path. We found it. Scroll down. Okay Scroll down. Okay. So that doesn't look like, it doesn't look like a path because it just says it's just one word, right? But maybe it's secretly a path like it can just use that word like VS code can use this word Python to use it as a path
Scroll down. Okay. So that doesn't look like, it doesn't look like a path because it just says it's just one word, right? But maybe it's secretly a path like it can just use that word like VS code can use this word Python to use it as a path So let's go back to the tutorial instructions for VS code and see or sorry in the, yeah, there you go. Oh, wait. I just went to setting descriptions to see what it would say for this link. Python dot Python path setting is no longer used by Python extension. Okay
So let's go back to the tutorial instructions for VS code and see or sorry in the, yeah, there you go. Oh, wait. I just went to setting descriptions to see what it would say for this link. Python dot Python path setting is no longer used by Python extension. Okay Okay. Python dot default interpreter path. So I think that is what we just saw because what we were looking at was the heading was default interpreter path. And the word that was in that box was Python. So I think that's that is what we just had. So I think we're good. Great
Okay. Python dot default interpreter path. So I think that is what we just saw because what we were looking at was the heading was default interpreter path. And the word that was in that box was Python. So I think that's that is what we just had. So I think we're good. Great Great. But let's go back to that. Yeah. Python in Visual Studio code and make sure. Okay. Let's just try running something and find out whether we're good. Okay. So run Python code using file explorer. So I'll just open a new file and name it. Okay. Just making sure. I guess I'll open a folder
Great. But let's go back to that. Yeah. Python in Visual Studio code and make sure. Okay. Let's just try running something and find out whether we're good. Okay. So run Python code using file explorer. So I'll just open a new file and name it. Okay. Just making sure. I guess I'll open a folder Code open. And I want to new file and I'm going to, I'm going to call in it. I need to put these next to each other. Oh, by the way, so I just learned something super, super nifty that I should probably bring up on screen. Which for all streamers out there, I thought this was really cool
Code open. And I want to new file and I'm going to, I'm going to call in it. I need to put these next to each other. Oh, by the way, so I just learned something super, super nifty that I should probably bring up on screen. Which for all streamers out there, I thought this was really cool It's definitely not like the really fancy setup that other people have, but I still thought it was cool. Let's see if I remember. Yes. So if anybody does want to talk to us, other than homie, homie still here, I'm not going to miss it because I'm not looking down at my other screen
It's definitely not like the really fancy setup that other people have, but I still thought it was cool. Let's see if I remember. Yes. So if anybody does want to talk to us, other than homie, homie still here, I'm not going to miss it because I'm not looking down at my other screen I'll just show up here. Like this is fantastic. And we'll just go like this. Cool. All right. So I need to scroll down. Oh, scroll up. And I need to get a new file and call it hello.py. And then print. Wow. Okay. So I think, yeah
I'll just show up here. Like this is fantastic. And we'll just go like this. Cool. All right. So I need to scroll down. Oh, scroll up. And I need to get a new file and call it hello.py. And then print. Wow. Okay. So I think, yeah So I think, yeah. So when you open up a new method, like, like, print, it's going to show you off to the right. And it, but it looked like it was on top of it just because it's so tiny
So I think, yeah. So when you open up a new method, like, like, print, it's going to show you off to the right. And it, but it looked like it was on top of it just because it's so tiny Yeah, it shows you like the documentation for that method, which is super helpful, except if what you're looking at is quite tiny, then it's like in your way. Got it. And yes, homie, it is, it is fancy. And I believe I can do it. Yeah. Okay. It worked
Yeah, it shows you like the documentation for that method, which is super helpful, except if what you're looking at is quite tiny, then it's like in your way. Got it. And yes, homie, it is, it is fancy. And I believe I can do it. Yeah. Okay. It worked Okay. It worked. I don't exactly know how I did that, but in a previous stream, I could see it live right here. So if I made an edit, and it was in VS code that it was doing that, it was really cool. I just don't remember how to do it. Um, yeah
Okay. It worked. I don't exactly know how I did that, but in a previous stream, I could see it live right here. So if I made an edit, and it was in VS code that it was doing that, it was really cool. I just don't remember how to do it. Um, yeah Um, yeah. So, um, well, I'm not sure what that would look like in a Python context. I know what it would look like for markdown, like markdown where you're just like editing files. Then you can do like a live preview and it'll show you what your file would look like in a context
Um, yeah. So, um, well, I'm not sure what that would look like in a Python context. I know what it would look like for markdown, like markdown where you're just like editing files. Then you can do like a live preview and it'll show you what your file would look like in a context I don't know what that would be because like there's nothing to display other than what it literally did display at the bottom down there. Yeah. Because you said print hello beautiful human and that is precisely what it did. Yes
I don't know what that would be because like there's nothing to display other than what it literally did display at the bottom down there. Yeah. Because you said print hello beautiful human and that is precisely what it did. Yes Yes. But it's not like a web page or something where there's like something to look at. Yeah. Yeah. And so I think there's no preview because it would be like, well, what would you want that to look like? All right. So I'm in the right folder
Yes. But it's not like a web page or something where there's like something to look at. Yeah. Yeah. And so I think there's no preview because it would be like, well, what would you want that to look like? All right. So I'm in the right folder Now I have to, I'm going to Google this because I keep asking people and maybe this is why it's not sticking, but I have to download our old file. So from GitHub download my repo so we can use it, right? Oh, okay, gotcha
Now I have to, I'm going to Google this because I keep asking people and maybe this is why it's not sticking, but I have to download our old file. So from GitHub download my repo so we can use it, right? Oh, okay, gotcha So I'm going to and I'm doing this because I feel like I keep asking people and I've written it down, but it's not clicking. Okay, download. So don't don't use the word download. Okay. Clone. So I see in. C.O.I. And. On GitHub files download. That's the one. Oh, there. That down a bit. Don't a bit
So I'm going to and I'm doing this because I feel like I keep asking people and I've written it down, but it's not clicking. Okay, download. So don't don't use the word download. Okay. Clone. So I see in. C.O.I. And. On GitHub files download. That's the one. Oh, there. That down a bit. Don't a bit Don't a bit. Big green button. Yes. That's your friend. Okay. So I need to go find it in my actual file. Got it. Actual repo. Yeah. Actual repo. Thank you. Sorry. I'm totally not trained to be pedantic, but just in terms of like. No, you're doing knowing knowing the search terms and so on
Don't a bit. Big green button. Yes. That's your friend. Okay. So I need to go find it in my actual file. Got it. Actual repo. Yeah. Actual repo. Thank you. Sorry. I'm totally not trained to be pedantic, but just in terms of like. No, you're doing knowing knowing the search terms and so on It's helpful. Yes. I agree. I completely agree. So I need to copy this, right? Mm-hmm. Okay. And then. Oh, wait. This does it even all of it? That's in the GitHub C.O.I. Not in C.O.I. on my computer. It could be if you install the GitHub C.O.I
It's helpful. Yes. I agree. I completely agree. So I need to copy this, right? Mm-hmm. Okay. And then. Oh, wait. This does it even all of it? That's in the GitHub C.O.I. Not in C.O.I. on my computer. It could be if you install the GitHub C.O.IO.I. But you can actually just if you go back to the HTTPS one. Okay. Copy that. Yep. Okay. Go to your terminal. What were do you think you need to type first if we're talking to get clone? That's it. That's exactly it. You totally got it. Okay. And you're good. You did it. Right
O.I. But you can actually just if you go back to the HTTPS one. Okay. Copy that. Yep. Okay. Go to your terminal. What were do you think you need to type first if we're talking to get clone? That's it. That's exactly it. You totally got it. Okay. And you're good. You did it. Right You did it. Right. And then if I want to open it, I need to do CD learning Python. Okay. Thank you for helping me because I'm like, I feel like I've done it enough. And then. Hode. We're going to see if it works now that I did the hard reset. It actually works. Yay. That was one
You did it. Right. And then if I want to open it, I need to do CD learning Python. Okay. Thank you for helping me because I'm like, I feel like I've done it enough. And then. Hode. We're going to see if it works now that I did the hard reset. It actually works. Yay. That was one Yay. That was one. You know, you've been there since the beginning, Laura, of when it wasn't working. So. Oh, that's right. That's when we met. And it's still like no matter what I did, it would not work. Now that I've done the hard reset. It worked. All right
Yay. That was one. You know, you've been there since the beginning, Laura, of when it wasn't working. So. Oh, that's right. That's when we met. And it's still like no matter what I did, it would not work. Now that I've done the hard reset. It worked. All right All right. So I know that we are behind because, well, I'm sorry that it would be cool. Because this was a thing that we were going to do. Yeah. But if I'm re and I'm kind of sad because Wesley was also hanging out with us and showed the. It's a called an F line. F string. F string. F string. Okay
All right. So I know that we are behind because, well, I'm sorry that it would be cool. Because this was a thing that we were going to do. Yeah. But if I'm re and I'm kind of sad because Wesley was also hanging out with us and showed the. It's a called an F line. F string. F string. F string. Okay F string. Okay. He showed us the F string. And I thought it was like the coolest thing ever created going because we're on chapter one. And this is probably really small for everybody because it's small for me too. It looks good to me. Sweet. And then. Yep. We did the two plus two clearly
F string. Okay. He showed us the F string. And I thought it was like the coolest thing ever created going because we're on chapter one. And this is probably really small for everybody because it's small for me too. It looks good to me. Sweet. And then. Yep. We did the two plus two clearly We got this in VS code. And. I'm going to close this so we can move it a smidge more. Heirs are our friend. Yep. Okay. Let's see. Let's see if I remember what these are. Exponent is. Like two cubed. That's right. Two to whatever power. That's it. Okay. So. So. Remainter or modulus is
We got this in VS code. And. I'm going to close this so we can move it a smidge more. Heirs are our friend. Yep. Okay. Let's see. Let's see if I remember what these are. Exponent is. Like two cubed. That's right. Two to whatever power. That's it. Okay. So. So. Remainter or modulus is Eight can go into 22 way. No matter how many times eight goes into 22. There's six left over. Um, yeah. And the next one down is the number of times that eight can go into 22. Yeah. Sweet. The number of whole times. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That is how. I'm so glad. Yeah. It goes as help in
Eight can go into 22 way. No matter how many times eight goes into 22. There's six left over. Um, yeah. And the next one down is the number of times that eight can go into 22. Yeah. Sweet. The number of whole times. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That is how. I'm so glad. Yeah. It goes as help in It goes as help in. All right. So. We were doing different commands. Mm hmm. Oh, yeah. For sure. Tadah. Thank you, homie, for reminding me because this is like what I need in my life is when I'm not remembering things like that. So we went through. Order operations. All order of operations
It goes as help in. All right. So. We were doing different commands. Mm hmm. Oh, yeah. For sure. Tadah. Thank you, homie, for reminding me because this is like what I need in my life is when I'm not remembering things like that. So we went through. Order operations. All order of operations Hey, Jay, we were just talking about you. Hey, we're using VS code now. I deleted what we were working on last time. Yep. Okay. Ooh. I. Kind of remember this into tears. Numbers without decimals
Hey, Jay, we were just talking about you. Hey, we're using VS code now. I deleted what we were working on last time. Yep. Okay. Ooh. I. Kind of remember this into tears. Numbers without decimals That was the only part, right? It was number without decimals numbers with decimals and then like words in a string. Or numbers or words in a screen. Yeah. Any characters that you have strung together. Yeah. Cause we were doing like. Wingstring concatenation. Yep, all right
That was the only part, right? It was number without decimals numbers with decimals and then like words in a string. Or numbers or words in a screen. Yeah. Any characters that you have strung together. Yeah. Cause we were doing like. Wingstring concatenation. Yep, all right Yep, all right. We got this far and Jay I totally ended up deleting my f string because I did a hard reset on my computer so I'm a little sad
Yep, all right. We got this far and Jay I totally ended up deleting my f string because I did a hard reset on my computer so I'm a little sad I didn't back it up first, but now I know Now we'll be doing more f strings And in the book don't know why f strings are so exciting, but they are All right, so this is I think where we landed Oh, we got way past this we got way past this way past oh Yeah, because we were telling them what they equaled mm-hmm So I could say spam plus Cheese equals goodbye hello Okay I Feel like this we looked at this and It was like the same for most coding yep languages
I didn't back it up first, but now I know Now we'll be doing more f strings And in the book don't know why f strings are so exciting, but they are All right, so this is I think where we landed Oh, we got way past this we got way past this way past oh Yeah, because we were telling them what they equaled mm-hmm So I could say spam plus Cheese equals goodbye hello Okay I Feel like this we looked at this and It was like the same for most coding yep languages Okay. Yep Oh, yeah, we did build our first oh yeah, we did I kind of want to build this again because we figured out How to change it and I was really So now I'm gonna see if I can Yeah, I don't want do I want that version? No, I want this version. Okay
Okay. Yep Oh, yeah, we did build our first oh yeah, we did I kind of want to build this again because we figured out How to change it and I was really So now I'm gonna see if I can Yeah, I don't want do I want that version? No, I want this version. Okay Do you want to try? Writing it without looking at it Okay, I do I just want to look at it one more time before sure Input What is your name? Okay, we're gonna we're gonna try this miss growl Mm-hmm there, but that's good all right At least the output will remind me can I look at the output
Do you want to try? Writing it without looking at it Okay, I do I just want to look at it one more time before sure Input What is your name? Okay, we're gonna we're gonna try this miss growl Mm-hmm there, but that's good all right At least the output will remind me can I look at the output I feel like I can sure yeah I think that's actually a really great way to learn is Looking at like what do we want to get and then figuring out how do we get it is totally solid All right, so we want print Me what is your name
I feel like I can sure yeah I think that's actually a really great way to learn is Looking at like what do we want to get and then figuring out how do we get it is totally solid All right, so we want print Me what is your name Then we were doing comment of Put of me And then um, okay Strictly speaking yes is print an input or an output It's both right because they're in gonna input it and then Use the output of the name to say are but have they done it yet did they do it online three
Then we were doing comment of Put of me And then um, okay Strictly speaking yes is print an input or an output It's both right because they're in gonna input it and then Use the output of the name to say are but have they done it yet did they do it online three Yeah And that just matters because in terms of keeping it straight in our heads like what we have done so far and what we have we still need to do It just is sort of helpful Okay, also I think it's pretty common practice to Put the comments in after you're like mostly done Because otherwise at least for me I would I would end up going back and like changing the comments because I'd be like oh No, I need to change this thing and like move it over there
Yeah And that just matters because in terms of keeping it straight in our heads like what we have done so far and what we have we still need to do It just is sort of helpful Okay, also I think it's pretty common practice to Put the comments in after you're like mostly done Because otherwise at least for me I would I would end up going back and like changing the comments because I'd be like oh No, I need to change this thing and like move it over there Yeah, probably put the comments in after yeah, I would probably do the same okay, so Now I need my input It'll be a function so it'll be so no input is totally good You'll need some parentheses because it needs to take what we call an argument and Yes needs to be named but Is It gonna Jacked what happens if you click outside of the parentheses and curious to see whether it's gonna let you know that you have an issue
Yeah, probably put the comments in after yeah, I would probably do the same okay, so Now I need my input It'll be a function so it'll be so no input is totally good You'll need some parentheses because it needs to take what we call an argument and Yes needs to be named but Is It gonna Jacked what happens if you click outside of the parentheses and curious to see whether it's gonna let you know that you have an issue Oh, it's not Okay, there is a problem with name. What is it? Do you think it's not in parentheses? It is in parentheses? It's all oh no, sorry
Oh, it's not Okay, there is a problem with name. What is it? Do you think it's not in parentheses? It is in parentheses? It's all oh no, sorry It's not like the text is perfect You know what let's just keep going and see what it says when we run it Okay, yep Because because learning from The like trying to run it and then I have it go There we go, so it's saying built-in function name and so it's not happy because we're trying to use name as a variable But we didn't say that we didn't declare variable called name Okay, now scrolling back up because I'm like I don't even oh So it's backwards I just got it backwards yeah One more time because it's So so what's happening here in line seven
It's not like the text is perfect You know what let's just keep going and see what it says when we run it Okay, yep Because because learning from The like trying to run it and then I have it go There we go, so it's saying built-in function name and so it's not happy because we're trying to use name as a variable But we didn't say that we didn't declare variable called name Okay, now scrolling back up because I'm like I don't even oh So it's backwards I just got it backwards yeah One more time because it's So so what's happening here in line seven What do you think is happening? I'm Pelling my name to be a variable Yep, and what are you assigning as a value for my name
What do you think is happening? I'm Pelling my name to be a variable Yep, and what are you assigning as a value for my name Anything because it's open brackets Yep in and in particular what is it going to end up I'm trying to figure out how to answer ask this question the way that isn't goofy How is it going to know what to what to put in my name
Anything because it's open brackets Yep in and in particular what is it going to end up I'm trying to figure out how to answer ask this question the way that isn't goofy How is it going to know what to what to put in my name Is 100% possible that I'm not asking this question very well no, I So like how is it gonna know that I'm gonna write my name and then put out my name? You're gonna write it right? Yeah, so it's what it this say what this is saying line seven is like Okay, we have a variable my name
Is 100% possible that I'm not asking this question very well no, I So like how is it gonna know that I'm gonna write my name and then put out my name? You're gonna write it right? Yeah, so it's what it this say what this is saying line seven is like Okay, we have a variable my name We haven't given you a value for my name yet because the user's going to give you that value Right, so it's like hang tight It's coming the value for my print me I'm gonna be Yeah, no, it hang on it's um What's the name? Hmm Do you have two copies of this file open
We haven't given you a value for my name yet because the user's going to give you that value Right, so it's like hang tight It's coming the value for my print me I'm gonna be Yeah, no, it hang on it's um What's the name? Hmm Do you have two copies of this file open Is that what we're looking at maybe because of this oh because it should be where There so I think if you just close though I think you have two two sort of instances of this file open, okay And so when you clicked on the first one it didn't so I can just have play right there
Is that what we're looking at maybe because of this oh because it should be where There so I think if you just close though I think you have two two sort of instances of this file open, okay And so when you clicked on the first one it didn't so I can just have play right there Okay. Yeah, yeah You only need one all right cool. So it's at my name and then I Want I You Let me try this. Let me try this. I'm trying to do it like what we were doing last time, but I'm trying to do it off of memory
Okay. Yeah, yeah You only need one all right cool. So it's at my name and then I Want I You Let me try this. Let me try this. I'm trying to do it like what we were doing last time, but I'm trying to do it off of memory Then I need another input, your age equals input, and you were born in this is where I know it's going to get goofy because I don't remember what it was, but it's like the year minus or proper. So we got some errors and that's totally cool because we're just going to figure it out
Then I need another input, your age equals input, and you were born in this is where I know it's going to get goofy because I don't remember what it was, but it's like the year minus or proper. So we got some errors and that's totally cool because we're just going to figure it out So let's look at the first error that it's identifying. Line 12. Oh, yep. But I, oh wait, I only need singles. I don't know. It's actually fine for either one. Oh, okay, it'll take. And then I want, I also want this print. I don't need that in. That's your name
So let's look at the first error that it's identifying. Line 12. Oh, yep. But I, oh wait, I only need singles. I don't know. It's actually fine for either one. Oh, okay, it'll take. And then I want, I also want this print. I don't need that in. That's your name That's your name. Then, oh, but I didn't print the year. Okay, so let's see what's going on. So you've got, right, 2022. Okay, so what, what might have happened? So we've got your age equals input. And then prior to that, you've said the year equals input 2022
That's your name. Then, oh, but I didn't print the year. Okay, so let's see what's going on. So you've got, right, 2022. Okay, so what, what might have happened? So we've got your age equals input. And then prior to that, you've said the year equals input 2022 So input is what we, we use when we want to get user input for something. Oh, so I just need to do. There you go. Okay. So, um, let's for the moment comment. Oh, okay. Yeah. We'll get there. We'll get there. We're going to just, just take it one error at a time
So input is what we, we use when we want to get user input for something. Oh, so I just need to do. There you go. Okay. So, um, let's for the moment comment. Oh, okay. Yeah. We'll get there. We'll get there. We're going to just, just take it one error at a time Oh, I also need to say what is your age? Okay, while we're getting closer, we are getting closer. And this is, this is the best way for you for, for humans to learn is by like making mistakes and then figuring them out
Oh, I also need to say what is your age? Okay, while we're getting closer, we are getting closer. And this is, this is the best way for you for, for humans to learn is by like making mistakes and then figuring them out Instead of like me telling you, okay, now you need to do this and then you need to do that. Okay, so let me also save these things because I keep forgetting to save. All right. So lovely to meet you new friend. Can I do it? Like on the same line or this is where you would need an F function
Instead of like me telling you, okay, now you need to do this and then you need to do that. Okay, so let me also save these things because I keep forgetting to save. All right. So lovely to meet you new friend. Can I do it? Like on the same line or this is where you would need an F function You can do it in two different ways. You can do it with string concatenation where you're like literally using like the plus symbol to add strings together or you can do it with F strings. But it would be all inside the same print statement. Sorry. How did you go? Come back. We're still here
You can do it in two different ways. You can do it with string concatenation where you're like literally using like the plus symbol to add strings together or you can do it with F strings. But it would be all inside the same print statement. Sorry. How did you go? Come back. We're still here We're still here. We're hanging out. Oh, that's interesting. It like became full screen. And then I couldn't find you because you were in like a different because Mac OS is weird that way. And so, oh, other than not having a space. I'll wait
We're still here. We're hanging out. Oh, that's interesting. It like became full screen. And then I couldn't find you because you were in like a different because Mac OS is weird that way. And so, oh, other than not having a space. I'll wait I'll wait. So why so right now it's saying lovely to meet you new friend Jen, but it didn't say, oh, no, sorry, never mind. Go ahead. You don't actually need the parentheses on my name, but it's not tripping over them. It's not an error, but they don't need to be there. Okay
I'll wait. So why so right now it's saying lovely to meet you new friend Jen, but it didn't say, oh, no, sorry, never mind. Go ahead. You don't actually need the parentheses on my name, but it's not tripping over them. It's not an error, but they don't need to be there. Okay Okay. My name in that print statement. Okay. But oh, okay, okay. Not hurting anything, but in terms of like readability later, it would be like, wait, why are there parentheses around that is that supposed to be like an argument to a function and the function is missing. Yeah. Okay
Okay. My name in that print statement. Okay. But oh, okay, okay. Not hurting anything, but in terms of like readability later, it would be like, wait, why are there parentheses around that is that supposed to be like an argument to a function and the function is missing. Yeah. Okay Yeah. Okay. And then go and offer what you were saying, but also age equals input into input. Let's not look at the solution manual yet. Let's let's just keep keep working at it. Okay. I'm putting it just as like separating the mount so I can see. Absolutely. Yeah. Okay. So your age is input
Yeah. Okay. And then go and offer what you were saying, but also age equals input into input. Let's not look at the solution manual yet. Let's let's just keep keep working at it. Okay. I'm putting it just as like separating the mount so I can see. Absolutely. Yeah. Okay. So your age is input Mm hmm. And then I want to say print. And then if I were to do this to match. Okay. Right. Please, are you going to feel the Snyger channel? Okay, so I've got two awesome you are 34. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Cool. And then my last thing is not great
Mm hmm. And then I want to say print. And then if I were to do this to match. Okay. Right. Please, are you going to feel the Snyger channel? Okay, so I've got two awesome you are 34. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Cool. And then my last thing is not great Okay, so what it's doing is it's just printing exactly the string that you gave it. Right? And so, but what you wanted it to do was to... And then... D-D-D. Ah! Line 18. Mm-hmm. Oh, if I'm a plus sign. Yeah. Like the minus or the commas or semicolons. My name is... Ah! Not there
Okay, so what it's doing is it's just printing exactly the string that you gave it. Right? And so, but what you wanted it to do was to... And then... D-D-D. Ah! Line 18. Mm-hmm. Oh, if I'm a plus sign. Yeah. Like the minus or the commas or semicolons. My name is... Ah! Not there.. Ah! Not there. My name goes down here. Yen. I am 34. Okay, and so this is exactly what what J was identifying would become a problem. Um, that it's saying, hey, you can't concatenate. Like you can't stick an integer on a string. You can only stick a string to a string
.. Ah! Not there. My name goes down here. Yen. I am 34. Okay, and so this is exactly what what J was identifying would become a problem. Um, that it's saying, hey, you can't concatenate. Like you can't stick an integer on a string. You can only stick a string to a string So it's not happy because concatenate, that's the blessing. That is just a really weird word to use, but okay. Okay. Yep, that's the blessing. And so, because when you got the input, the input is always going to be a string
So it's not happy because concatenate, that's the blessing. That is just a really weird word to use, but okay. Okay. Yep, that's the blessing. And so, because when you got the input, the input is always going to be a string So when you said what is your age and your age equals input, that is that was 34. And that's why it worked in line, um, is 16. It said, awesome, you are plus your age. Your age was a string. Because if your age were a number, it would have been like, hey, I can't add a string to a number
So when you said what is your age and your age equals input, that is that was 34. And that's why it worked in line, um, is 16. It said, awesome, you are plus your age. Your age was a string. Because if your age were a number, it would have been like, hey, I can't add a string to a number That doesn't make sense to me. Oh. But your age was already a string. And so it was fine. But then in line 18, it becomes a problem because it's not an integer or it is a string. And so what you have to do is cast it as an integer. And that's that int input
That doesn't make sense to me. Oh. But your age was already a string. And so it was fine. But then in line 18, it becomes a problem because it's not an integer or it is a string. And so what you have to do is cast it as an integer. And that's that int input So you say, um, or not sorry, input, but like around your age in line 18, you put int and then in perens your age. And you'll need, yeah, one extra perens on the end. And so that's a function, which means take this string and make it an integer
So you say, um, or not sorry, input, but like around your age in line 18, you put int and then in perens your age. And you'll need, yeah, one extra perens on the end. And so that's a function, which means take this string and make it an integer This string that is a number, it wouldn't work if it were like the letter A or something. Um, did you save? I did, but I'm wondering if it's like, I have to do the same thing with year. So if it shouldn't need to, because if you look at line 10, um, so, um, oh, oh, look at what else we're doing
This string that is a number, it wouldn't work if it were like the letter A or something. Um, did you save? I did, but I'm wondering if it's like, I have to do the same thing with year. So if it shouldn't need to, because if you look at line 10, um, so, um, oh, oh, look at what else we're doing We're still trying to do that thing. See, we're saying you were born in a plus integer. So we're still trying to act like it's an integer, like we're concatenating these. And so that won't work. Um, and so we'll need to do, let's see, we can do this with left strings. Um, and we can do it without
We're still trying to do that thing. See, we're saying you were born in a plus integer. So we're still trying to act like it's an integer, like we're concatenating these. And so that won't work. Um, and so we'll need to do, let's see, we can do this with left strings. Um, and we can do it without So let's take out the plus. And, um, let's just run it again and try to remember how this, I haven't done this, thing in a bit. So, okay, so it's not like in that. Um, yeah, I think we probably need to just use up strings for this
So let's take out the plus. And, um, let's just run it again and try to remember how this, I haven't done this, thing in a bit. So, okay, so it's not like in that. Um, yeah, I think we probably need to just use up strings for this And this is probably as I deleted my f strings because I didn't save that one. So, which is totally this is, and this is kind of a feature instead of a bug as well, because exactly it's this f string in Python
And this is probably as I deleted my f strings because I didn't save that one. So, which is totally this is, and this is kind of a feature instead of a bug as well, because exactly it's this f string in Python This is, um, my students, when I was a math professor, I would tell them, you know, it can be kind of frustrating because, you know, that, that idiom, um, if you teach a man to fish, he can eat for a day, or no, if you give a man a fish, he can eat for a day, if you teach a man a fish, he can eat for life
This is, um, my students, when I was a math professor, I would tell them, you know, it can be kind of frustrating because, you know, that, that idiom, um, if you teach a man to fish, he can eat for a day, or no, if you give a man a fish, he can eat for a day, if you teach a man a fish, he can eat for life And I would tell them, I'm never going to give you a fish. I'm going to teach you to fish every single time. Or if you're starving, I'll give you a fish and then teach you to fish. But like, you know, and so, so I'm, I'm almost never just going to tell you just type this and then type that
And I would tell them, I'm never going to give you a fish. I'm going to teach you to fish every single time. Or if you're starving, I'll give you a fish and then teach you to fish. But like, you know, and so, so I'm, I'm almost never just going to tell you just type this and then type that It'll pretty much always be, let's figure out how to find the information that we need, just like this. I like that it's here at least. So that way, I totally used what Jay said, but I could at least know I could find it. You can find it again, right, without having to watch this live stream
It'll pretty much always be, let's figure out how to find the information that we need, just like this. I like that it's here at least. So that way, I totally used what Jay said, but I could at least know I could find it. You can find it again, right, without having to watch this live stream Which has happened before. I have, have had to, right. And I hit play, I just expected to start typing down here. Nearly four. No, you still don't like me. So we don't have all of the components for an F-string yet. Let's go back to that tab with the F-string documentation
Which has happened before. I have, have had to, right. And I hit play, I just expected to start typing down here. Nearly four. No, you still don't like me. So we don't have all of the components for an F-string yet. Let's go back to that tab with the F-string documentation We can look at the free code camp one, that's probably. Okay. So looking at their example. So we say we have like, F, yeah, we have our string. And we need a variable name in there. So would it be? Yeah. So. Okay. Okay
We can look at the free code camp one, that's probably. Okay. So looking at their example. So we say we have like, F, yeah, we have our string. And we need a variable name in there. So would it be? Yeah. So. Okay. Okay So. Okay. Okay. Let's put back the int and perns around your age, because we're still going to need that to not be a string in line 20. If we do it in line 13, we're going to have the same problem in line 16, where we're concatenating an integer and a string
So. Okay. Okay. Let's put back the int and perns around your age, because we're still going to need that to not be a string in line 20. If we do it in line 13, we're going to have the same problem in line 16, where we're concatenating an integer and a string The int and perns would need to go around your age. Actually, wait, is it treating the year as, it should be treating the year as an integer, because if we look at line 10, we just declared the year is 2022. There we go. Now it's all done line me, but I may be asking this. We're going to get there
The int and perns would need to go around your age. Actually, wait, is it treating the year as, it should be treating the year as an integer, because if we look at line 10, we just declared the year is 2022. There we go. Now it's all done line me, but I may be asking this. We're going to get there We're going to get there. So scroll down in your tab on F-strings. Oh, I got to get also get rid of the space. Oh, it was a space. Space is 34. I was born in 1988. We got it. Did it. That only took like 45 minutes to figure out. That's it. But you learned to fish. Right? Yes. Yes
We're going to get there. So scroll down in your tab on F-strings. Oh, I got to get also get rid of the space. Oh, it was a space. Space is 34. I was born in 1988. We got it. Did it. That only took like 45 minutes to figure out. That's it. But you learned to fish. Right? Yes. Yes Right? Yes. Yes. You learned to fish. And I do think I will say this has been kind of fun with Python learning this kind of stuff too, because I like being able to learn both in different ways. We've talked about that before, but I'm like learning Python from the ground up
Right? Yes. Yes. You learned to fish. And I do think I will say this has been kind of fun with Python learning this kind of stuff too, because I like being able to learn both in different ways. We've talked about that before, but I'm like learning Python from the ground up And I JavaScript, I kind of feel like I'm learning how to fly the plane while I'm flying it. So it's a great experience being able to do the balancing the two. Exactly. Yep. Okay. So now I'm going to hit save. And we are going to. Oh, oh, Jay said, ah, you can't keep it up on the screen
And I JavaScript, I kind of feel like I'm learning how to fly the plane while I'm flying it. So it's a great experience being able to do the balancing the two. Exactly. Yep. Okay. So now I'm going to hit save. And we are going to. Oh, oh, Jay said, ah, you can't keep it up on the screen There we go. I like that. Laura teaches the fishing. I like to show then explain mostly to avoid the foils and troubleshooting. Python has a saying there should generally be only one way to do a thing. This is almost never true. I think we talked about that when we talked about using camel casing
There we go. I like that. Laura teaches the fishing. I like to show then explain mostly to avoid the foils and troubleshooting. Python has a saying there should generally be only one way to do a thing. This is almost never true. I think we talked about that when we talked about using camel casing Mm hmm. Because like it's not like the Python way, but a lot of people do use camel casing. Right. Just because here I am going to be just a pedant because I think you're probably going to put this on in the GitHub repo. So it's totally good. If you scroll down, look at it. Yeah, your last line
Mm hmm. Because like it's not like the Python way, but a lot of people do use camel casing. Right. Just because here I am going to be just a pedant because I think you're probably going to put this on in the GitHub repo. So it's totally good. If you scroll down, look at it. Yeah, your last line Yes. It says you were born in and 1988. Oh, oops. That's a good call. Yeah. Just because otherwise it looks like some things missing. Now I go try it again. There we go. Yay. All right. So this is actually a different way of doing F strings that I have seen before. Yeah
Yes. It says you were born in and 1988. Oh, oops. That's a good call. Yeah. Just because otherwise it looks like some things missing. Now I go try it again. There we go. Yay. All right. So this is actually a different way of doing F strings that I have seen before. Yeah Yeah. The way that I've seen before is the same way that Jay was talking about last time where you're actually using like a percent sign, the the Modulo looking operator, which might just be further down in this
Yeah. The way that I've seen before is the same way that Jay was talking about last time where you're actually using like a percent sign, the the Modulo looking operator, which might just be further down in this And so this is another example of where it turns out there's more than one way to do F strings. You know what? We're going to get there in the book as well. Cool. And this is working. All right. Then I am going to see if I can use this terminal to upload. Let's see. I have to think about this
And so this is another example of where it turns out there's more than one way to do F strings. You know what? We're going to get there in the book as well. Cool. And this is working. All right. Then I am going to see if I can use this terminal to upload. Let's see. I have to think about this Get info. No. What was that? I just wanted to see if it could do it. It was modified. So I want to add this to the current one. So I think it would be get add. Mm-hmm. All right. And then you either need to specify a file. Like in this case, it would be loriz.co.py
Get info. No. What was that? I just wanted to see if it could do it. It was modified. So I want to add this to the current one. So I think it would be get add. Mm-hmm. All right. And then you either need to specify a file. Like in this case, it would be loriz.co.pyco.py. Or if what you want to do is add everything that you have just changed, then you can do that get add.like you just did. That can be dangerous. It's too strong a word, but it can be something sub dangerous because you can end up adding files
co.py. Or if what you want to do is add everything that you have just changed, then you can do that get add.like you just did. That can be dangerous. It's too strong a word, but it can be something sub dangerous because you can end up adding files If you just get into like muscle memory habit of like get add space dot, it's going to add everything and sometimes you don't want it to add everything. And so you're all good. You're all good. So what this is saying is please enter a commit message. Oh yeah. Yeah. Um, um, okay
If you just get into like muscle memory habit of like get add space dot, it's going to add everything and sometimes you don't want it to add everything. And so you're all good. You're all good. So what this is saying is please enter a commit message. Oh yeah. Yeah. Um, um, okay Yeah. Um, um, okay. And so this is this is going to be doing it using them. Have you used them before? Um, I've heard of it. Okay. I've heard it's not used very often anymore. Or something. I don't know. I don't know. I feel like I know. Okay
Yeah. Um, um, okay. And so this is this is going to be doing it using them. Have you used them before? Um, I've heard of it. Okay. I've heard it's not used very often anymore. Or something. I don't know. I don't know. I feel like I know. Okay Okay. So the the bits of VIM that pretty much everybody needs to know even if they're not planning on using VIM in their in their in most cases is this much VIM. So we're about to learn the like little base VIM. A few things. Okay
Okay. So the the bits of VIM that pretty much everybody needs to know even if they're not planning on using VIM in their in their in most cases is this much VIM. So we're about to learn the like little base VIM. A few things. Okay A few things. Okay. So in order to edit using VIM, um, the you know how on on keyboards, especially older ones, there will be a button that says insert. Yes. Yep. Okay. Yes. So it you want to insert text. And so the the VIM command for insert is I. Okay
A few things. Okay. So in order to edit using VIM, um, the you know how on on keyboards, especially older ones, there will be a button that says insert. Yes. Yep. Okay. Yes. So it you want to insert text. And so the the VIM command for insert is I. Okay Okay. And now you can type you can type your message. Oh, uh, um. Oh, but I heard that work. That's right. Because we're still in VIM. Okay. So VIM has two different modes. One is editing mode and the other is command mode. So remember how we had to press I, the I command in order to insert text
Okay. And now you can type you can type your message. Oh, uh, um. Oh, but I heard that work. That's right. Because we're still in VIM. Okay. So VIM has two different modes. One is editing mode and the other is command mode. So remember how we had to press I, the I command in order to insert text Uh-huh. We need to get back into command mode and you do that by pressing escape. Okay. And now the commands that we want to run with the one thing that we want to do is we want to write this, which is like saving. We want to write this to the file. And we want to be done with this file
Uh-huh. We need to get back into command mode and you do that by pressing escape. Okay. And now the commands that we want to run with the one thing that we want to do is we want to write this, which is like saving. We want to write this to the file. And we want to be done with this file We want to quit. So when we want to issue a command, um, that's not like insert. We have to type a colon. Okay. And then the two things that we want to do are we want to write and quit. So we're going to type W and Q together or space together. Enter. You didn't. There should be a badge
We want to quit. So when we want to issue a command, um, that's not like insert. We have to type a colon. Okay. And then the two things that we want to do are we want to write and quit. So we're going to type W and Q together or space together. Enter. You didn't. There should be a badge I don't know if I like VIM. Yeah. I mean, it's a thing, right? Where where like it feels like what why are you doing this to me? At least that's that's sort of how I felt about it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah
I don't know if I like VIM. Yeah. I mean, it's a thing, right? Where where like it feels like what why are you doing this to me? At least that's that's sort of how I felt about it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So my dad, because I grew up in nerd house, right? My dad says, used to say, I guess, about one of these. Um, there are two things that you, you can get, you can get by life. You can almost get through life without knowing two things
Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So my dad, because I grew up in nerd house, right? My dad says, used to say, I guess, about one of these. Um, there are two things that you, you can get, you can get by life. You can almost get through life without knowing two things One is how to drive a stick shift and the other is VI. VIM is VI improved. That's where the M comes from. So it ends up being super powerful. And I'm currently expanding my VIM knowledge because I'm starting to realize how incredibly powerful it is
One is how to drive a stick shift and the other is VI. VIM is VI improved. That's where the M comes from. So it ends up being super powerful. And I'm currently expanding my VIM knowledge because I'm starting to realize how incredibly powerful it is It just feels like, if there's a learning curve, for sure, there is a learning curve. I feel like based on your dad's saying, I'm halfway there, because I know how to drive stick shift. You are totally halfway there. You're headed me. So we're getting there. Yeah. Yeah
It just feels like, if there's a learning curve, for sure, there is a learning curve. I feel like based on your dad's saying, I'm halfway there, because I know how to drive stick shift. You are totally halfway there. You're headed me. So we're getting there. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. And thank you for the words of encouragement. Homey and Jay. I actually mostly can't see them because I think they're underneath the, oh yay. Yeah. Here you go. I don't know how to get rid of this thing. Yeah. No, I don't, I don't know. How do you get rid of it? I'm going to click
Yeah. Yeah. And thank you for the words of encouragement. Homey and Jay. I actually mostly can't see them because I think they're underneath the, oh yay. Yeah. Here you go. I don't know how to get rid of this thing. Yeah. No, I don't, I don't know. How do you get rid of it? I'm going to click Yeah. Maybe that'll get rid of it. If you look at that, yeah, that, there we go. Well, no, it just still there. Just makes me. Yeah. Probably. And VIM, oh, Jay, is that NeoVim? I've seen NeoVim, but I haven't actually used it. Oh, and thank you
Yeah. Maybe that'll get rid of it. If you look at that, yeah, that, there we go. Well, no, it just still there. Just makes me. Yeah. Probably. And VIM, oh, Jay, is that NeoVim? I've seen NeoVim, but I haven't actually used it. Oh, and thank you Oh, and thank you. It means a lot coming from you about good teaching because you're, I listen to your podcast, Jay, by the way. Sorry, it always feels like, it's like stalkery to be like talking to somebody that you've never met and be like, oh, I listen to you, whatever, it feels weird
Oh, and thank you. It means a lot coming from you about good teaching because you're, I listen to your podcast, Jay, by the way. Sorry, it always feels like, it's like stalkery to be like talking to somebody that you've never met and be like, oh, I listen to you, whatever, it feels weird I met Jay without, like, I met people that knew Jay from Elastic and were telling me about him when I already had a meeting with him, not knowing that he was who they were telling me about. Oh, that's funny
I met Jay without, like, I met people that knew Jay from Elastic and were telling me about him when I already had a meeting with him, not knowing that he was who they were telling me about. Oh, that's funny Oh, that's funny. And it was very weird because like halfway through the conversation, I was like, what? I know of you. Whoa. There's a super awesome game for learning VIM. I am working through it myself right now. It's called VIM adventures. VIM adventures. It might be like VIM hyphen adventures
Oh, that's funny. And it was very weird because like halfway through the conversation, I was like, what? I know of you. Whoa. There's a super awesome game for learning VIM. I am working through it myself right now. It's called VIM adventures. VIM adventures. It might be like VIM hyphen adventurescom. I'm going to have to check out NeoVim. Okay. So where were we trying to see if I could look at the VIM ones that we used because I think they're gone though. So is an input command, well, it's command input and those are the two that you need to know
com. I'm going to have to check out NeoVim. Okay. So where were we trying to see if I could look at the VIM ones that we used because I think they're gone though. So is an input command, well, it's command input and those are the two that you need to know Yeah, I would have said that VIM has three modes as well, but I would have said it's command insert, which is also called no command is also called normal mode insert is always called insert mode. And the third one that I know of is called visual mode
Yeah, I would have said that VIM has three modes as well, but I would have said it's command insert, which is also called no command is also called normal mode insert is always called insert mode. And the third one that I know of is called visual mode I would have thought of edit mode and thingy and insert mode is being the same thing or no, I mean, I guess edit and visual are kind of the same thing too. Yeah, anyway. So what you have to know, anytime you find yourself in a VIM situation, the most important thing to know is how to get out
I would have thought of edit mode and thingy and insert mode is being the same thing or no, I mean, I guess edit and visual are kind of the same thing too. Yeah, anyway. So what you have to know, anytime you find yourself in a VIM situation, the most important thing to know is how to get out Yes, I think I've gotten stuck in it before. Right. And so the way to get out without accidentally saving anything or whatever is colon Q exclamation point. The colon is always there because if you're going to issue a command, you have to have the command colon and then the Q is for quit
Yes, I think I've gotten stuck in it before. Right. And so the way to get out without accidentally saving anything or whatever is colon Q exclamation point. The colon is always there because if you're going to issue a command, you have to have the command colon and then the Q is for quit The exclamation point means quit even though it's equivalent to like exit without saving. It's like just quit even if I've made changes don't be like, ah, you made changes. Do you want to save them or whatever, just get out, get out, get out. colon Q exclamation point is just get me out of here
The exclamation point means quit even though it's equivalent to like exit without saving. It's like just quit even if I've made changes don't be like, ah, you made changes. Do you want to save them or whatever, just get out, get out, get out. colon Q exclamation point is just get me out of here But what we did, we wanted to save. And so that was colon us. Right. Right. Oh, right. Yeah. Right. Right. Oh, right was the save. So, yep. Right. Q is okay. Right to save. I'm totally taking notes on a no pad old school. And Q is quit. Okay. And then that helps for quit, quit without saving
But what we did, we wanted to save. And so that was colon us. Right. Right. Oh, right. Yeah. Right. Right. Oh, right was the save. So, yep. Right. Q is okay. Right to save. I'm totally taking notes on a no pad old school. And Q is quit. Okay. And then that helps for quit, quit without saving Right. Okay. In fact, it's super cute. Have you ever heard of obsidian? It's kind of like notion for like notes and stuff. No. Okay. That's super awesome. That's a whole other podcast or stream. In fact, Nicole Vanderhubin on YouTube. That's great. Streams for it
Right. Okay. In fact, it's super cute. Have you ever heard of obsidian? It's kind of like notion for like notes and stuff. No. Okay. That's super awesome. That's a whole other podcast or stream. In fact, Nicole Vanderhubin on YouTube. That's great. Streams for it Streams for it. Anyway, if you want to enable the Vim plug in for it, it won't let you do it until it'll say, we'll do this once you type in, how do you leave them? And so you hit you have to type in colon Q exclamation point or it won't let you use Vim. And I just thought that was so clever
Streams for it. Anyway, if you want to enable the Vim plug in for it, it won't let you do it until it'll say, we'll do this once you type in, how do you leave them? And so you hit you have to type in colon Q exclamation point or it won't let you use Vim. And I just thought that was so clever It's really smart because knowing me, I would get stuck in it and just be like, cut my losses and close terminal. That is. I've done that. Yeah. I don't remember why I've done that, but I've done that. Oh, yeah. And Jay is saying that VS code has a Vim mode extension
It's really smart because knowing me, I would get stuck in it and just be like, cut my losses and close terminal. That is. I've done that. Yeah. I don't remember why I've done that, but I've done that. Oh, yeah. And Jay is saying that VS code has a Vim mode extension I literally use Vim in VS code. I was going to say though, I don't know if I remember who Julia is and Jay can you give an introduction because you also said that you knew our friend here. I don't remember his name. I'll swagger it
I literally use Vim in VS code. I was going to say though, I don't know if I remember who Julia is and Jay can you give an introduction because you also said that you knew our friend here. I don't remember his name. I'll swagger it I'll swagger it. So I'm going to be hitting you up for some introductions and for you got to still be on the show Jay because oh no, it's good. Oh, okay, Julia, you're Laura or your Julia, you're the same same same same. Oh, okay, cool. So this next one. Okay
I'll swagger it. So I'm going to be hitting you up for some introductions and for you got to still be on the show Jay because oh no, it's good. Oh, okay, Julia, you're Laura or your Julia, you're the same same same same. Oh, okay, cool. So this next one. Okay Okay. Oh, Jay says I'll did catch our last stream. That's exciting. Really? Yay. What did he think? I think. So, okay. So we were in your terminal in VS code. Yes. Yes. Added the file. Yes. So we were like, okay, let's get this ready to go. And then we can edit it. Yes
Okay. Oh, Jay says I'll did catch our last stream. That's exciting. Really? Yay. What did he think? I think. So, okay. So we were in your terminal in VS code. Yes. Yes. Added the file. Yes. So we were like, okay, let's get this ready to go. And then we can edit it. Yes Yes. What do we need to do next? I don't know. Push. Oh, is it get push space, dash, and then you put more comments? That's actually get commit. So there are two different ways we'll at least two, two that I know of ways to write a commit message
Yes. What do we need to do next? I don't know. Push. Oh, is it get push space, dash, and then you put more comments? That's actually get commit. So there are two different ways we'll at least two, two that I know of ways to write a commit message So you can write get commit dash m and then you write your commit message. Or if you just say get commit enter, then it'll pop you into that them window that we were in where you wrote your commit message. That's how I, okay. Yeah
So you can write get commit dash m and then you write your commit message. Or if you just say get commit enter, then it'll pop you into that them window that we were in where you wrote your commit message. That's how I, okay. Yeah Yeah. So then, yeah, so those are two different ways of doing doing commit messages. That's where Ramon taught me the second one, the one with with them instead of the dash m message thing. All right. And so we can just get push. Okay
Yeah. So then, yeah, so those are two different ways of doing doing commit messages. That's where Ramon taught me the second one, the one with with them instead of the dash m message thing. All right. And so we can just get push. Okay Okay. I'll do that in a second because Jay said that he's in Georgia right now. So he has, oh, you're speaking on Thursday. Yay. I'll say he was glad to see someone not familiar with Python doing a live stream with it because it helped him learn some new context about how to be clearer in updates
Okay. I'll do that in a second because Jay said that he's in Georgia right now. So he has, oh, you're speaking on Thursday. Yay. I'll say he was glad to see someone not familiar with Python doing a live stream with it because it helped him learn some new context about how to be clearer in updates And Jay, I mean, if Al wants to be on our show, he is more than welcome to be on the show. Super excited. He could join me and Laura will do it together on a Monday. And then I do want to say just as we are speaking about Ramon and Jay is here
And Jay, I mean, if Al wants to be on our show, he is more than welcome to be on the show. Super excited. He could join me and Laura will do it together on a Monday. And then I do want to say just as we are speaking about Ramon and Jay is here We are finishing up our discussion from last weekend or last Wednesday about one version of the way I was saying it for my CFP's was a developed Kato's guide to saying fuck it
We are finishing up our discussion from last weekend or last Wednesday about one version of the way I was saying it for my CFP's was a developed Kato's guide to saying fuck it But I will put this in the comments as well of it actually led me to writing a blog post to work on finding my voice on all of this. And we are finishing it up on Wednesday same time to do to learn how to actually submit CFPs
But I will put this in the comments as well of it actually led me to writing a blog post to work on finding my voice on all of this. And we are finishing it up on Wednesday same time to do to learn how to actually submit CFPs So we kind of like we really worked hard on like you know all the pieces about it. But now we need to finish the description and actually go apply places. Nice. So. But yes, get push. I am remembering. I promise. I'll go back around to it. Yeah, yeah, you're all good. Oh, okay
So we kind of like we really worked hard on like you know all the pieces about it. But now we need to finish the description and actually go apply places. Nice. So. But yes, get push. I am remembering. I promise. I'll go back around to it. Yeah, yeah, you're all good. Oh, okay Oh, okay. So GitHub is protecting you because you wouldn't want anybody to just clone your repo and then push to it as you. That would be bad. Yay! Thanks for coming Jay. Thank you Jay. See you later. Yeah, I totally want to like watch that stream later too. Hopefully I can catch some of it
Oh, okay. So GitHub is protecting you because you wouldn't want anybody to just clone your repo and then push to it as you. That would be bad. Yay! Thanks for coming Jay. Thank you Jay. See you later. Yeah, I totally want to like watch that stream later too. Hopefully I can catch some of it Hey, other than getting myself very confused with Git commit without the dash M, I'm feeling pretty confident about this one. Yeah, do you want to see it in your repo? Yeah. Link to stream for the previous one we did or the one on Wednesday. Homey. I wonder
Hey, other than getting myself very confused with Git commit without the dash M, I'm feeling pretty confident about this one. Yeah, do you want to see it in your repo? Yeah. Link to stream for the previous one we did or the one on Wednesday. Homey. I wonder Homey. I wonder. Oh, I was interpreting it as for Jay's charity stream. Yeah, okay. So I got that one on Twitter. I actually have his Twitter up. So let me copy the Twitter link. Hit he you should definitely follow Jay on Twitter anyway
Homey. I wonder. Oh, I was interpreting it as for Jay's charity stream. Yeah, okay. So I got that one on Twitter. I actually have his Twitter up. So let me copy the Twitter link. Hit he you should definitely follow Jay on Twitter anyway And that is the status about with it to the link and everything like that. So it should definitely follow. And then all right, we are going to do GitHub right here and we're going to refresh. And hey, we actually did it 16 minutes ago. And it's there. Yay! Okay. And then okay, cool
And that is the status about with it to the link and everything like that. So it should definitely follow. And then all right, we are going to do GitHub right here and we're going to refresh. And hey, we actually did it 16 minutes ago. And it's there. Yay! Okay. And then okay, cool I need to update the read me. These are old notes. I still have the notes from last time, but I definitely need to update notes. And I feel like this is definitely it was harder than I thought than it was going to be doing that by without using it as a cheat sheet
I need to update the read me. These are old notes. I still have the notes from last time, but I definitely need to update notes. And I feel like this is definitely it was harder than I thought than it was going to be doing that by without using it as a cheat sheet Using the documentation as a cheat sheet. Right. Yeah. And that's another thing that I always used to used to tell my students is because they sometimes they would find it frustrating that in our classes, I would have them do a lot of group work
Using the documentation as a cheat sheet. Right. Yeah. And that's another thing that I always used to used to tell my students is because they sometimes they would find it frustrating that in our classes, I would have them do a lot of group work Like I would show them like an example of something and then have them do it themselves. And they would be like, no, because I learned better just by watching you do it. But it's a total myth that our brains believe very strongly that like we watch somebody do it
Like I would show them like an example of something and then have them do it themselves. And they would be like, no, because I learned better just by watching you do it. But it's a total myth that our brains believe very strongly that like we watch somebody do it And we're like, everything that they're doing is making sense. Therefore, I understand this concept. But then when it comes time to actually do the thing ourselves, we're like, oh, okay, I thought I had it. I don't got it. Yeah
And we're like, everything that they're doing is making sense. Therefore, I understand this concept. But then when it comes time to actually do the thing ourselves, we're like, oh, okay, I thought I had it. I don't got it. Yeah Yeah. And that is definitely and thank you for helping let me kind of stumble my through way through to get as well. Yeah. It's painful. It's painful. Like I totally get like J was putting stuff in the comments too. And I'm like, dude, I get it. Like I get that way too
Yeah. And that is definitely and thank you for helping let me kind of stumble my through way through to get as well. Yeah. It's painful. It's painful. Like I totally get like J was putting stuff in the comments too. And I'm like, dude, I get it. Like I get that way too I'm just like, but here here's the answer. But also I do I J's not here anymore, but I'll still talk about him. It was really helpful seeing how he was putting together the F strings as well. Different from the F strings that we were seeing
I'm just like, but here here's the answer. But also I do I J's not here anymore, but I'll still talk about him. It was really helpful seeing how he was putting together the F strings as well. Different from the F strings that we were seeing And I will also put those in the chat just because I don't think I don't know if I did. I can't remember is this a 90 minute thing or it's an hour to 90 minutes just because sometimes like an hour is not enough
And I will also put those in the chat just because I don't think I don't know if I did. I can't remember is this a 90 minute thing or it's an hour to 90 minutes just because sometimes like an hour is not enough But I try to keep them under an hour or around an hour just so that way people it's consumable still. Because I think that's also another thing is when people are following along, it can be very, very overwhelming. Yeah, no, I feel that. Yeah, because I think we're just about done with chapter one
But I try to keep them under an hour or around an hour just so that way people it's consumable still. Because I think that's also another thing is when people are following along, it can be very, very overwhelming. Yeah, no, I feel that. Yeah, because I think we're just about done with chapter one There were like some review questions at the end, which we could we could I mean, three options. We could do that today. So we're just like we have checked off chapter one is done. And then we just go directly into chapter two next time
There were like some review questions at the end, which we could we could I mean, three options. We could do that today. So we're just like we have checked off chapter one is done. And then we just go directly into chapter two next time Or we use those review questions next time as like a warm up for chapter two. Or I don't feel like we should do that. No, I really like the idea of doing them. I'm not great at them. Like if you were to like quiz me on them, I would feel the quits like no joke
Or we use those review questions next time as like a warm up for chapter two. Or I don't feel like we should do that. No, I really like the idea of doing them. I'm not great at them. Like if you were to like quiz me on them, I would feel the quits like no joke But if it's like something I get it talk through, you understand comprehension and like like I'm fine with that. So that's why I'm like, but I really like that idea. So I am we're gonna start with chapter quiz on chapter one. Yeah, the review questions
But if it's like something I get it talk through, you understand comprehension and like like I'm fine with that. So that's why I'm like, but I really like that idea. So I am we're gonna start with chapter quiz on chapter one. Yeah, the review questions And I am putting that in our calendar invite that way. I also remember. I'm really excited about this. Like I feel like this is a good way to and I was cool seeing an nbs code and also different ways I can see vscode. So thank you for that as well. Sure. Yeah
And I am putting that in our calendar invite that way. I also remember. I'm really excited about this. Like I feel like this is a good way to and I was cool seeing an nbs code and also different ways I can see vscode. So thank you for that as well. Sure. Yeah Sure. Yeah. I mean, it may just just in case later today, if your brain is like mine, my brain might be like, Oh, we didn't we didn't go any further than we did last time. But we totally did because we learned how to install it in vscode
Sure. Yeah. I mean, it may just just in case later today, if your brain is like mine, my brain might be like, Oh, we didn't we didn't go any further than we did last time. But we totally did because we learned how to install it in vscode We were working from like figuring out what was in our brains versus like where we were, where we wanted versus where we wanted to go and like how to troubleshoot all those error messages, which that's the skill, right? That's the job of a developer. And and we did some vm and we did some get
We were working from like figuring out what was in our brains versus like where we were, where we wanted versus where we wanted to go and like how to troubleshoot all those error messages, which that's the skill, right? That's the job of a developer. And and we did some vm and we did some get So we did all kinds of stuff today. We did some vm was a little like boi and I was not realizing I was going to go into vm. And for all of those watching, I have linked Laura's Twitter go follower on Twitter. Because you do cool things and end up going on shows like this
So we did all kinds of stuff today. We did some vm was a little like boi and I was not realizing I was going to go into vm. And for all of those watching, I have linked Laura's Twitter go follower on Twitter. Because you do cool things and end up going on shows like this And yeah, I think we're good. I think my my brain is like, I get it and it's not fully mushy much, but it's definitely where I'm like, I don't want to push it further because I finally feel like I'm getting that, you know. Yeah, that makes sense. It does. Cool
And yeah, I think we're good. I think my my brain is like, I get it and it's not fully mushy much, but it's definitely where I'm like, I don't want to push it further because I finally feel like I'm getting that, you know. Yeah, that makes sense. It does. Cool It does. Cool. Well, thank you all and talk to you soon. Bye, beautiful you guys.
It does. Cool. Well, thank you all and talk to you soon. Bye, beautiful you guys.