Hello, hello beautiful humans. Thank you for joining another episode of Teach Gen Tech and being very patient with an episode that I was very stoked for. And then I spilled water all over my laptop. It happens and we were scheduled for today. So welcome B. Duggy Duggy. I appreciate your patience as well in flexibility. Please introduce yourself and what we're talking about today. Yeah, my name is B. Duggy. Brian Douglas is my actual given name, but B. Duggy is what I go by on the internet. And yeah, I'm going to talk about open source
Duggy. I appreciate your patience as well in flexibility. Please introduce yourself and what we're talking about today. Yeah, my name is B. Duggy. Brian Douglas is my actual given name, but B. Duggy is what I go by on the internet. And yeah, I'm going to talk about open source I'm a passionate about open source and like getting people involved and happily do that today with you. Yay. And that really does. Hey Ben, it is cool people. We are cool people. That brings up a great question
I'm a passionate about open source and like getting people involved and happily do that today with you. Yay. And that really does. Hey Ben, it is cool people. We are cool people. That brings up a great question And as I've talked about in these shows before, but also when I've watched your streams of open sources like a thing. And I know that open source is based on open source. So what is open source, but what is also open source? Yeah, so open source is just that
And as I've talked about in these shows before, but also when I've watched your streams of open sources like a thing. And I know that open source is based on open source. So what is open source, but what is also open source? Yeah, so open source is just that It's code that the source code is viewable in public. Now there's a couple other things that people sort of put labels on top of open source. Like licenses
It's code that the source code is viewable in public. Now there's a couple other things that people sort of put labels on top of open source. Like licenses Like licenses. So can it be open source without a license? And legally, yes, but also know, because like there are some licenses or some assumptions that could be made unless they're not viewable, just like it being open source, you could see the code. Having a license also helps that
Like licenses. So can it be open source without a license? And legally, yes, but also know, because like there are some licenses or some assumptions that could be made unless they're not viewable, just like it being open source, you could see the code. Having a license also helps that So most stuff gets MIT license, which means that all sort of responsibilities are remissed for the maintainer or a creator. And you use it at your own risk
So most stuff gets MIT license, which means that all sort of responsibilities are remissed for the maintainer or a creator. And you use it at your own risk There are other licenses like Apache 2 or is it BDFL or something like that? Anyway, there's a bunch of licenses that are out there that apply to open source to kind of slice and dice what it is. But at day to day, it's open, and viewable public source code. A lot of open source is on GitHub
There are other licenses like Apache 2 or is it BDFL or something like that? Anyway, there's a bunch of licenses that are out there that apply to open source to kind of slice and dice what it is. But at day to day, it's open, and viewable public source code. A lot of open source is on GitHub So it's easy to make that assumption. If it's on GitHub, it's public, it's open source. But yeah, I would say use it at your own risk is kind of the assumption when it comes to open source. So using your projects for work or your boot camp or whatever. So open sauce
So it's easy to make that assumption. If it's on GitHub, it's public, it's open source. But yeah, I would say use it at your own risk is kind of the assumption when it comes to open source. So using your projects for work or your boot camp or whatever. So open sauce So open sauce. Open sauce is a project I built back in 2016 started a little CRM tool to like CRM tools like sales product, like Salesforce to manage your sales, I guess, pipeline. I built something for open source to manage my open source contributing pipeline
So open sauce. Open sauce is a project I built back in 2016 started a little CRM tool to like CRM tools like sales product, like Salesforce to manage your sales, I guess, pipeline. I built something for open source to manage my open source contributing pipeline That's what I originally came out the gate with it. Two years ago, I actually built a walk-in. So I was the only one I could use it up until two years ago. And then we started building a community two years ago, discord, folks logging and also attracting their contributions
That's what I originally came out the gate with it. Two years ago, I actually built a walk-in. So I was the only one I could use it up until two years ago. And then we started building a community two years ago, discord, folks logging and also attracting their contributions And then we sort of expanded into other things. So like the broader vision is empowering the best developers work in open source if we're aiming towards today. As a Saturday, we launched a platform to track hack-to-work-fest contributions
And then we sort of expanded into other things. So like the broader vision is empowering the best developers work in open source if we're aiming towards today. As a Saturday, we launched a platform to track hack-to-work-fest contributions And then we had some other stuff that we're putting on in the future. I am awkwardly staring at my other screens to craft the link to it. Because I didn't think about grabbing the link to the discord to talk about it. So I'll just go to the website and grab the website because that works
And then we had some other stuff that we're putting on in the future. I am awkwardly staring at my other screens to craft the link to it. Because I didn't think about grabbing the link to the discord to talk about it. So I'll just go to the website and grab the website because that works Such good content. And y'all just need to go follow BeBuggy and OpenSource because you are also very, very patient with asking questions and trying to figure that out
Such good content. And y'all just need to go follow BeBuggy and OpenSource because you are also very, very patient with asking questions and trying to figure that out So if for all of those that are looking to get into your hack-to-work-fest, which we'll go through that in a minute or new to coding, OpenSource is like the place to be. So I'm not going to lie. I saw like I'm blind to this is why I wear my glasses. And Homicoder, you said BeBuggy knows OSS
So if for all of those that are looking to get into your hack-to-work-fest, which we'll go through that in a minute or new to coding, OpenSource is like the place to be. So I'm not going to lie. I saw like I'm blind to this is why I wear my glasses. And Homicoder, you said BeBuggy knows OSS And that oh, didn't look like a no when I first looked at it. And I was like, I'm from Brevea and lots of things, including OSS
And that oh, didn't look like a no when I first looked at it. And I was like, I'm from Brevea and lots of things, including OSS Another way that I actually realized that clicked for me coming from like the mobile device world I used to work at a cell phone company for many years when Andrews and iPhones came out
Another way that I actually realized that clicked for me coming from like the mobile device world I used to work at a cell phone company for many years when Andrews and iPhones came out And I just realized like a week ago that I would always explain it to customers as iPhone has to go through a lot of rigorous testing to be able to go onto the app store and be approved where Android is open-sourced so anybody can contribute to it
And I just realized like a week ago that I would always explain it to customers as iPhone has to go through a lot of rigorous testing to be able to go onto the app store and be approved where Android is open-sourced so anybody can contribute to it And I was like, wait, I used to say that seven years ago. And I had no idea. But it's same, same. Yeah, it's just a talking point, yeah. So it's open-source software. So when you say it, people will say open-sourced. And when you type it, it's OSS. That confused me at the very beginning
And I was like, wait, I used to say that seven years ago. And I had no idea. But it's same, same. Yeah, it's just a talking point, yeah. So it's open-source software. So when you say it, people will say open-sourced. And when you type it, it's OSS. That confused me at the very beginning So years ago, so I don't know how long you've been teaming on computers. I guess you sold Android's. But back in the day, open-sourced, I don't think I actually got extremely popular until the last 15 years. It has been around for a while before my time. But there were things like shareware
So years ago, so I don't know how long you've been teaming on computers. I guess you sold Android's. But back in the day, open-sourced, I don't think I actually got extremely popular until the last 15 years. It has been around for a while before my time. But there were things like shareware Where shareware is like, oh, you can have it, host it, anybody can use it. But there was some sort of attachment. You had to pay either the license fee. So Adobe is very popularized. The way they operate with creative cloud and stuff like that, how they walk down a DRM everything
Where shareware is like, oh, you can have it, host it, anybody can use it. But there was some sort of attachment. You had to pay either the license fee. So Adobe is very popularized. The way they operate with creative cloud and stuff like that, how they walk down a DRM everything Open-sourced is the response to that. You had to get a cracked version of Photoshop back in the day, at least when I was in college. Get out of my self. The FBI is going to find me. But you find the cracked version, or you find license keys
Open-sourced is the response to that. You had to get a cracked version of Photoshop back in the day, at least when I was in college. Get out of my self. The FBI is going to find me. But you find the cracked version, or you find license keys So what I'm getting at is open-sourced is kind of the says, everyone could use this. It actually makes the entire industry better by just giving this away for free. So I think of StreamYard is currently that what you're using. OBS is the underlying technology for a lot of streaming surfaces
So what I'm getting at is open-sourced is kind of the says, everyone could use this. It actually makes the entire industry better by just giving this away for free. So I think of StreamYard is currently that what you're using. OBS is the underlying technology for a lot of streaming surfaces And OBS is open-sourced. And what OBS has done is they've taken a complicated, expensive streaming and television software and made it free and open to anybody who wants to use it. Also free it open to anybody who wants to build a business on top of it
And OBS is open-sourced. And what OBS has done is they've taken a complicated, expensive streaming and television software and made it free and open to anybody who wants to use it. Also free it open to anybody who wants to build a business on top of it So like where's actually StreamYard, but what's the other one? The other one is. Theo? I'm like theo and King, that's where I go. Yeah, yeah, so he's building his whole other thing
So like where's actually StreamYard, but what's the other one? The other one is. Theo? I'm like theo and King, that's where I go. Yeah, yeah, so he's building his whole other thing But yeah, the fact that Theo can build on top of open-sourced protocols and streaming directly and have a business around that, it's like a testament for open source. Like where now you don't have to start from zero
But yeah, the fact that Theo can build on top of open-sourced protocols and streaming directly and have a business around that, it's like a testament for open source. Like where now you don't have to start from zero And all the bits and bytes, like he can start from open source libraries to get started. So like CSS being, I was talking about tailwind before we hit live. But like the fact that I don't have to think about how to structure my CSS. And I can just build a product, like, just move forward
And all the bits and bytes, like he can start from open source libraries to get started. So like CSS being, I was talking about tailwind before we hit live. But like the fact that I don't have to think about how to structure my CSS. And I can just build a product, like, just move forward Now we can start not one from step zero. Now we can start from like step two or step three. And so now the, it's like the rising tide is raising all boats. So that's what open source is really, really doing everybody. So like when you can find the library to do X, Y, or Z and I have to build it
Now we can start not one from step zero. Now we can start from like step two or step three. And so now the, it's like the rising tide is raising all boats. So that's what open source is really, really doing everybody. So like when you can find the library to do X, Y, or Z and I have to build it Now you can work on harder problems at that point. I did that. And then also brought up another one in a stream lab. That's to it. The for any of, I kept looking at Streamyard in my browser URL. I wanted to say Stream Lab. Stream Lab is a business built on top of OBS. Like directly
Now you can work on harder problems at that point. I did that. And then also brought up another one in a stream lab. That's to it. The for any of, I kept looking at Streamyard in my browser URL. I wanted to say Stream Lab. Stream Lab is a business built on top of OBS. Like directly Like directly. And I know, and I'm curious, and this is something that we can talk about another day. Yet when I think about open source, I think about more complicated, meaning that, you know, for somebody that's new to it, it may not be as easy to use
Like directly. And I know, and I'm curious, and this is something that we can talk about another day. Yet when I think about open source, I think about more complicated, meaning that, you know, for somebody that's new to it, it may not be as easy to use Where like, and I'm comparing like OBS to like Streamyard. Streamyard is very like click and easy to go. And multiple people have been like, Jen, use OBS. And I'm like, I don't want to learn that too
Where like, and I'm comparing like OBS to like Streamyard. Streamyard is very like click and easy to go. And multiple people have been like, Jen, use OBS. And I'm like, I don't want to learn that too So I think that's a, that really does lead into HACTO Rift Fest because there are good first issues that you don't have to worry about the high level complications of it. But can you explain as a maintainer? And y'all a maintainer is, and please be waked
So I think that's a, that really does lead into HACTO Rift Fest because there are good first issues that you don't have to worry about the high level complications of it. But can you explain as a maintainer? And y'all a maintainer is, and please be waked Please let me know if I'm explaining this right? Is where you have an open source project. And a maintainer is someone that owns the open source project? Technically. And this is all like it, depending on the license. So like, so Python, the sort of BDSL, whatever it is
Please let me know if I'm explaining this right? Is where you have an open source project. And a maintainer is someone that owns the open source project? Technically. And this is all like it, depending on the license. So like, so Python, the sort of BDSL, whatever it is It's like the, the benevolent dictator, which we'd arosin the creator of Python, created this like, I don't know if he created it. But the way it is, like, he gets to say what the roadmap is going. So yeah, he kind of owns the roadmap for Python. I think we don't actually want to step down
It's like the, the benevolent dictator, which we'd arosin the creator of Python, created this like, I don't know if he created it. But the way it is, like, he gets to say what the roadmap is going. So yeah, he kind of owns the roadmap for Python. I think we don't actually want to step down Someone else to keep me honest. But what I'm getting at is like, own the product. If it's MIT license, then technically you don't own it. Like, you're using it, you're directing it. You have, as a maintainer, you have access to publish and cover releases
Someone else to keep me honest. But what I'm getting at is like, own the product. If it's MIT license, then technically you don't own it. Like, you're using it, you're directing it. You have, as a maintainer, you have access to publish and cover releases But at the other day, if someone can clone that repo and go run off and do something else, they want to do with it. How to open source.pizza, which is our discovery engine for refining projects, that's MIT license
But at the other day, if someone can clone that repo and go run off and do something else, they want to do with it. How to open source.pizza, which is our discovery engine for refining projects, that's MIT license So if someone wants to take anything that we've built and say, you know what, I'm going to make it better. I'm going to take all their code and produce a better version. Like, they can do that based on the MIT license. So yeah, technically code owners is. That's scary
So if someone wants to take anything that we've built and say, you know what, I'm going to make it better. I'm going to take all their code and produce a better version. Like, they can do that based on the MIT license. So yeah, technically code owners is. That's scary That's scary. Yeah, it's scary, but it's also the thing. It's kind of like, it's almost like, I don't want to say it's plain check in or something like that, where you roll the dice and say, yeah, if you can do a better take it, steal it, do whatever you want
That's scary. Yeah, it's scary, but it's also the thing. It's kind of like, it's almost like, I don't want to say it's plain check in or something like that, where you roll the dice and say, yeah, if you can do a better take it, steal it, do whatever you want But in the day, the movement we're seeing right now have like, stable diffusion and open AI, where they're pushing forward machine learning and what you could do in generating art, audio, video. That would not have happened if open AI didn't open source all their stuff
But in the day, the movement we're seeing right now have like, stable diffusion and open AI, where they're pushing forward machine learning and what you could do in generating art, audio, video. That would not have happened if open AI didn't open source all their stuff Because now everyone's starting from like, OK, they solved a bunch of stuff for us. We're going to start here. Now we're good. Like you see in the blockchain too as well. Once people started sharing the blockchain and the Ethereum, the sort of Web2 or whatever it is. Sorry, Web3. I don't know
Because now everyone's starting from like, OK, they solved a bunch of stuff for us. We're going to start here. Now we're good. Like you see in the blockchain too as well. Once people started sharing the blockchain and the Ethereum, the sort of Web2 or whatever it is. Sorry, Web3. I don't know I don't know. I said Web2. Web3 stuff. Some people would have come out and add me in the comments. What I'm getting at is like, you don't have to start from zero and create your own blockchain from scratch. Like there are services and tools and open source projects where you could start
I don't know. I said Web2. Web3 stuff. Some people would have come out and add me in the comments. What I'm getting at is like, you don't have to start from zero and create your own blockchain from scratch. Like there are services and tools and open source projects where you could start So like, no one owns it unless it's explicitly said. And usually if it's like a Facebook, they had a lot of pushback years ago to react. Because React, like in their license has said that you could never sue Facebook for if you use React, like there's no e-king. Yeah
So like, no one owns it unless it's explicitly said. And usually if it's like a Facebook, they had a lot of pushback years ago to react. Because React, like in their license has said that you could never sue Facebook for if you use React, like there's no e-king. Yeah Yeah. But it was pretty expansive that it sounded like if you used React, you can't sue Facebook for anything. So Facebook was coerced and forced to change your license to be more explicit to like, can't sue them for React problems. Interesting
Yeah. But it was pretty expansive that it sounded like if you used React, you can't sue Facebook for anything. So Facebook was coerced and forced to change your license to be more explicit to like, can't sue them for React problems. Interesting Interesting. And yeah, that is like a whole rabbit hole we can go down with licensing. I think that would actually be really great. But that might to do list of videos to create. Now, with Hector Fest and Hector Fest started two days ago
Interesting. And yeah, that is like a whole rabbit hole we can go down with licensing. I think that would actually be really great. But that might to do list of videos to create. Now, with Hector Fest and Hector Fest started two days ago And how would you explain Hector Fest and how what do you look for as a maintainer? Yeah. So Hector Fest is a month log Hector. It's like the biggest open source Hector in the world on the internet
And how would you explain Hector Fest and how what do you look for as a maintainer? Yeah. So Hector Fest is a month log Hector. It's like the biggest open source Hector in the world on the internet And the focus is for mainly first time early contributors, early devs, to make contributions to open source. So that's the encouragement. That's the sort of focus. Now, everyone's got their own story around Hector Fest, whether it's good or bad for them
And the focus is for mainly first time early contributors, early devs, to make contributions to open source. So that's the encouragement. That's the sort of focus. Now, everyone's got their own story around Hector Fest, whether it's good or bad for them But for Hector Fest, what they did a couple of years ago is they opted in. So your repo needs to opt in to be part of Hector Fest. If somebody creates four, I think it's four PRs in the month of October to an opt in repo that's been accepted
But for Hector Fest, what they did a couple of years ago is they opted in. So your repo needs to opt in to be part of Hector Fest. If somebody creates four, I think it's four PRs in the month of October to an opt in repo that's been accepted So please don't do spam, try to do quality contributions. Then you get a t-shirt or you get a choice to planetary. So that is Hector Fest as a whole. It's really disarround encouraging people to be aware and to do open source. And I forgot your second question
So please don't do spam, try to do quality contributions. Then you get a t-shirt or you get a choice to planetary. So that is Hector Fest as a whole. It's really disarround encouraging people to be aware and to do open source. And I forgot your second question Oh, what are maintainers looking for? Yeah. Or I would say specifically you, because you have open sauce to end, that is quite the project. And people, how do people find the projects get involved and what do you look for for somebody to submit a PR to get a proof? Yeah
Oh, what are maintainers looking for? Yeah. Or I would say specifically you, because you have open sauce to end, that is quite the project. And people, how do people find the projects get involved and what do you look for for somebody to submit a PR to get a proof? Yeah It's a complicated question. It is complicated. But luckily we have a lot of automation and tooling to coerce people with the do it the right way. So what I'm personally looking for, hands down, look at the growth of community
It's a complicated question. It is complicated. But luckily we have a lot of automation and tooling to coerce people with the do it the right way. So what I'm personally looking for, hands down, look at the growth of community We're not really looking for heavy hitting features, or we do take some low hanging fruit contributions, which is totally fine. But in the day, if you're going to come contribute open sauce to hope is that you come join a discord, you come find out more about the project
We're not really looking for heavy hitting features, or we do take some low hanging fruit contributions, which is totally fine. But in the day, if you're going to come contribute open sauce to hope is that you come join a discord, you come find out more about the project And it's not just a sort of like a one-off, you just try to get the t-shirt. And I think as a whole Hector Fest should be approached that way, where I don't care how low hanging fruit are the typo that you change or you fixed in my repository
And it's not just a sort of like a one-off, you just try to get the t-shirt. And I think as a whole Hector Fest should be approached that way, where I don't care how low hanging fruit are the typo that you change or you fixed in my repository But if you're interested in coming along for the ride and hanging out what does and having conversation about what we're building, that's what I'm looking for, to be honest. So we have a lot of automation and tooling
But if you're interested in coming along for the ride and hanging out what does and having conversation about what we're building, that's what I'm looking for, to be honest. So we have a lot of automation and tooling So all Hector Fest contributions require, in my projects, required issue attached to it. And the reason for that is a lot of some unsolicited stuff comes all the time. As much as I want to convert everything in the TypeScript, which we already did that last year, to be honest
So all Hector Fest contributions require, in my projects, required issue attached to it. And the reason for that is a lot of some unsolicited stuff comes all the time. As much as I want to convert everything in the TypeScript, which we already did that last year, to be honest But there's some other TypeScript conversions, I think back in 2018, the popular people will just try to convert one file to TypeScript, which doesn't work. But anyway, what I'm getting at is like, I'll take your ideas
But there's some other TypeScript conversions, I think back in 2018, the popular people will just try to convert one file to TypeScript, which doesn't work. But anyway, what I'm getting at is like, I'll take your ideas I just respect, I'd like to respect the view opening up the issue first in us having a discussion on whether this is needed in the project. And I think overall, most maintainers would like that as well
I just respect, I'd like to respect the view opening up the issue first in us having a discussion on whether this is needed in the project. And I think overall, most maintainers would like that as well So open up the issue, be diligent about what you're actually proposing and what is actually a bug, and then wait for a response
So open up the issue, be diligent about what you're actually proposing and what is actually a bug, and then wait for a response We tend to automate the process of how you can assign yourself to issues, but also automate the process for releasing through GitHub actions to make it easier for people not to have to understand how to do every single piece of open source contributing, which we can talk through in a moment
We tend to automate the process of how you can assign yourself to issues, but also automate the process for releasing through GitHub actions to make it easier for people not to have to understand how to do every single piece of open source contributing, which we can talk through in a moment Yeah, so for that reason, we try to keep it easy and approachable because that day to day, we had some of my contributors actually had been around for a while, came through Hector Request, and have stayed consistent with us in a little participate conversation about the future of what we're trying to build
Yeah, so for that reason, we try to keep it easy and approachable because that day to day, we had some of my contributors actually had been around for a while, came through Hector Request, and have stayed consistent with us in a little participate conversation about the future of what we're trying to build That brings up a question for myself. So in many streams, I've talked about Anthony, and he's like my big brother. He's a JC web dev because he's really hard on me to get stuff done and figure it out yet
That brings up a question for myself. So in many streams, I've talked about Anthony, and he's like my big brother. He's a JC web dev because he's really hard on me to get stuff done and figure it out yet One of my biggest supporters, which I so appreciate him, yet he said that he actually got into a lot of this stuff because he found open-sauce. And I'm curious, did that happen through Hector Request or how do people find first-good issues? How do you get involved? Yeah
One of my biggest supporters, which I so appreciate him, yet he said that he actually got into a lot of this stuff because he found open-sauce. And I'm curious, did that happen through Hector Request or how do people find first-good issues? How do you get involved? Yeah So Anthony's an interesting story because we actually met on a podcast first. He had read it. To be on my podcast to talk about Redwood. And I was like, oh, cool. I haven't had a conversation about Redwood. We had a conversation. I think I followed up with like, hey, we'd love to stay connected
So Anthony's an interesting story because we actually met on a podcast first. He had read it. To be on my podcast to talk about Redwood. And I was like, oh, cool. I haven't had a conversation about Redwood. We had a conversation. I think I followed up with like, hey, we'd love to stay connected Join our Discord. It happened to be creating a Discord around that time, or it was maybe it was a couple months old. So he joined, and as our Discord was growing, he was part of it. And started this sort of coercion to him, asking him questions, getting feedback
Join our Discord. It happened to be creating a Discord around that time, or it was maybe it was a couple months old. So he joined, and as our Discord was growing, he was part of it. And started this sort of coercion to him, asking him questions, getting feedback And he hasn't been like a huge code contributor, but as far as like a awareness contributor, conversation starter, he's like very excitable. And I think he's of a quite a few different Discord. It's like, right, I recommend
And he hasn't been like a huge code contributor, but as far as like a awareness contributor, conversation starter, he's like very excitable. And I think he's of a quite a few different Discord. It's like, right, I recommend So for finding good first issues, repos, like we've been trying to solve that problem with open-sauce. So originally, I created the tool, which is app.open-sauce.pizza. Like that's the original tool. I created that about five years ago, 2016, 6 and a half years ago. I don't know. Time's off. Wow
So for finding good first issues, repos, like we've been trying to solve that problem with open-sauce. So originally, I created the tool, which is app.open-sauce.pizza. Like that's the original tool. I created that about five years ago, 2016, 6 and a half years ago. I don't know. Time's off. Wow Time's off. Wow. But what I'm getting at is I created that for myself. It was really for me to track repos. And that's what it did. And then up in the upper right, I don't know if you could share this on your screen, but I had the idea to like recommend good first repos for people to contribute to
Time's off. Wow. But what I'm getting at is I created that for myself. It was really for me to track repos. And that's what it did. And then up in the upper right, I don't know if you could share this on your screen, but I had the idea to like recommend good first repos for people to contribute to So the, yeah, if you, oh, it was a hot repo, yeah. Yeah. So if you go to open-sauce.pizza, the actual URL. Loom-pigs, we're just saying, here we go. Yeah. And you've put the word app in front of it, app.open-sauce.pizza. I just recently took this down
So the, yeah, if you, oh, it was a hot repo, yeah. Yeah. So if you go to open-sauce.pizza, the actual URL. Loom-pigs, we're just saying, here we go. Yeah. And you've put the word app in front of it, app.open-sauce.pizza. I just recently took this down Sorry, I took it off the main page, mainly because we're focusing on some other things. So I want to recreate these features in our new product. But it just got to the point where we could keep up with the legacy stuff
Sorry, I took it off the main page, mainly because we're focusing on some other things. So I want to recreate these features in our new product. But it just got to the point where we could keep up with the legacy stuff So here you basically, is it on-boarding to essentially get to the point where you could have a dashboard? And in that dashboard. That's a cool. In that dashboard. So this is what I built originally. So if you click sync repost, this will actually authenticate you to get home
So here you basically, is it on-boarding to essentially get to the point where you could have a dashboard? And in that dashboard. That's a cool. In that dashboard. So this is what I built originally. So if you click sync repost, this will actually authenticate you to get home Hopefully, hopefully, I'm not broken. I haven't gone to the onboarding myself in quite some time. Gessie Nitsink created a database? Oh, yeah. If you logged into the GitHub, I guess it will work. Yeah. So credit DB, which then create the repo for you
Hopefully, hopefully, I'm not broken. I haven't gone to the onboarding myself in quite some time. Gessie Nitsink created a database? Oh, yeah. If you logged into the GitHub, I guess it will work. Yeah. So credit DB, which then create the repo for you I'll take you to GitHub and tell you, hey, this is what we're going to do. My recommendation is to collect repositories. So you want to install this on everything. You just want to install it on this repo called open-sauce.goals. Or open-sauce. Open-sauce. Goals. Yeah
I'll take you to GitHub and tell you, hey, this is what we're going to do. My recommendation is to collect repositories. So you want to install this on everything. You just want to install it on this repo called open-sauce.goals. Or open-sauce. Open-sauce. Goals. Yeah Goals. Yeah. So it's that second one right there. So what you did was syncing repos. And we created a repo for you. So your entire database is a GitHub repo. And I did that because I didn't want to pay for a database tool because I didn't have that much money when I created this thing
Goals. Yeah. So it's that second one right there. So what you did was syncing repos. And we created a repo for you. So your entire database is a GitHub repo. And I did that because I didn't want to pay for a database tool because I didn't have that much money when I created this thing So if you click accept that thing or whatever that green button is, install. Excellent. Now it's installed. And this is a GitHub app. So GitHub apps are like integration. She can build inside a GitHub to do cool things on people's repos
So if you click accept that thing or whatever that green button is, install. Excellent. Now it's installed. And this is a GitHub app. So GitHub apps are like integration. She can build inside a GitHub to do cool things on people's repos What we've done is we created a repo for you and we installed it on that repo. So if you go back to the tab with open-sauce, it should advance you to the next section. Yep. There you go. And then it gives you an option to select repos that you want to add to your list
What we've done is we created a repo for you and we installed it on that repo. So if you go back to the tab with open-sauce, it should advance you to the next section. Yep. There you go. And then it gives you an option to select repos that you want to add to your list So if you click on the first one, think that's the way that works. Oh, yeah. OK, got it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sorry, that you always have, maybe not as intuitive, because I forgot how it works. That's OK. We figured it out. And we will add
So if you click on the first one, think that's the way that works. Oh, yeah. OK, got it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sorry, that you always have, maybe not as intuitive, because I forgot how it works. That's OK. We figured it out. And we will add And we will add. Yeah, so the way this works is, yeah, so the way this works is you add any repo you want. So if you wanted to add tailwind or, you know, gasp or next.js, you can add it in that list. And you start tracking the repo
And we will add. Yeah, so the way this works is, yeah, so the way this works is you add any repo you want. So if you wanted to add tailwind or, you know, gasp or next.js, you can add it in that list. And you start tracking the repo So if you click on the list there, it, I guess if you click on open-sauce in the list, it'll take you to the page that will then tell you more of like good-for-sit-shoes. It'll give you insights on, well, not much insights here. Anyway, I don't know why we're in this rabbit hole
So if you click on the list there, it, I guess if you click on open-sauce in the list, it'll take you to the page that will then tell you more of like good-for-sit-shoes. It'll give you insights on, well, not much insights here. Anyway, I don't know why we're in this rabbit hole Basically, this is the old product. We're moving away from this. But as I was building this, I wanted to create a recommendation engine to recommend projects for you to click on. So like we hard-code three repos for you to choose from
Basically, this is the old product. We're moving away from this. But as I was building this, I wanted to create a recommendation engine to recommend projects for you to click on. So like we hard-code three repos for you to choose from But the goal really is like, we want to discover where open source is happening, which is why we created hotopen-sauce.pizza. So hotopen-sauce, which is going to be a feature on this platform. And it turned to its own app, essentially, because as we were building it, it was like, oh, this is cool
But the goal really is like, we want to discover where open source is happening, which is why we created hotopen-sauce.pizza. So hotopen-sauce, which is going to be a feature on this platform. And it turned to its own app, essentially, because as we were building it, it was like, oh, this is cool We should do this. We should do that. And this did make sense to inject it here. And also gave us an opportunity to create a new application, which is a React app built on VIT. That is now the sort of all of our open source happens around hotopen-sauce.pizza at the moment. Few questions
We should do this. We should do that. And this did make sense to inject it here. And also gave us an opportunity to create a new application, which is a React app built on VIT. That is now the sort of all of our open source happens around hotopen-sauce.pizza at the moment. Few questions Few questions. So first off, I do need to say this on the Discord. There are pizza picks that you can post. And I just remembered that I took pictures of pizza to post there. And I forgot to. So I'm going to have to post some pictures of pizza. Also
Few questions. So first off, I do need to say this on the Discord. There are pizza picks that you can post. And I just remembered that I took pictures of pizza to post there. And I forgot to. So I'm going to have to post some pictures of pizza. Also Also. So and I think this would matter to each open source projects and for who it is. But what languages do people need to know to be able to contribute to open-sauce? Yeah, I think a question. Yeah, so at the moment, we are primarily JavaScript. Also, we typeScript is the other language
Also. So and I think this would matter to each open source projects and for who it is. But what languages do people need to know to be able to contribute to open-sauce? Yeah, I think a question. Yeah, so at the moment, we are primarily JavaScript. Also, we typeScript is the other language Yeah, so the majority of the stuff we're doing right now is typeScript. So we kind of like moved into the typeScript land. I think it's a pretty popular move at the moment for most folks. But yeah, JavaScript is 100% necessity to contribute to open-sauce in particular
Yeah, so the majority of the stuff we're doing right now is typeScript. So we kind of like moved into the typeScript land. I think it's a pretty popular move at the moment for most folks. But yeah, JavaScript is 100% necessity to contribute to open-sauce in particular I can A, this keyboard does not work. And it double clicks everything. I'm going to move the typeScript. I can typeScript. I'm posting the video that we did with Josh last week on Josh Goldberg on Get It Foundations of TypeScript
I can A, this keyboard does not work. And it double clicks everything. I'm going to move the typeScript. I can typeScript. I'm posting the video that we did with Josh last week on Josh Goldberg on Get It Foundations of TypeScript And he's actually going to be regular on the show of working through his book. So definitely something cool that I think would really help. Anyone trying to learn TypeScript because it is really cool and can be really complicated to learn at the same time. So all right, we've got here
And he's actually going to be regular on the show of working through his book. So definitely something cool that I think would really help. Anyone trying to learn TypeScript because it is really cool and can be really complicated to learn at the same time. So all right, we've got here This is like the old area. And now if we wanted to go, they would go to here to find out more on their GitHub. Yeah, so we could go here. What in particular, are they looking to find out? Finding projects in particular? Are good for issues. Yeah, so we do have good for issues
This is like the old area. And now if we wanted to go, they would go to here to find out more on their GitHub. Yeah, so we could go here. What in particular, are they looking to find out? Finding projects in particular? Are good for issues. Yeah, so we do have good for issues We don't have a centralized database for all good for issues. And mainly because we can talk about our good for issues, specifically for open-sauce. But also, there are some other cool tools like goodforcescus.dev. There's also a Twitter account, which is good for sissusbot
We don't have a centralized database for all good for issues. And mainly because we can talk about our good for issues, specifically for open-sauce. But also, there are some other cool tools like goodforcescus.dev. There's also a Twitter account, which is good for sissusbot If you're looking to source issues or make contributions to the content, you can find them in the places. Also going to shout out our Discord has a good for issue channel as well, which is, I believe it's still called catchup. All right, I am slowly getting these linked in to our chat
If you're looking to source issues or make contributions to the content, you can find them in the places. Also going to shout out our Discord has a good for issue channel as well, which is, I believe it's still called catchup. All right, I am slowly getting these linked in to our chat So good for issues. We do have a good for sissu channel. It used to be called catchup. Now it's called good for sissus because it was, I guess catchup was too, the open-sauce thing was too much on brand, I guess. All right
So good for issues. We do have a good for sissu channel. It used to be called catchup. Now it's called good for sissus because it was, I guess catchup was too, the open-sauce thing was too much on brand, I guess. All right All right. Oh, I don't know about catchup on pizza, but I don't know if I could do that. I don't know if you do that. You know, I would say that I wouldn't recommend it, but also those like, lunchable pizzas sometimes can hit pretty well
All right. Oh, I don't know about catchup on pizza, but I don't know if I could do that. I don't know if you do that. You know, I would say that I wouldn't recommend it, but also those like, lunchable pizzas sometimes can hit pretty well So which is basically like putting catchup mozzarella sauce or marinara. I said mozzarella sauce that doesn't make sense. It is, it is technically tomato sauce, but it's not the same. It's not the same. Yes. I think catchup has sugar and vinegar is the difference. Oh, okay. Okay, that makes sense
So which is basically like putting catchup mozzarella sauce or marinara. I said mozzarella sauce that doesn't make sense. It is, it is technically tomato sauce, but it's not the same. It's not the same. Yes. I think catchup has sugar and vinegar is the difference. Oh, okay. Okay, that makes sense Then we got the discord linked. That's this lovely one right here for the actual good first sissus. And then dot dev and the Twitter account. So those are all linked now. And where we started was I go back to the good first siss, get good first sissus that we have right now. Goodness gracious
Then we got the discord linked. That's this lovely one right here for the actual good first sissus. And then dot dev and the Twitter account. So those are all linked now. And where we started was I go back to the good first siss, get good first sissus that we have right now. Goodness gracious Goodness gracious. Talk. Yeah, so we can we can talk to the good first issues and actually philosophy wise, like I'd love this like to mention the way I approach good first issues, which is why we don't have so many is that every good first issue should have an answer inside the issue
Goodness gracious. Talk. Yeah, so we can we can talk to the good first issues and actually philosophy wise, like I'd love this like to mention the way I approach good first issues, which is why we don't have so many is that every good first issue should have an answer inside the issue I don't think they should be tongue twisters. I don't think they should be, you know, challenging things to accomplish. And like the reason for that is good first issues exists to bring more people into the community
I don't think they should be tongue twisters. I don't think they should be, you know, challenging things to accomplish. And like the reason for that is good first issues exists to bring more people into the community So it's like something that you could do yourself as a maintainer or something, like you could it would take you 10 minutes to do like realistically for someone new to the project, it should only take them a couple hours to approach and complete or else you haven't scooped it properly
So it's like something that you could do yourself as a maintainer or something, like you could it would take you 10 minutes to do like realistically for someone new to the project, it should only take them a couple hours to approach and complete or else you haven't scooped it properly So like you got to break down the issue in the smaller chunks or approachable problems. And then if it's longer than that, it probably isn't a good first issue. So that's like the philosophy I sort of stand on
So like you got to break down the issue in the smaller chunks or approachable problems. And then if it's longer than that, it probably isn't a good first issue. So that's like the philosophy I sort of stand on So for that reason, we don't have a lot of good first sissus because when I do put the time in to put a bunch of issues up that have answers in them, they didn't get to take them. So we can really quickly talk through what the first one is, which I just aside the the janey this morning
So for that reason, we don't have a lot of good first sissus because when I do put the time in to put a bunch of issues up that have answers in them, they didn't get to take them. So we can really quickly talk through what the first one is, which I just aside the the janey this morning This is as it says, rename everything from post to repo. So we started the hot open sauce to repo project or hot open sauce that pizza project. And I didn't actually write up the files, but someone put like name everything post. But what we're actually submitting are repos
This is as it says, rename everything from post to repo. So we started the hot open sauce to repo project or hot open sauce that pizza project. And I didn't actually write up the files, but someone put like name everything post. But what we're actually submitting are repos So I just found that it kind of annoying to not not annoyed by the contributor, but it annoyed that every time we look up something like, oh, it's a post. It's a post. It's a post. Can we name these repos? So the actual ask is take the files that are called post grid
So I just found that it kind of annoying to not not annoyed by the contributor, but it annoyed that every time we look up something like, oh, it's a post. It's a post. It's a post. Can we name these repos? So the actual ask is take the files that are called post grid JS or post wrap that JS and make it repo wrap instead. So for whatever reason, this one's been it's it's basically been open since last month. No one's picked it up
JS or post wrap that JS and make it repo wrap instead. So for whatever reason, this one's been it's it's basically been open since last month. No one's picked it up And I'm not sure if it was like too confusing or it was like too easy, but I just asked somebody this morning that actually honestly we're going to do this one on Friday, but I was like, oh, I was talking to contributor and was like, oh, I got an easy one for you. Here you go
And I'm not sure if it was like too confusing or it was like too easy, but I just asked somebody this morning that actually honestly we're going to do this one on Friday, but I was like, oh, I was talking to contributor and was like, oh, I got an easy one for you. Here you go Here you go. So I this is signed us to to janey who's going to handle that one, but I do have another issue that we can work on today. But I just wanted to call out that it's just as simple as that in our project. We want to make sure it's approachable
Here you go. So I this is signed us to to janey who's going to handle that one, but I do have another issue that we can work on today. But I just wanted to call out that it's just as simple as that in our project. We want to make sure it's approachable There's like a CSS fix or there's like a word change
There's like a CSS fix or there's like a word change Like that's most of our good first issues or things to because what usually happens is once you do that easy thing, the hard part is always getting it up into a PR and then understanding how to like keep your branch up today and doing all the other stuff out of the fact
Like that's most of our good first issues or things to because what usually happens is once you do that easy thing, the hard part is always getting it up into a PR and then understanding how to like keep your branch up today and doing all the other stuff out of the fact That's what makes it interesting and that it's not that hard, but you just have to like open up a PR and they'll learn it. So the goal for janey, as I was talking to her, is I want her to learn how our process works. So the key is an easy issue
That's what makes it interesting and that it's not that hard, but you just have to like open up a PR and they'll learn it. So the goal for janey, as I was talking to her, is I want her to learn how our process works. So the key is an easy issue Now you'll learn how the actions run and how this works and how that works and how we cover releases. But we do have someone who did actually respond say, hey, can I take the issue? And this during hack to the fest, it's a constant problem of like everyone asking if this is still available
Now you'll learn how the actions run and how this works and how that works and how we cover releases. But we do have someone who did actually respond say, hey, can I take the issue? And this during hack to the fest, it's a constant problem of like everyone asking if this is still available Is it still available? And my ask is, yes, it's available. If no one's assigned to it. And the way to assign yourself to it. As a comment right here, there's a link that are contributing empty that tells you how to assign yourself to the issue
Is it still available? And my ask is, yes, it's available. If no one's assigned to it. And the way to assign yourself to it. As a comment right here, there's a link that are contributing empty that tells you how to assign yourself to the issue And the reason for that is I want people to walk into the contributing of the and read it. Because that's the other challenge. So the good first issue again, it's not about the code. It's not about the problem at hand. It's just about learning how to contribute to our project. So here's a box site
And the reason for that is I want people to walk into the contributing of the and read it. Because that's the other challenge. So the good first issue again, it's not about the code. It's not about the problem at hand. It's just about learning how to contribute to our project. So here's a box site And it has triage actually there is there should be a link about oh, there you go. First line, dot take. So you if you type in dot take into the issue, it will assign you to the issue. Okay. And the reason for that is like you can't assign yourself unless you're an org member into a project
And it has triage actually there is there should be a link about oh, there you go. First line, dot take. So you if you type in dot take into the issue, it will assign you to the issue. Okay. And the reason for that is like you can't assign yourself unless you're an org member into a project So it becomes like a sort of a hurdle for anybody who wants to contribute. You've got to be a member of the org to assign or you have asked me. And the challenge is that if you if you have to wait for me. Then it's just going to be slow like because I'm not like go through all this
So it becomes like a sort of a hurdle for anybody who wants to contribute. You've got to be a member of the org to assign or you have asked me. And the challenge is that if you if you have to wait for me. Then it's just going to be slow like because I'm not like go through all this So I've created a GitHub action that basically if you write that word, the action will assign you on my behalf. So and we do have a comment real quick. Yes, agree on the good first issue point. That's a really good way to get people set up the leak the repo
So I've created a GitHub action that basically if you write that word, the action will assign you on my behalf. So and we do have a comment real quick. Yes, agree on the good first issue point. That's a really good way to get people set up the leak the repo Wow, locally when you know the back effort won't be wasted. You're way more likely to do other stuff later instead of even set up a repo to start with. Agreed. And
Wow, locally when you know the back effort won't be wasted. You're way more likely to do other stuff later instead of even set up a repo to start with. Agreed. And Agreed. And. Mo just to give you a heads up, we are actually talking about Hector, and how to find good first issues because since people are a lot of people in how co professors made for those who are new to coding is we're going through how in open sauce that we contribute to a first issues
Agreed. And. Mo just to give you a heads up, we are actually talking about Hector, and how to find good first issues because since people are a lot of people in how co professors made for those who are new to coding is we're going through how in open sauce that we contribute to a first issues So that way you get points to Hector, and that being said, I do want to take a step back really quick. How do I know that this would be good for Hector, or approved for Hector, yeah, so if you click on the go to the, I guess the read me the landing page of the the repo itself
So that way you get points to Hector, and that being said, I do want to take a step back really quick. How do I know that this would be good for Hector, or approved for Hector, yeah, so if you click on the go to the, I guess the read me the landing page of the the repo itself And up in the right hand corner most now it's not required, but if you want to opt in the Hector, profess. It needs to have the topic Hector, profess in the repo, and that makes it easier for every note that's been opted in
And up in the right hand corner most now it's not required, but if you want to opt in the Hector, profess. It needs to have the topic Hector, profess in the repo, and that makes it easier for every note that's been opted in Now there are maintainers that will not put that topic there, but will accept Hector, fest PRs. So the other half of this is asking the maintainer if they can add the Hector, profess accepted label, and then now we'll also get accepted
Now there are maintainers that will not put that topic there, but will accept Hector, fest PRs. So the other half of this is asking the maintainer if they can add the Hector, profess accepted label, and then now we'll also get accepted Some maintainers don't want all the contributions to be associated with Hector, but if there's someone already contributing, and there's like a good first issue they sort of captured, they can then go ahead and
Some maintainers don't want all the contributions to be associated with Hector, but if there's someone already contributing, and there's like a good first issue they sort of captured, they can then go ahead and Ask the maintainer to add the label, and then I'll get accepted into the Hector, profess system. Sweet, and I clicked the label in this came up, which it looks like a place to start. So I'm going to go back because I love the community that you've built
Ask the maintainer to add the label, and then I'll get accepted into the Hector, profess system. Sweet, and I clicked the label in this came up, which it looks like a place to start. So I'm going to go back because I love the community that you've built So that way it's easier for us to know what to do with it, instead of just like all general, because I know for my first issue, I definitely. Is he mind free species now I have to go back. Okay, fine. Back back. Yeah, if you also go to any repo, do slash contribute
So that way it's easier for us to know what to do with it, instead of just like all general, because I know for my first issue, I definitely. Is he mind free species now I have to go back. Okay, fine. Back back. Yeah, if you also go to any repo, do slash contribute So right now it's open slash slash hot in your URL. Take out everything after hot and the typing contribute. This is a quick sort of Easter egg to you. Get to just good first issues. Good first issues and and docs. So it's the same. Same filtered list, but there you go
So right now it's open slash slash hot in your URL. Take out everything after hot and the typing contribute. This is a quick sort of Easter egg to you. Get to just good first issues. Good first issues and and docs. So it's the same. Same filtered list, but there you go Right, private repos I I wouldn't think so. Private repos are not a part of Hector profess. Yeah, Hector profess is focused on open source and by default, if your project is private, it's not open source. So it negates the even the reason for having a contribution submitted
Right, private repos I I wouldn't think so. Private repos are not a part of Hector profess. Yeah, Hector profess is focused on open source and by default, if your project is private, it's not open source. So it negates the even the reason for having a contribution submitted Also, if it's private, it probably doesn't want people alerting what their contributions are in the code. That is true. That is true. And what about Anthony? We were talking about you earlier and you weren't here. All right, so we talked about so I'm going to go to the feature tailwinds and
Also, if it's private, it probably doesn't want people alerting what their contributions are in the code. That is true. That is true. And what about Anthony? We were talking about you earlier and you weren't here. All right, so we talked about so I'm going to go to the feature tailwinds and Yeah, so this is the issue that we had where we had a contribution, quite a few contributions and we were we found that we were introducing anti patterns. Tailwind is a framework to build CSS. And when you use the framework, it is beautiful
Yeah, so this is the issue that we had where we had a contribution, quite a few contributions and we were we found that we were introducing anti patterns. Tailwind is a framework to build CSS. And when you use the framework, it is beautiful When you start writing anytime you like have a framework and you start writing code that doesn't belong or you start writing your own libraries on top of the framework. It becomes a maintenance nightmare. So someone call it out
When you start writing anytime you like have a framework and you start writing code that doesn't belong or you start writing your own libraries on top of the framework. It becomes a maintenance nightmare. So someone call it out So we ended up going through all the repos or start all the files and identifying where we need to clean up the actual CSS. The example that I have here is the class name anywhere where it's hard coded pixels. We want to change it into the tailwinds
So we ended up going through all the repos or start all the files and identifying where we need to clean up the actual CSS. The example that I have here is the class name anywhere where it's hard coded pixels. We want to change it into the tailwinds Like the number framework basically, which just attaches a rim that's. Anyway, we're going to get the details about tailwinds, but basically it just consists in across multiple browsers and browsers like window sizes and stuff like that
Like the number framework basically, which just attaches a rim that's. Anyway, we're going to get the details about tailwinds, but basically it just consists in across multiple browsers and browsers like window sizes and stuff like that So it's better to use the second pattern than to use hard coded pixels. So it seems like we only have one issue open that needs to be addressed. So if you want to click on that one, you can actually and get how you can link issues inside of issues. So what we had previously was a tracking issue
So it's better to use the second pattern than to use hard coded pixels. So it seems like we only have one issue open that needs to be addressed. So if you want to click on that one, you can actually and get how you can link issues inside of issues. So what we had previously was a tracking issue And then the tracking issue has the last one that's ready to get accomplished. So on that note, would I want to take both of them or would I just take the one within the one? Take the one within the one. Yeah, because so the tracking issues really set up
And then the tracking issue has the last one that's ready to get accomplished. So on that note, would I want to take both of them or would I just take the one within the one? Take the one within the one. Yeah, because so the tracking issues really set up So multiple people can work on the same problem. Just in different places. And then the other person could take all of them. But if someone takes like six issues, I usually on a sign them because you're being a log basically like we want to share the wealth
So multiple people can work on the same problem. Just in different places. And then the other person could take all of them. But if someone takes like six issues, I usually on a sign them because you're being a log basically like we want to share the wealth Like this is not really meant for you to. And a lot of times some people can get in their head of like, oh, good for a tissue. I'm going to grab another one. But the thing is like if you grab if you've grabbed the good first issue already after a couple of them, they're not good for issues more
Like this is not really meant for you to. And a lot of times some people can get in their head of like, oh, good for a tissue. I'm going to grab another one. But the thing is like if you grab if you've grabbed the good first issue already after a couple of them, they're not good for issues more So you're you're cherry picking some easy stuff to do. So we ask is like, hey, why don't we go try another problem or harder problem? Because at this point, you really know how to reap a work. You know how to clone it. You know how to do PRs. You know how to interact with us
So you're you're cherry picking some easy stuff to do. So we ask is like, hey, why don't we go try another problem or harder problem? Because at this point, you really know how to reap a work. You know how to clone it. You know how to do PRs. You know how to interact with us Us as in the contributors to open sauce. So let's move on to like something a little more challenging. I dig that. And so like they did their. Take on it. It looks like it was. So, I'm not going to say that you're going to be doing that. But you can't see. Yeah
Us as in the contributors to open sauce. So let's move on to like something a little more challenging. I dig that. And so like they did their. Take on it. It looks like it was. So, I'm not going to say that you're going to be doing that. But you can't see. Yeah Yeah. So I was basically he got a little busy. He had some family stuff come up. He also. We failed and review. So there were some things that we had that get updated. But Alex currently, I don't know if he's gotten his first job yet already
Yeah. So I was basically he got a little busy. He had some family stuff come up. He also. We failed and review. So there were some things that we had that get updated. But Alex currently, I don't know if he's gotten his first job yet already But he was currently he was either on the on the hunt for work. So going to assume he got busy. So I went ahead and on the side
But he was currently he was either on the on the hunt for work. So going to assume he got busy. So I went ahead and on the side I do want to do some automation, which if somebody wants to build this for me, I need some automation to basically go through anything that gets stale at the business being assigned and go ahead and unassign people
I do want to do some automation, which if somebody wants to build this for me, I need some automation to basically go through anything that gets stale at the business being assigned and go ahead and unassign people Because we do get a lot of folks who assign themselves issues and they just, you get busy. I think I've done one. I've done one of them. I assigned myself, I think, like two months ago and forgot. Yeah. And it happens. And like, we want to be respectful
Because we do get a lot of folks who assign themselves issues and they just, you get busy. I think I've done one. I've done one of them. I assigned myself, I think, like two months ago and forgot. Yeah. And it happens. And like, we want to be respectful Like, hey, I understand, like, you know, family comes up. It is all like free time you're giving to the project. So my assumption is like, there's no deadline. Just like within a month, probably at that point, might want to unassign them because then we're going to have something else take it
Like, hey, I understand, like, you know, family comes up. It is all like free time you're giving to the project. So my assumption is like, there's no deadline. Just like within a month, probably at that point, might want to unassign them because then we're going to have something else take it So you initiated the dot take. We just got you see you assigned. We saw the action below. Go live. Okay. So we got away for, uh, okay. Yeah. So this GitHub action, and we could actually talk about the action if you want. And then, yeah, for sure
So you initiated the dot take. We just got you see you assigned. We saw the action below. Go live. Okay. So we got away for, uh, okay. Yeah. So this GitHub action, and we could actually talk about the action if you want. And then, yeah, for sure But the action itself, it just assigned you to the issue on behalf of me. So that's what's happening to GitHub actions. What does that? We also alert you that we have a discord. So the hope is that you go in the discord and ask questions. So that's like our sort of pipeline
But the action itself, it just assigned you to the issue on behalf of me. So that's what's happening to GitHub actions. What does that? We also alert you that we have a discord. So the hope is that you go in the discord and ask questions. So that's like our sort of pipeline Like, I talked a lot of maintainers when I work there. I used to work at GitHub. I don't think I actually mentioned that. It's been four and a half years working at GitHub
Like, I talked a lot of maintainers when I work there. I used to work at GitHub. I don't think I actually mentioned that. It's been four and a half years working at GitHub Talked a lot of open source maintainers and contributors and a lot of folks want to know, like, how do you get your project like noticed? Or how do you get contributors? And it's by doing things like this. Like if someone has a good experience, they're going to talk about it
Talked a lot of open source maintainers and contributors and a lot of folks want to know, like, how do you get your project like noticed? Or how do you get contributors? And it's by doing things like this. Like if someone has a good experience, they're going to talk about it So you all you had to do is type. Take you assign the issue. Now your open source contributor, like your name is somewhere in someone else's project. To make that process as easy as possible is how you grow community and how you grow interest. And not everyone's built for community management
So you all you had to do is type. Take you assign the issue. Now your open source contributor, like your name is somewhere in someone else's project. To make that process as easy as possible is how you grow community and how you grow interest. And not everyone's built for community management Not everyone's built to be set of an open source maintainer. But we all grow into it essentially. But like as long as we like do the smallest baby steps, if you care to do them, you'll see growth in your community. You'll see attention and traction. And that's at any day, that's how it all works
Not everyone's built to be set of an open source maintainer. But we all grow into it essentially. But like as long as we like do the smallest baby steps, if you care to do them, you'll see growth in your community. You'll see attention and traction. And that's at any day, that's how it all works Like all the larger projects got some sort of backing behind good community managers or good folks. You know how to engage community and stuff like that. And that's how they that's how they get traction
Like all the larger projects got some sort of backing behind good community managers or good folks. You know how to engage community and stuff like that. And that's how they that's how they get traction It wasn't like no one's going to find your project organically, just magically just by searching on GitHub. You kind of have to talk about your project. They have to also make sure when people show up, they can help out or they can at least use a thing to as well
It wasn't like no one's going to find your project organically, just magically just by searching on GitHub. You kind of have to talk about your project. They have to also make sure when people show up, they can help out or they can at least use a thing to as well That brings up, I'm going to actually move my discord over here. Because one thing that has always like that I get stuck on and I don't know if anybody else does this, but it's the fact that I'm like, oh, I got a good first issue. I'm ready
That brings up, I'm going to actually move my discord over here. Because one thing that has always like that I get stuck on and I don't know if anybody else does this, but it's the fact that I'm like, oh, I got a good first issue. I'm ready I'm ready. I don't know where to ask questions because I'm like, does it go here? Does it go here? Does it go here? And then in turn, I DM Ben and ask him, how do I do this because I really want to do it, but I don't want to make an ass out of myself
I'm ready. I don't know where to ask questions because I'm like, does it go here? Does it go here? Does it go here? And then in turn, I DM Ben and ask him, how do I do this because I really want to do it, but I don't want to make an ass out of myself So how do I do this or Anthony, you know, like instead of doing it in the community where others learn with it because I'm like, I don't know. So good first issues is where an issue is posted. And you can go like, assign yourself. But then I'm looking at them too. Where would I put it? No
So how do I do this or Anthony, you know, like instead of doing it in the community where others learn with it because I'm like, I don't know. So good first issues is where an issue is posted. And you can go like, assign yourself. But then I'm looking at them too. Where would I put it? No As far as the question. So I would start, it's just a section called start here here. And this it should have explanation on where I don't think we actually have explanation on where to actually have open source, open source questions, which is a good, it's actually a good catch too as well
As far as the question. So I would start, it's just a section called start here here. And this it should have explanation on where I don't think we actually have explanation on where to actually have open source, open source questions, which is a good, it's actually a good catch too as well If we don't, I'm actually reading it right now. Okay. I'm going to type this in here because it should be here. Here we go. Now everyone who comes here after now will know that's where I ask open source questions, which would be that. Okay. Yeah, and this channel is for everyone too
If we don't, I'm actually reading it right now. Okay. I'm going to type this in here because it should be here. Here we go. Now everyone who comes here after now will know that's where I ask open source questions, which would be that. Okay. Yeah, and this channel is for everyone too So Takanomi, he's had a couple contributions. If you have specific questions on the approach or if you need reviews or if you had a review requested or said you had changes requested and it's ready for review, this is the place to go to
So Takanomi, he's had a couple contributions. If you have specific questions on the approach or if you need reviews or if you had a review requested or said you had changes requested and it's ready for review, this is the place to go to So yeah, this, this channel is in particular specifically for I want to contribute to open source or I'm a contribute open source. This is where we hang out. Everyone who's is here for just having conversation or hanging out, we have a hanging out channel
So yeah, this, this channel is in particular specifically for I want to contribute to open source or I'm a contribute open source. This is where we hang out. Everyone who's is here for just having conversation or hanging out, we have a hanging out channel We have a free stuff channel with pizza picks channel, job channel. So like all that stuff is for those specific reasons, but if you specifically want questions answered, like that's the place
We have a free stuff channel with pizza picks channel, job channel. So like all that stuff is for those specific reasons, but if you specifically want questions answered, like that's the place Sweet, thank you for that because I was, I mean, any community that I join, I'm really, really bad at commenting or being a part of them because I'm like, I'm overwhelmed. There's so many options. Yeah. So thank you for adding that in there and all right. So we the GitHub action
Sweet, thank you for that because I was, I mean, any community that I join, I'm really, really bad at commenting or being a part of them because I'm like, I'm overwhelmed. There's so many options. Yeah. So thank you for adding that in there and all right. So we the GitHub action Thank you for explaining that assigned to me to the issue. Now I need to go to contexts is on the tracking issue here. Okay. So you're good here. Okay. What we're doing is it's basically there's a one file called a hero Txx
Thank you for explaining that assigned to me to the issue. Now I need to go to contexts is on the tracking issue here. Okay. So you're good here. Okay. What we're doing is it's basically there's a one file called a hero Txx That file has the anti pattern in it and we just have to replace the anti pattern. So we could do, we do a couple of things. I don't know. Do you have code spaces enabled? And I might actually be easiest to do that. And the map. Yeah. I'll show you how you can check
That file has the anti pattern in it and we just have to replace the anti pattern. So we could do, we do a couple of things. I don't know. Do you have code spaces enabled? And I might actually be easiest to do that. And the map. Yeah. I'll show you how you can check So if you go to the file itself, if you hit the word the letter T on your keyboard. Okay. You know, you actually have to be the main sorry, go to the landing page to code tab. There we go. Now. And then type of the word hero. And then so click that first one
So if you go to the file itself, if you hit the word the letter T on your keyboard. Okay. You know, you actually have to be the main sorry, go to the landing page to code tab. There we go. Now. And then type of the word hero. And then so click that first one And then if we scroll down, we should see like a square brackets and pixels. Literally the entire code base. It should be the bottom where the GSX starts. Yeah. Save his girl over. So see that dash X dash. So all that like five px, we have to replace all that. And like this one that's 130. Okay
And then if we scroll down, we should see like a square brackets and pixels. Literally the entire code base. It should be the bottom where the GSX starts. Yeah. Save his girl over. So see that dash X dash. So all that like five px, we have to replace all that. And like this one that's 130. Okay Okay. Yeah. So it's just littered throughout the entire section. Yeah. So the way, you know, actually we can't do it. We actually had to clone this locally. Because we have to run a server to see this work. So a couple things
Okay. Yeah. So it's just littered throughout the entire section. Yeah. So the way, you know, actually we can't do it. We actually had to clone this locally. Because we have to run a server to see this work. So a couple things So a couple things. We're going to collect like do you have get already installed on this machine? Solid question. I say that because this is not my computer. Yeah. So you have the code. So we're probably did what you do is a VS code. Okay. So that will get you out for the way there. The
So a couple things. We're going to collect like do you have get already installed on this machine? Solid question. I say that because this is not my computer. Yeah. So you have the code. So we're probably did what you do is a VS code. Okay. So that will get you out for the way there. The The. I will struggle with the getting the CLI to work in windows. But if you go to CLI dot get hub dot com. We'll do it. We'll basically approach this the easiest way possible. And honestly, I think using the get up CLI to make your for a good first issue contributions
The. I will struggle with the getting the CLI to work in windows. But if you go to CLI dot get hub dot com. We'll do it. We'll basically approach this the easiest way possible. And honestly, I think using the get up CLI to make your for a good first issue contributions It's probably the good way to start. Because it does a lot of the. The forking and dancing for you. Which I'll explain what I mean by that. So yeah. Good news is that there's a executable for the windows. Looks like you have a no an installer to install. So yeah, the get up CLI
It's probably the good way to start. Because it does a lot of the. The forking and dancing for you. Which I'll explain what I mean by that. So yeah. Good news is that there's a executable for the windows. Looks like you have a no an installer to install. So yeah, the get up CLI It's a tool built by GitHub. So you can interact with GitHub. So most people are familiar with the get command line interface. We can like get add or get commit or get push. The get up CLI basically adds more interactions. So you type in like GH clone or GH fetch
It's a tool built by GitHub. So you can interact with GitHub. So most people are familiar with the get command line interface. We can like get add or get commit or get push. The get up CLI basically adds more interactions. So you type in like GH clone or GH fetch Like you can grab data from GitHub directly. Okay. Okay. I am staring at it on my other screen waiting for it. Oh, yes, yes, I do. Okay. There we go. Finish. You okay. And it's installed. So I just want to see if there's something we need to do for. Yeah, you shouldn't have to
Like you can grab data from GitHub directly. Okay. Okay. I am staring at it on my other screen waiting for it. Oh, yes, yes, I do. Okay. There we go. Finish. You okay. And it's installed. So I just want to see if there's something we need to do for. Yeah, you shouldn't have to Yeah, if you just do G a GH off the log in. You might have to open a terminal. I'm not sure how it works on. So I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Yeah. This keyboard is going to. Yeah, it's. You have to close the command prompt and open it up again. Because I think the way it. It should load
Yeah, if you just do G a GH off the log in. You might have to open a terminal. I'm not sure how it works on. So I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Yeah. This keyboard is going to. Yeah, it's. You have to close the command prompt and open it up again. Because I think the way it. It should load It should load. All everything that's been installed. Me and like trying to use a Windows computer is. Is difficult. Okay. GH. What was it again? GH off a. H. Oh, you got a log in after. Yeah. So this is basically taking connecting you to GitHub. From the command line. So GH off the log in. Cool
It should load. All everything that's been installed. Me and like trying to use a Windows computer is. Is difficult. Okay. GH. What was it again? GH off a. H. Oh, you got a log in after. Yeah. So this is basically taking connecting you to GitHub. From the command line. So GH off the log in. Cool Cool. GitHub.com is the one you want. This hit enter. And you want to click SSH as well. And there's a reason for that. And you want to say yes. Don't you don't have to put anything here. Just hit enter. And hit enter again. And I'll explain to you what you do it to as well
Cool. GitHub.com is the one you want. This hit enter. And you want to click SSH as well. And there's a reason for that. And you want to say yes. Don't you don't have to put anything here. Just hit enter. And hit enter again. And I'll explain to you what you do it to as well So log in with web browser. So basically normally to set up SSH is a little more complicated. That we can do on stream. Because I'll mess you up and you'll mess it up. And. But we get the
So log in with web browser. So basically normally to set up SSH is a little more complicated. That we can do on stream. Because I'll mess you up and you'll mess it up. And. But we get the But we get the. And you know, if you get up CLI, it will actually give you access to your GitHub account directly through your command prompt. So when you clone, you don't have to type in your password. Because now you're basically saying this. I trust this
But we get the. And you know, if you get up CLI, it will actually give you access to your GitHub account directly through your command prompt. So when you clone, you don't have to type in your password. Because now you're basically saying this. I trust this I trust this. The hopefully you trust the machine you're on. But you're basically telling GitHub I trust this machine enough that I'm going to add a SSH key, which is a secure shell. Protocol to basically go back and forth between GitHub.com and your. Your Windows computer
I trust this. The hopefully you trust the machine you're on. But you're basically telling GitHub I trust this machine enough that I'm going to add a SSH key, which is a secure shell. Protocol to basically go back and forth between GitHub.com and your. Your Windows computer So you're just getting a new one. Maybe. Creating a new one. SSH key. Because I don't currently have any. Oh, yeah. Why you you should be able to do it from the command line. Oh, okay. Yeah, so the CLI will do it all for you. So. So. So, hey, log in with browser. I just hit enter. Okay
So you're just getting a new one. Maybe. Creating a new one. SSH key. Because I don't currently have any. Oh, yeah. Why you you should be able to do it from the command line. Oh, okay. Yeah, so the CLI will do it all for you. So. So. So, hey, log in with browser. I just hit enter. Okay Okay. Are you focused on the command prompt? I don't know if it's. Yes. Let's see. There you go. So that that number. You should be able to paste in what the browser that opens up. Oh, okay. Yeah, so like normally you would create a manually created SSH key. You would copy and paste that
Okay. Are you focused on the command prompt? I don't know if it's. Yes. Let's see. There you go. So that that number. You should be able to paste in what the browser that opens up. Oh, okay. Yeah, so like normally you would create a manually created SSH key. You would copy and paste that Throw it into you like your root folder. Hope for the best. And then it works. A lot of times it takes a couple tries or. It's it's really challenging for beginners. So I always point people to CLI to do this for you. So that way, you don't have to worry about
Throw it into you like your root folder. Hope for the best. And then it works. A lot of times it takes a couple tries or. It's it's really challenging for beginners. So I always point people to CLI to do this for you. So that way, you don't have to worry about How you how we used to do it the old days. Cool. So. Now what it's done is basically it's created SSH key. It's put into your root. It also logged in teach GenTak, which I see was your your GitHub. Yeah. It's not supposed to be, but yeah, yeah. That's it. That is it. Well, we're all with this one
How you how we used to do it the old days. Cool. So. Now what it's done is basically it's created SSH key. It's put into your root. It also logged in teach GenTak, which I see was your your GitHub. Yeah. It's not supposed to be, but yeah, yeah. That's it. That is it. Well, we're all with this one Okay. There we go. All right. So we are logged in. Yeah. If you if you wanted to change it, we could have reset it. If you wanted to log into your other account. So I don't have access. I'm currently waiting for GitHub to get back to me because it was associated with an old work email
Okay. There we go. All right. So we are logged in. Yeah. If you if you wanted to change it, we could have reset it. If you wanted to log into your other account. So I don't have access. I'm currently waiting for GitHub to get back to me because it was associated with an old work email And I didn't realize to change the email address before I was let go. So I'm asking them for access being like, please, please have a user name back. That's all I want. I don't want the content. I just want to use these. But we'll see. All right. So I can. Yeah
And I didn't realize to change the email address before I was let go. So I'm asking them for access being like, please, please have a user name back. That's all I want. I don't want the content. I just want to use these. But we'll see. All right. So I can. Yeah So I can. Yeah. So here's the nice little because now you have everything connected to GitHub. You're now. You're a wizard here. Harry. Basically, sorry. Bad. Bad joke. It's out of date. If you go to back to your homepage for the hot repo. We want to clone it. You're a wizard
So I can. Yeah. So here's the nice little because now you have everything connected to GitHub. You're now. You're a wizard here. Harry. Basically, sorry. Bad. Bad joke. It's out of date. If you go to back to your homepage for the hot repo. We want to clone it. You're a wizard You're a wizard. You want to clone the. The repo by this go into code tab. Okay. Okay. Let me make this bit bigger again. All right. You said code tab. Yeah. Yeah. Because we want to get the green button on the right that says code. Oh, so I need to do this entire thing and
You're a wizard. You want to clone the. The repo by this go into code tab. Okay. Okay. Let me make this bit bigger again. All right. You said code tab. Yeah. Yeah. Because we want to get the green button on the right that says code. Oh, so I need to do this entire thing and Well, the beauty is that you can click on the CLI. And then copy that. And then that should clone it locally. It was the good part about doing it this way for folks listening at home. It's a good part about it. You know, that's great. I think it's great to go through the code
Well, the beauty is that you can click on the CLI. And then copy that. And then that should clone it locally. It was the good part about doing it this way for folks listening at home. It's a good part about it. You know, that's great. I think it's great to go through the code Also set up your remote. So you could also. You know, to be honest, we should fork it first. Yeah. Yeah. And we have to install Git for windows as well. Well, we're just going to close up now and. Get. For windows. This is it. You know, honestly, I did set up my Windows machine to code on
Also set up your remote. So you could also. You know, to be honest, we should fork it first. Yeah. Yeah. And we have to install Git for windows as well. Well, we're just going to close up now and. Get. For windows. This is it. You know, honestly, I did set up my Windows machine to code on I've never coded on it. But for times like this, I have it set up in case I have to use the Windows machine. Well, now it'll be set up. So that way, if I do ever need it, again, it'll be already set up on this laptop. I am very, very fortunate that Tyler is letting me use his Windows laptop
I've never coded on it. But for times like this, I have it set up in case I have to use the Windows machine. Well, now it'll be set up. So that way, if I do ever need it, again, it'll be already set up on this laptop. I am very, very fortunate that Tyler is letting me use his Windows laptop But I did find out that I have AppleCare. And so it was only a $300 replacement instead of a new, completely new computer. So that works. There is good news in that. There is good news in that. All right. Install so many install options. Okay. And then. I have too many tabs now. This isn't good
But I did find out that I have AppleCare. And so it was only a $300 replacement instead of a new, completely new computer. So that works. There is good news in that. There is good news in that. All right. Install so many install options. Okay. And then. I have too many tabs now. This isn't good This isn't good. I always hate too many tabs. I exit, exit, exit, exit. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So we do want to fork this repo because I realized we're going to clone the upstream. So that would have been challenging the contribute back up to that. So up on the right, we have a fork button
This isn't good. I always hate too many tabs. I exit, exit, exit, exit. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So we do want to fork this repo because I realized we're going to clone the upstream. So that would have been challenging the contribute back up to that. So up on the right, we have a fork button So like when doing open source, open source really starts from getting a copy of the version. So you could work on. So like, click in that fork button. That's how we get started with that. Yeah, just pick fork. Yeah. You know, everything should be good
So like when doing open source, open source really starts from getting a copy of the version. So you could work on. So like, click in that fork button. That's how we get started with that. Yeah, just pick fork. Yeah. You know, everything should be good You just go ahead and get create for this a new screen. Back in my day, we used to just get the fork and that was it. Oh, they took out the copy machine. There's a nice little animation where they were copying the code base on a copy machine. But I guess they took that out. Sad days at GitHub
You just go ahead and get create for this a new screen. Back in my day, we used to just get the fork and that was it. Oh, they took out the copy machine. There's a nice little animation where they were copying the code base on a copy machine. But I guess they took that out. Sad days at GitHub Sad days at GitHub. Cool. So now we have the fork. We want to go ahead and clone using the CLI. So go back to the green button. We also might have to open a new command prompt tab because get might not be recognized. And I'm not sure how to do this
Sad days at GitHub. Cool. So now we have the fork. We want to go ahead and clone using the CLI. So go back to the green button. We also might have to open a new command prompt tab because get might not be recognized. And I'm not sure how to do this And you might, well, I don't not try to do this as bash or not. I don't even sure what you're local. We shouldn't have it. It is bash. Is it? Yeah. I mean, we should be able to do. There isn't sure, but. Yeah, I'll type in word. Yeah, I'll type it
And you might, well, I don't not try to do this as bash or not. I don't even sure what you're local. We shouldn't have it. It is bash. Is it? Yeah. I mean, we should be able to do. There isn't sure, but. Yeah, I'll type in word. Yeah, I'll type it Yeah, I'll type it. I'll type in what you can type in to refresh your bash. Okay. This is fun. Your name is Jim. You actually will do this way. See if this works. So it's bash or see that actually reloads your bash or see. And then it will. Yeah, it will then hopefully update your command prompt
Yeah, I'll type it. I'll type in what you can type in to refresh your bash. Okay. This is fun. Your name is Jim. You actually will do this way. See if this works. So it's bash or see that actually reloads your bash or see. And then it will. Yeah, it will then hopefully update your command prompt But if it does it then. I'm all out of windows options. Yeah, no, it doesn't like me. So it's not typing anything. Yeah. I'm just going to close it. We're going to close it. What does he says? Okay. And can I use it in here too to refresh the bash? Yeah, possibly
But if it does it then. I'm all out of windows options. Yeah, no, it doesn't like me. So it's not typing anything. Yeah. I'm just going to close it. We're going to close it. What does he says? Okay. And can I use it in here too to refresh the bash? Yeah, possibly I don't know how to command prompt. If it's connected to bash, you actually have to use the bash thing. But it looks like your keyboard. It's like unplugged or something. What the heck? I don't. I. Me in this computer. It's better than nothing. It's frustrating. All right. Well, I still reset
I don't know how to command prompt. If it's connected to bash, you actually have to use the bash thing. But it looks like your keyboard. It's like unplugged or something. What the heck? I don't. I. Me in this computer. It's better than nothing. It's frustrating. All right. Well, I still reset I restarted my command line. And zoom all the way in. Yeah, can you type in this window? Let's see. Yes. Okay. So you should be able to see is the GH command for cloning. Okay. Copy it from the browser. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I am definitely struggle blessing with this compared to my neck. Cool
I restarted my command line. And zoom all the way in. Yeah, can you type in this window? Let's see. Yes. Okay. So you should be able to see is the GH command for cloning. Okay. Copy it from the browser. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I am definitely struggle blessing with this compared to my neck. Cool Cool. All right. We are now. See the moon. Yeah, this would be. Sure. Okay. So. Yes. Just. I can't find the. I can't find the. The fingerprint. Oh, it failed. Do it again because it will you should have typed in the S. I think I got canceled when you're moving the screen. Yeah. Yeah
Cool. All right. We are now. See the moon. Yeah, this would be. Sure. Okay. So. Yes. Just. I can't find the. I can't find the. The fingerprint. Oh, it failed. Do it again because it will you should have typed in the S. I think I got canceled when you're moving the screen. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. So type of yes here. There we go. Yeah. Get hub trust is computer forever now. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. So now we have the repo. So we should be able to. It should be at the. Change directory into the hot repo. Okay. So. CD. Yeah. CD hot. So the keyboard also the T doesn't work
Yeah. Yeah. So type of yes here. There we go. Yeah. Get hub trust is computer forever now. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. So now we have the repo. So we should be able to. It should be at the. Change directory into the hot repo. Okay. So. CD. Yeah. CD hot. So the keyboard also the T doesn't work It either double types it. This has been. This has been. It's been. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Interesting. To say the least. Okay. Cool. So I am in the repo. Yeah. So this is. This is where all the work happens now. So we should always start with a new branch
It either double types it. This has been. This has been. It's been. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Interesting. To say the least. Okay. Cool. So I am in the repo. Yeah. So this is. This is where all the work happens now. So we should always start with a new branch Because like you'll get to the point where you're like, Oh, I'm going to fix the thing. And I'm now. I'm still in the main branch. It's not looked to frown the pod. At least in the open sauce community, if you contribute from your main branch. But it's always nice to have separate branches
Because like you'll get to the point where you're like, Oh, I'm going to fix the thing. And I'm now. I'm still in the main branch. It's not looked to frown the pod. At least in the open sauce community, if you contribute from your main branch. But it's always nice to have separate branches And then you can get the entire repo start over. And you shouldn't have to do that. So if you do get checkout dash B. B. Yeah. Yeah. And then your name of your branch. I'll just call this like what you're going to be working on. I actually in the. The contributing
And then you can get the entire repo start over. And you shouldn't have to do that. So if you do get checkout dash B. B. Yeah. Yeah. And then your name of your branch. I'll just call this like what you're going to be working on. I actually in the. The contributing The contributing. I asked people to put their issue number. In the branch name. It's always easy to look up later. If you're. Is in the branch name. I already forgot what it was. So if you click on open sauce hot. Just below your name. Yeah, right there. Going into back into the issues. Thank you
The contributing. I asked people to put their issue number. In the branch name. It's always easy to look up later. If you're. Is in the branch name. I already forgot what it was. So if you click on open sauce hot. Just below your name. Yeah, right there. Going into back into the issues. Thank you Thank you. So I just do. I just type in three 15 as your branch. And then tailwinds and type or hero and type pattern. Okay. Enter. Yeah, you have to do dashes of the spaces. Because the. It looks like. It's assuming that it's a extra commands after three 15. So. There we go. Now we have a branch
Thank you. So I just do. I just type in three 15 as your branch. And then tailwinds and type or hero and type pattern. Okay. Enter. Yeah, you have to do dashes of the spaces. Because the. It looks like. It's assuming that it's a extra commands after three 15. So. There we go. Now we have a branch Yay. So now the first step for the contributing MD. You should be able to MPMC. I just to make sure you have all the packages local. Like that. Yeah, also I wonder if we're not going to have. MPM. Nope. Oh my gosh. I'm not going to have to do that. I'm not going to have to do that
Yay. So now the first step for the contributing MD. You should be able to MPMC. I just to make sure you have all the packages local. Like that. Yeah, also I wonder if we're not going to have. MPM. Nope. Oh my gosh. I'm not going to have to do that. I'm not going to have to do that So we're actually will have to install node. This is a. I guess we both came in a lot of assumptions before starting this. The other. I guess there is. I mean, there's tons of other options we can use. Besides setting up your entire environment. But we might as well just go ahead and do it. We're
So we're actually will have to install node. This is a. I guess we both came in a lot of assumptions before starting this. The other. I guess there is. I mean, there's tons of other options we can use. Besides setting up your entire environment. But we might as well just go ahead and do it. We're We're. We're here now. Yeah. And it's easy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then I get to set all of this up when I get my new machine again. Yeah. I wish you you'll be a. It'll be a recent memory. So it'll be really quick. Yes. Okay. So I need to install node. And then I need to go ahead and do it
We're. We're here now. Yeah. And it's easy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then I get to set all of this up when I get my new machine again. Yeah. I wish you you'll be a. It'll be a recent memory. So it'll be really quick. Yes. Okay. So I need to install node. And then I need to go ahead and do it And then I need to go ahead and do this. And then I need to go ahead and do this. This in case anybody I just Googled it. But I don't think I Googled right. You get to go to the JS.org and download it from there. Smarter. Much smarter than what I was doing. Okay. Download. Say that one. Maybe
And then I need to go ahead and do this. And then I need to go ahead and do this. This in case anybody I just Googled it. But I don't think I Googled right. You get to go to the JS.org and download it from there. Smarter. Much smarter than what I was doing. Okay. Download. Say that one. Maybe Maybe. What about Vortex? We are really showing someone how to really get started with all of this. Step by step. They're questioning why you're not using 18. 18 is the latest one. Yeah, we probably download 18 mainly because you're going to have to
Maybe. What about Vortex? We are really showing someone how to really get started with all of this. Step by step. They're questioning why you're not using 18. 18 is the latest one. Yeah, we probably download 18 mainly because you're going to have to I'm not sure how much code you're going to be out. Now Anthony is saying don't use 18. He always tells me not to use the current one because it's going to be buggy or while I'm learning. Okay, well, what does it solve one of them? It doesn't matter because I'm what we're doing
I'm not sure how much code you're going to be out. Now Anthony is saying don't use 18. He always tells me not to use the current one because it's going to be buggy or while I'm learning. Okay, well, what does it solve one of them? It doesn't matter because I'm what we're doing Either is going to work. I don't know what this dot MSI is though. I think the install for it. I don't know. It's yes, it's preparing. We're doing 18 now. We just I went for it. 18 is what's being installed. Yeah, we don't have any land to worry about. Yes, install
Either is going to work. I don't know what this dot MSI is though. I think the install for it. I don't know. It's yes, it's preparing. We're doing 18 now. We just I went for it. 18 is what's being installed. Yeah, we don't have any land to worry about. Yes, install Yes, install. It's really fun and installing screen. I'll take your word for it. Yeah, so there are a couple other options that I'd probably mentioned for folks who are contributing
Yes, install. It's really fun and installing screen. I'll take your word for it. Yeah, so there are a couple other options that I'd probably mentioned for folks who are contributing Code space is a really good option for folks who want to contribute to open source for the first time, but don't have all this setup or maybe on a Linux machine. Don't know how to get all that setup. Code sandbox is another good option
Code space is a really good option for folks who want to contribute to open source for the first time, but don't have all this setup or maybe on a Linux machine. Don't know how to get all that setup. Code sandbox is another good option It's a watered-down version gives you an environment to run the shell locally. For what we're doing, code sandbox would be more than enough. Stack Blitz is another one, repel it's another one as well. Those are tools that will give you an environment, would get node everything installed right away
It's a watered-down version gives you an environment to run the shell locally. For what we're doing, code sandbox would be more than enough. Stack Blitz is another one, repel it's another one as well. Those are tools that will give you an environment, would get node everything installed right away I need to sort of get on your way to start changing the code up. It's still installing stuff. Yeah, it's going to take some time. While this is working, could we pipe over to the insights product that we could talk about finding open source projects? Yeah, was that the..
I need to sort of get on your way to start changing the code up. It's still installing stuff. Yeah, it's going to take some time. While this is working, could we pipe over to the insights product that we could talk about finding open source projects? Yeah, was that the.... Yeah, so if you're going to open source. Cool, it's like start now. Is the start now? I like the pizza loading screen. Yeah, I want to do. Yeah, so this is... We had mentioned around HACTO.Refs. The one thing that I will question, Vortex, Vortex is working with me on this
.. Yeah, so if you're going to open source. Cool, it's like start now. Is the start now? I like the pizza loading screen. Yeah, I want to do. Yeah, so this is... We had mentioned around HACTO.Refs. The one thing that I will question, Vortex, Vortex is working with me on this It seems like all of our contributions are bunched up to the day. I'm pretty sure we had contributions yesterday. But basically, this is like Ego Eyes view of what's happening in HACTO.Refs. So if you went to repositories on that tab, you'll see a list of HACTO.Refs repositories. Oh, cool
It seems like all of our contributions are bunched up to the day. I'm pretty sure we had contributions yesterday. But basically, this is like Ego Eyes view of what's happening in HACTO.Refs. So if you went to repositories on that tab, you'll see a list of HACTO.Refs repositories. Oh, cool Oh, cool. And these are projects that are opted in. This is a contribution that what's happening at the moment. And if you go down the filter, you can go to recent. And the recent will then give you see where contributions are happening. So good chance if they're actively getting contributions
Oh, cool. And these are projects that are opted in. This is a contribution that what's happening at the moment. And if you go down the filter, you can go to recent. And the recent will then give you see where contributions are happening. So good chance if they're actively getting contributions They'll probably have good first issues that you can also work with as well. Click. Just a little bit to the left. I think the click area is actually too small. Ah. Yeah, it's a. It's a. It's a. Recent. Yes
They'll probably have good first issues that you can also work with as well. Click. Just a little bit to the left. I think the click area is actually too small. Ah. Yeah, it's a. It's a. It's a. Recent. Yes Recent. Yes. So yeah, if you want to contribute to, I don't know what all these are, open a open API generator, lava link, Gotham. Now sure, if any of these projects are, but they're all. They're all enabled to HACTORefs. Oh, this is really cool. Yay. We got to get open-sauce on page one
Recent. Yes. So yeah, if you want to contribute to, I don't know what all these are, open a open API generator, lava link, Gotham. Now sure, if any of these projects are, but they're all. They're all enabled to HACTORefs. Oh, this is really cool. Yay. We got to get open-sauce on page one We will once you merge your contribution, it will be popped up to page one. Once I, want you install it. Okay, really quick. To check and see if it installed the rest of it, it's node-b. Dash v. Yes. Yes. Y'all, that is how. Oh, I probably have to go out. I don't know
We will once you merge your contribution, it will be popped up to page one. Once I, want you install it. Okay, really quick. To check and see if it installed the rest of it, it's node-b. Dash v. Yes. Yes. Y'all, that is how. Oh, I probably have to go out. I don't know I don't know. Yeah, your path might have, you might have to close the prompt again. Yeah. Yeah, let's just close it. Yeah, there is a way that is a command to do that to refresh it, but to be honest, it'll take me along in the Google that too as well. Well, this close. It'll be great. All right
I don't know. Yeah, your path might have, you might have to close the prompt again. Yeah. Yeah, let's just close it. Yeah, there is a way that is a command to do that to refresh it, but to be honest, it'll take me along in the Google that too as well. Well, this close. It'll be great. All right All right. So. Unless someone already mentioned it on the chat, doesn't want to click. Yeah, it's installed. Okay. We've got it. We've got it. Now we can write nbim install now. npmci because we have a lock file. And install. Oh, I was supposed to do whatever. I don't know what this is
All right. So. Unless someone already mentioned it on the chat, doesn't want to click. Yeah, it's installed. Okay. We've got it. We've got it. Now we can write nbim install now. npmci because we have a lock file. And install. Oh, I was supposed to do whatever. I don't know what this is Am I supposed to do npm install ci? No, you have to go into the hot folder. But yes, yeah, that makes. Okay. CI would be better because it'll be a little faster. Okay. And. And. And. Install. CI. Just CI. It's one of the other. So I believe it's probably just going to be installing
Am I supposed to do npm install ci? No, you have to go into the hot folder. But yes, yeah, that makes. Okay. CI would be better because it'll be a little faster. Okay. And. And. And. Install. CI. Just CI. It's one of the other. So I believe it's probably just going to be installing And there's an error message. I don't know what this means. This is. You have to wrong the version. It won't actually work at the team. Okay, there's a way around this. But we won't be able to contribute this up. Can you open up VS code? I don't know. I don't know what would be easier to install
And there's an error message. I don't know what this means. This is. You have to wrong the version. It won't actually work at the team. Okay, there's a way around this. But we won't be able to contribute this up. Can you open up VS code? I don't know. I don't know what would be easier to install A specific node version. On top of what you're to have or just to change the package.json. So like, what we don't we actually end the packs.json. We're actually requiring specific versions. Yeah, we probably should use Volta, but I feel like that's a scope creep at this point. So go into packets
A specific node version. On top of what you're to have or just to change the package.json. So like, what we don't we actually end the packs.json. We're actually requiring specific versions. Yeah, we probably should use Volta, but I feel like that's a scope creep at this point. So go into packets So go into packets.json. And there's going to be three different versions of node. We'll just add your version to the list. And then we'll get by. Yeah, we specifically require specific versions to the unbreak people. Where do I go for that? Click out of this getting started page
So go into packets.json. And there's going to be three different versions of node. We'll just add your version to the list. And then we'll get by. Yeah, we specifically require specific versions to the unbreak people. Where do I go for that? Click out of this getting started page And then I want to go to open folder. Oh, and open the hot. Okay, got it. Yeah. You just scroll down. Go through off a little bit. Up. There you go. Right down the right. Oh, thank you. And select this. Yeah. Always trust. Always trust that opens us. All right
And then I want to go to open folder. Oh, and open the hot. Okay, got it. Yeah. You just scroll down. Go through off a little bit. Up. There you go. Right down the right. Oh, thank you. And select this. Yeah. Always trust. Always trust that opens us. All right All right. And then we need to go to your package.json. And then on the bottom, you had these engines. So wine 22. We could change that to 18. Is it 18.0? I honestly don't know, but it should tell you right there on the bottom. If you scroll all the way down, 18.10. It's in the error message. Yep
All right. And then we need to go to your package.json. And then on the bottom, you had these engines. So wine 22. We could change that to 18. Is it 18.0? I honestly don't know, but it should tell you right there on the bottom. If you scroll all the way down, 18.10. It's in the error message. Yep Yep. So now if you now if you run that same command. Just do it just CI. All right, sorry, NPMCI. Nope. It said, oh, I guess that's not how we can change that. All right. All right. This will be a this will be interesting. We might have to pun to this grab like a repilit clone instead
Yep. So now if you now if you run that same command. Just do it just CI. All right, sorry, NPMCI. Nope. It said, oh, I guess that's not how we can change that. All right. All right. This will be a this will be interesting. We might have to pun to this grab like a repilit clone instead Can I just install the other nodes? So both of them are on here. I guess you can install the 16. Oh, we're talking about saying if you just do NPM install, don't do CI. I guess that makes it. Okay. That makes sense. It's because the the lock file that we're running from. Actually, that's not great
Can I just install the other nodes? So both of them are on here. I guess you can install the 16. Oh, we're talking about saying if you just do NPM install, don't do CI. I guess that makes it. Okay. That makes sense. It's because the the lock file that we're running from. Actually, that's not great That is not what it is. Sorry. I'm like explaining it. Oh, and then the shrink wrap. Okay. So we have to edit it in the file above the package that Jason. You have to change that version as well. Mm hmm. Mm hmm. So line 79. All right. We can comment out the pre install script
That is not what it is. Sorry. I'm like explaining it. Oh, and then the shrink wrap. Okay. So we have to edit it in the file above the package that Jason. You have to change that version as well. Mm hmm. Mm hmm. So line 79. All right. We can comment out the pre install script So if you look for the word pre install. So in the sorry, pack is that Jason. There we go. This comment that line. If you do command backslash, yeah, there we go. You're good. Perfect. Yeah
So if you look for the word pre install. So in the sorry, pack is that Jason. There we go. This comment that line. If you do command backslash, yeah, there we go. You're good. Perfect. Yeah Perfect. Yeah. Contributed to having the good first issues is like this is the pathway to really what you're doing, which is again, this kind of hammers down the point of why it's less about the focus of like what code you're actually fixing and more about just getting a bunch of people to process
Perfect. Yeah. Contributed to having the good first issues is like this is the pathway to really what you're doing, which is again, this kind of hammers down the point of why it's less about the focus of like what code you're actually fixing and more about just getting a bunch of people to process Jason does have a, oh, you have to delete it. Oh, yeah. Technically, that's not a comment. It's just breaking it. And we'll just make sure not to commit that. This is a. This is also anybody who's watching who wants to do documentation updates
Jason does have a, oh, you have to delete it. Oh, yeah. Technically, that's not a comment. It's just breaking it. And we'll just make sure not to commit that. This is a. This is also anybody who's watching who wants to do documentation updates We're clearly finding some edges and documentation that would be perfect to contribute back up stream. Mm hmm. Still a no go. Yeah, it's literally the same error message. And it's because it's mainly because we're enforcing these versions or higher than node 16
We're clearly finding some edges and documentation that would be perfect to contribute back up stream. Mm hmm. Still a no go. Yeah, it's literally the same error message. And it's because it's mainly because we're enforcing these versions or higher than node 16 But it's weird that node 18 want to work because that technically is higher. But change the engines too. We did that. Oh. Bugs and bugs. All right. We could just delete all the engine. All the references to engines. So just delete this one. Yeah. Yeah, you want that 729, line 729
But it's weird that node 18 want to work because that technically is higher. But change the engines too. We did that. Oh. Bugs and bugs. All right. We could just delete all the engine. All the references to engines. So just delete this one. Yeah. Yeah, you want that 729, line 729 Oh, yeah, we're in the rock. Sorry, I do this one. We should do this in the pack site, Jason. The shrink wrap itself. This is the the lock file that comes out of the install. Yeah, you want line 24 as well or line 22. All right. Moment of truth
Oh, yeah, we're in the rock. Sorry, I do this one. We should do this in the pack site, Jason. The shrink wrap itself. This is the the lock file that comes out of the install. Yeah, you want line 24 as well or line 22. All right. Moment of truth Moment of truth. Yeah, it's like a yeah, this is this will be something that we should probably just open issue on. Um, can you actually you know what the thing is about finding good first issues? The best good first issues are the ones you find
Moment of truth. Yeah, it's like a yeah, this is this will be something that we should probably just open issue on. Um, can you actually you know what the thing is about finding good first issues? The best good first issues are the ones you find Um, so can you open an issue in the hot repo and we'll talk through that. Unfortunately, we'll have to pun time making this contribution. Uh, yes, you know, it was like extremely. Uh, this double check to see if you're in the right folder. Oh, yeah, you are. Okay
Um, so can you open an issue in the hot repo and we'll talk through that. Unfortunately, we'll have to pun time making this contribution. Uh, yes, you know, it was like extremely. Uh, this double check to see if you're in the right folder. Oh, yeah, you are. Okay Okay. Let's just open an issue around node 18 and then we'll we'll address this in the upstream in the repo. Okay, give me just a second. Yeah, because I don't know if we're if we have a hard stop. Uh, that's more up to you. Um, I'm good for the moment, but I do have a meeting at in 15 minutes
Okay. Let's just open an issue around node 18 and then we'll we'll address this in the upstream in the repo. Okay, give me just a second. Yeah, because I don't know if we're if we have a hard stop. Uh, that's more up to you. Um, I'm good for the moment, but I do have a meeting at in 15 minutes Yeah. Uh, so we will welcome back to this later on. You'll just be back on the show. Uh, okay. Yeah, so if you just click on new issue, uh, this will give you opportunity to talk about some other stuff. Um, yeah, so I'm a strong believer, not only that good first issue should have
Yeah. Uh, so we will welcome back to this later on. You'll just be back on the show. Uh, okay. Yeah, so if you just click on new issue, uh, this will give you opportunity to talk about some other stuff. Um, yeah, so I'm a strong believer, not only that good first issue should have Should have issue like sort of had to answer it, but also it should be like dead sample to also open up issues. Uh, because like we clearly hit a red block trying to install this on. Windows, um, if we were using like a sort of like NVM or Volta, like we easily just install another version
Should have issue like sort of had to answer it, but also it should be like dead sample to also open up issues. Uh, because like we clearly hit a red block trying to install this on. Windows, um, if we were using like a sort of like NVM or Volta, like we easily just install another version But I don't know if that will work for us and how we can install an older version from the binary without deleting the previous one. Anyway, it becomes more of like a maintenance nightmare to do it that way
But I don't know if that will work for us and how we can install an older version from the binary without deleting the previous one. Anyway, it becomes more of like a maintenance nightmare to do it that way So if you just click on bug report, uh, I would just, uh, created a bug that basically says node 18, no, node V 18, not supported. And uh, I'm curious. Have you seen the issue forms before? No
So if you just click on bug report, uh, I would just, uh, created a bug that basically says node 18, no, node V 18, not supported. And uh, I'm curious. Have you seen the issue forms before? No Um, this is something that I think these were pretty easy, but it's something that I do want to comment on when we do fix the bug and the check mark is like it's in markdown. So I was totally doing it wrong last. So I'm like, I'm planning. I was planning on mentioning this one
Um, this is something that I think these were pretty easy, but it's something that I do want to comment on when we do fix the bug and the check mark is like it's in markdown. So I was totally doing it wrong last. So I'm like, I'm planning. I was planning on mentioning this one This one seems pretty easy. Um, when. And. I. To. Found. Uh, that's it. And. Create. Branch. Machine. Uh. Just. I. Lenin. Uh, they have the engineer message. So if you when you did an MPM install, there was like error message that came out. If you scroll up just a little bit
This one seems pretty easy. Um, when. And. I. To. Found. Uh, that's it. And. Create. Branch. Machine. Uh. Just. I. Lenin. Uh, they have the engineer message. So if you when you did an MPM install, there was like error message that came out. If you scroll up just a little bit I know sorry, it's in the bottom. I see it. So where it says red error, I'd copy just a couple of lines above that. I'll just get all of these. Then it's on. Yeah. Anything. You guys will have it. Yay. Oh, should I have put it in the code version? It makes it a little more easier to read
I know sorry, it's in the bottom. I see it. So where it says red error, I'd copy just a couple of lines above that. I'll just get all of these. Then it's on. Yeah. Anything. You guys will have it. Yay. Oh, should I have put it in the code version? It makes it a little more easier to read That works. Steps to reproduce. Watch. Watch the. I'm sorry. Effective services hot. Yeah, that works. Hello, Chan. I'm breaking stuff. It's fun. Brothers. Chrome. Unity environment. We're technically we give them this link this blank because we're is this more of a contributing bug
That works. Steps to reproduce. Watch. Watch the. I'm sorry. Effective services hot. Yeah, that works. Hello, Chan. I'm breaking stuff. It's fun. Brothers. Chrome. Unity environment. We're technically we give them this link this blank because we're is this more of a contributing bug And actually bug. I agree. I agree. Submit. There we go. Yay. That was fun. Yeah. So the beauty of open sauce is even if we fail, we win by opening up issues. We're not going to be able to do that. We're not going to be able to do that. All right. All right. So we have created issue number 350
And actually bug. I agree. I agree. Submit. There we go. Yay. That was fun. Yeah. So the beauty of open sauce is even if we fail, we win by opening up issues. We're not going to be able to do that. We're not going to be able to do that. All right. All right. So we have created issue number 350 This is exciting. Yeah. We had a good run. There was quite a bit that we went over today. And as a heads up, I will be creating shorter videos talking about how to what open sources, how to find projects, those type of things to kind of recap. But also, finally, a day change referendum principle
This is exciting. Yeah. We had a good run. There was quite a bit that we went over today. And as a heads up, I will be creating shorter videos talking about how to what open sources, how to find projects, those type of things to kind of recap. But also, finally, a day change referendum principle They're going to, you know an issue. These are the free April volunt drive? You're invited to come back again. Hopefully I'll have my normal computer and it'll be working. So that way we can actually go through. We had quite a few more people. What up Cynthia? Thank you for joining
They're going to, you know an issue. These are the free April volunt drive? You're invited to come back again. Hopefully I'll have my normal computer and it'll be working. So that way we can actually go through. We had quite a few more people. What up Cynthia? Thank you for joining More texts I did say hi to you while I was like, slightly panicking, going through all this. Resel, I need you back on the show. Like we need to talk about some get-action and so much more. And yeah, this is everybody that I've been missing at Owen Ramon
More texts I did say hi to you while I was like, slightly panicking, going through all this. Resel, I need you back on the show. Like we need to talk about some get-action and so much more. And yeah, this is everybody that I've been missing at Owen Ramon Literally scrolling up and catching up on all of this. So hi Ramon. And let's see. Oh, Mo, let me know what questions you have. And we can work through getting those put into the next stream and or the videos I'll create. So yes
Literally scrolling up and catching up on all of this. So hi Ramon. And let's see. Oh, Mo, let me know what questions you have. And we can work through getting those put into the next stream and or the videos I'll create. So yes So yes. And we're also trying to get Cynthia to come on to talk to me about apps for Discord, because she knows how to make them. Very exciting. All right, well, goodbye everyone. I hope you have a lovely rest of your Monday. Thank you, B. Duggy, for coming on today
So yes. And we're also trying to get Cynthia to come on to talk to me about apps for Discord, because she knows how to make them. Very exciting. All right, well, goodbye everyone. I hope you have a lovely rest of your Monday. Thank you, B. Duggy, for coming on today And yes, Mo, it is going to be on YouTube. Let me grab that link for you. And eventually I will have enough subscribers on YouTube to be able to have the actual proper name on here. Not just- How many subscribers do you have? On YouTube 59. 59, all right. Anthony is fast. Gonna make it a 60. Yes
And yes, Mo, it is going to be on YouTube. Let me grab that link for you. And eventually I will have enough subscribers on YouTube to be able to have the actual proper name on here. Not just- How many subscribers do you have? On YouTube 59. 59, all right. Anthony is fast. Gonna make it a 60. Yes Yes. Yes. Thank you, BoreTech for helping. Well, thank you for subscribing. And thank you, BoreTechs, for your input. I appreciate it. And everyone have a lovely day. We will let you know when we continue this conversation. So thank you, bye.
Yes. Yes. Thank you, BoreTech for helping. Well, thank you for subscribing. And thank you, BoreTechs, for your input. I appreciate it. And everyone have a lovely day. We will let you know when we continue this conversation. So thank you, bye.