Hello, hello beautiful humans. I am going live to research Hectobrophes stuff. I have literally written down everything that I put in the notes of what I was going to do and I'm like, I have to research stuff so I'll stream it. And that'll help me have the content created So I can stitch it all together and hopefully make this easier for all of you to consume. This is my first Hectobrophest. Hectobrophest. For some reason that's a really hard word to say
So I can stitch it all together and hopefully make this easier for all of you to consume. This is my first Hectobrophest. Hectobrophest. For some reason that's a really hard word to say And it's something that a lot of newbies are doing yet and people that have been in the coding developer engineering realm have done for many years. They've been around for nine years from what I've seen
And it's something that a lot of newbies are doing yet and people that have been in the coding developer engineering realm have done for many years. They've been around for nine years from what I've seen So after we go through like what is open source? We'll go through what is Hectobrophest and like how to contribute, how to find people. And we'll kind of like stack it all together because I feel like you can't really go into what Hectobrophest is without open source but that may make it confusing
So after we go through like what is open source? We'll go through what is Hectobrophest and like how to contribute, how to find people. And we'll kind of like stack it all together because I feel like you can't really go into what Hectobrophest is without open source but that may make it confusing So I'm switching it. We're going to what is Hectobrophest. All right. Let's share my screen. And this is like my favorite song because it's called Feeding the Ducks. Okay. So anybody wants to know. So the where I would look for. So Hectobrophest. Yay
So I'm switching it. We're going to what is Hectobrophest. All right. Let's share my screen. And this is like my favorite song because it's called Feeding the Ducks. Okay. So anybody wants to know. So the where I would look for. So Hectobrophest. Yay Yay. I was looking at this a bit earlier because I haven't even signed up yet. And I didn't realize that you even needed to sign up for Hectobrophest. So that's where we're at. So I just googled Hectobrophest. I am pretty sure that well, I know they are on Twitter too. Let me bring that one up
Yay. I was looking at this a bit earlier because I haven't even signed up yet. And I didn't realize that you even needed to sign up for Hectobrophest. So that's where we're at. So I just googled Hectobrophest. I am pretty sure that well, I know they are on Twitter too. Let me bring that one up And for everyone joining today, like what have you done for Hectobrophest? Why am I like struggling with this? Because they do have a YouTube, they will they probably do. They have a Twitter account. So we got that going. It's one way to also find this information. Yes, I am going live again
And for everyone joining today, like what have you done for Hectobrophest? Why am I like struggling with this? Because they do have a YouTube, they will they probably do. They have a Twitter account. So we got that going. It's one way to also find this information. Yes, I am going live again And hi, Van. Hi, Laura. Yeah. So I'm trying to find out like I be duggie being on the show today just made me really think about how I don't know enough about like open source or Hectobrophest. And I'm like, it's just like it clicks, but it doesn't click. So I'm just breaking it down today
And hi, Van. Hi, Laura. Yeah. So I'm trying to find out like I be duggie being on the show today just made me really think about how I don't know enough about like open source or Hectobrophest. And I'm like, it's just like it clicks, but it doesn't click. So I'm just breaking it down today And I'm going to have to do the research anyway. So might as well record it with all of you. And then piece it together. So Hectobrophest starting with the Twitter. Ah, Venya. Don't worry. It'll be a VOD later. You can come hang out with us
And I'm going to have to do the research anyway. So might as well record it with all of you. And then piece it together. So Hectobrophest starting with the Twitter. Ah, Venya. Don't worry. It'll be a VOD later. You can come hang out with us And plus, Venya, I'm going to see you tomorrow, right? I think. I think. I'm totally don't check that. Then you haven't made any yet? Oh, you did? Okay
And plus, Venya, I'm going to see you tomorrow, right? I think. I think. I'm totally don't check that. Then you haven't made any yet? Oh, you did? Okay Well, Ben, will you send me the link to your repo so I can share that with everyone? Or like, um, and y'all, I don't normally stream on linked in anymore, but I am today because I think it's really important to get more people involved in Hectobrophest
Well, Ben, will you send me the link to your repo so I can share that with everyone? Or like, um, and y'all, I don't normally stream on linked in anymore, but I am today because I think it's really important to get more people involved in Hectobrophest So I'm trying to put it in more places just so that way people can get this information, ask questions. And if they want to join the full conversation with all of you, then they can hop over to Twitch, but just to consume it, you know, hang out on LinkedIn
So I'm trying to put it in more places just so that way people can get this information, ask questions. And if they want to join the full conversation with all of you, then they can hop over to Twitch, but just to consume it, you know, hang out on LinkedIn And yay, Venya and I are hanging out tomorrow. So, Hectobrophest back to that. So this is the official account of Hectobrophest, a month-long celebration for open-source projects, their maintainers, and the entire community of contributors. Yay
And yay, Venya and I are hanging out tomorrow. So, Hectobrophest back to that. So this is the official account of Hectobrophest, a month-long celebration for open-source projects, their maintainers, and the entire community of contributors. Yay Yay. Exactly why I'm going to go a bit deeper into what is Hectobrophest because going into open-source first, I don't think we'll explain the experience and the importance of Hectobrophest
Yay. Exactly why I'm going to go a bit deeper into what is Hectobrophest because going into open-source first, I don't think we'll explain the experience and the importance of Hectobrophest So, if I could, I would have it on like two channels side by side, but I think that would get really confusing. And y'all, uh, to check out Ben's repo is in the chat. So please go check it out. It is a surprise stream
So, if I could, I would have it on like two channels side by side, but I think that would get really confusing. And y'all, uh, to check out Ben's repo is in the chat. So please go check it out. It is a surprise stream What up Anthony? You keep saying that I need to like do my own videos to make sure like I learn how to do this. So, yes, uh, Ben's link, I can uh, go post Ben's link. I needed to do the content so I was like, you know what, I'm just gonna, you know, live stream, me do in the homework
What up Anthony? You keep saying that I need to like do my own videos to make sure like I learn how to do this. So, yes, uh, Ben's link, I can uh, go post Ben's link. I needed to do the content so I was like, you know what, I'm just gonna, you know, live stream, me do in the homework Oh, there you go. And Laura is talking about that, she tried to get more involved with OSS outside the companies, OSS stuff, but you usually get trying to find an issue that you can actually get traction on. Yes, yes
Oh, there you go. And Laura is talking about that, she tried to get more involved with OSS outside the companies, OSS stuff, but you usually get trying to find an issue that you can actually get traction on. Yes, yes Yes, yes. So that is something that we are going to go through today, um, hopefully today because I think we tried to contribute to a project earlier today in my first stream. It did not go great
Yes, yes. So that is something that we are going to go through today, um, hopefully today because I think we tried to contribute to a project earlier today in my first stream. It did not go great So I'm kind of, uh, breaking these two apart of, you know, let's go with Hectobrophest stuff, you know, get the basis, get what OSS is, you know, how to find projects
So I'm kind of, uh, breaking these two apart of, you know, let's go with Hectobrophest stuff, you know, get the basis, get what OSS is, you know, how to find projects And then when I have my computer back and it's all set up, we will go through how to contribute because my computer is not my friend at the moment, because it's not my computer. I killed mine. And thank you, Anthony. Thanks, Ben, for helping with my broken computer stuff
And then when I have my computer back and it's all set up, we will go through how to contribute because my computer is not my friend at the moment, because it's not my computer. I killed mine. And thank you, Anthony. Thanks, Ben, for helping with my broken computer stuff Everyone that works at Microsoft, I love VS Code. Love VS Code. Love VS Code. Not necessarily the operating system. Anyway, carrying on. So we went through their Twitter and now we are going to Hectobrophest.com and our distrations open as Anthony always reminds me, it's never big enough
Everyone that works at Microsoft, I love VS Code. Love VS Code. Love VS Code. Not necessarily the operating system. Anyway, carrying on. So we went through their Twitter and now we are going to Hectobrophest.com and our distrations open as Anthony always reminds me, it's never big enough So yes, I am. Yeah, Ryan, yeah, like what is open source? We are going to do that here soon, promise
So yes, I am. Yeah, Ryan, yeah, like what is open source? We are going to do that here soon, promise So Hectobrophest registration is now open and like, I gotta say, like for whoever's sponsoring these kind of things with like working on a community that isn't always profitable, yet really contributes to humankind and getting us to get further in the world
So Hectobrophest registration is now open and like, I gotta say, like for whoever's sponsoring these kind of things with like working on a community that isn't always profitable, yet really contributes to humankind and getting us to get further in the world That is a big reason I'm passionate about Hectobrophest as the Dougie said it so well earlier. It's like open source is like instead of having to start from ground zero, if somebody else has made the content, it will allow you to like start at step two instead of step one
That is a big reason I'm passionate about Hectobrophest as the Dougie said it so well earlier. It's like open source is like instead of having to start from ground zero, if somebody else has made the content, it will allow you to like start at step two instead of step one And so shout out to digital ocean, app right and docker because they're making it happen for all of us. So definitely want to say shout out to them. All right, so this is also just a very giant screen itself. Y'all can go to Hectobrophest
And so shout out to digital ocean, app right and docker because they're making it happen for all of us. So definitely want to say shout out to them. All right, so this is also just a very giant screen itself. Y'all can go to Hectobrophestcom so you don't have to be stuck on the same screen I am and go up my speed. You can go peruse yourself. So preparing the hack, it does talk about different ways to be able to be a part of the community
com so you don't have to be stuck on the same screen I am and go up my speed. You can go peruse yourself. So preparing the hack, it does talk about different ways to be able to be a part of the community I do like this and we'll be joining the discord here shortly because I want to go through all this together. Yes, yes, go get on thank you Anthony for stopping by. Yes, this is all, you know, I'm gonna work on getting through this, but thank you. So, oh, we can make an event. That's pretty cool
I do like this and we'll be joining the discord here shortly because I want to go through all this together. Yes, yes, go get on thank you Anthony for stopping by. Yes, this is all, you know, I'm gonna work on getting through this, but thank you. So, oh, we can make an event. That's pretty cool That's pretty cool. And then I'm gonna click the how to participate because participation. I also just want to say whoever like built their website, I'm very entertained by it. Yay values. Everyone is welcome. Yay, dig that. Oh, quantity is fun, but quality is key
That's pretty cool. And then I'm gonna click the how to participate because participation. I also just want to say whoever like built their website, I'm very entertained by it. Yay values. Everyone is welcome. Yay, dig that. Oh, quantity is fun, but quality is key For those of you who were able to check out the stream of contributing to open source this morning with the doggie
For those of you who were able to check out the stream of contributing to open source this morning with the doggie This is something that a lot of maintainers talk about because they're like, yo, if somebody just wants to make small changes in hackathon or Hectobrophest, which eight, some people will make just very, very small changes to try to get that check mark of a PR is approved
This is something that a lot of maintainers talk about because they're like, yo, if somebody just wants to make small changes in hackathon or Hectobrophest, which eight, some people will make just very, very small changes to try to get that check mark of a PR is approved So we'll go through that a bit more. I would also highly suggest if you're like new to GitHub or what a PR is. I did a stream when I first started this teach shuntek with Wazal from GitHub
So we'll go through that a bit more. I would also highly suggest if you're like new to GitHub or what a PR is. I did a stream when I first started this teach shuntek with Wazal from GitHub Let me actually go get that link really quick because it is a great way of seeing how all of this is broken down. Yay. Oh my gosh. I don't know if I can wash it though. It was from so long ago
Let me actually go get that link really quick because it is a great way of seeing how all of this is broken down. Yay. Oh my gosh. I don't know if I can wash it though. It was from so long ago For all the other streamers out there, do you ever see your old content in and are like, oh my god, I can't believe you did that. Because that's what I do. But here is Yes. I'm so happy. Thank you, Ben. Thank you because I'm like, uh, getting started. Good. GitHub. There we go. All right
For all the other streamers out there, do you ever see your old content in and are like, oh my god, I can't believe you did that. Because that's what I do. But here is Yes. I'm so happy. Thank you, Ben. Thank you because I'm like, uh, getting started. Good. GitHub. There we go. All right All right. So yes, quantity is fine, but quality is key as a maintainer. Ben, I can only imagine that you agree
All right. So yes, quantity is fine, but quality is key as a maintainer. Ben, I can only imagine that you agree And then a big part of the open source community is the fact that like how to say this because I know we're going to go to open source here soon, but short-term action, long-term impact when people are first getting into the tech world or wanting to come an engineer, a developer advocate, like so many different roles
And then a big part of the open source community is the fact that like how to say this because I know we're going to go to open source here soon, but short-term action, long-term impact when people are first getting into the tech world or wanting to come an engineer, a developer advocate, like so many different roles If they're, if you're able to show that you're contributing on GitHub to open source projects, you're going to learn a lot and be able to contribute to a community that they'll definitely be able to get a lot farther because more
If they're, if you're able to show that you're contributing on GitHub to open source projects, you're going to learn a lot and be able to contribute to a community that they'll definitely be able to get a lot farther because more This is like the one time that it's good to have more chefs in the kitchen or too many hands in the cookie jar because they can, you could say each cookie is built on top of each other
This is like the one time that it's good to have more chefs in the kitchen or too many hands in the cookie jar because they can, you could say each cookie is built on top of each other It is also something that it shows employers that you are working on improving your own knowledge and contributing to others too. Okay. Here we go. These are the details. So here's what you need to know to participate and complete October Fest
It is also something that it shows employers that you are working on improving your own knowledge and contributing to others too. Okay. Here we go. These are the details. So here's what you need to know to participate and complete October Fest Number one, register at any time between September 26 and October 31. We are recording this on October 3rd, so plenty of time to get started. Make sure you go register. And I will go grab that link really quick for you all. Be da da da da. Okay
Number one, register at any time between September 26 and October 31. We are recording this on October 3rd, so plenty of time to get started. Make sure you go register. And I will go grab that link really quick for you all. Be da da da da. Okay Okay. And y'all are just going to get stuck with seeing too many teas or not a tea somewhere. This keyboard and I do not get along. What is not my laptop? So we are going to get through it because better than no laptops since I killed mine. All right
Okay. And y'all are just going to get stuck with seeing too many teas or not a tea somewhere. This keyboard and I do not get along. What is not my laptop? So we are going to get through it because better than no laptops since I killed mine. All right All right. So number two, a plurid quest can be made in any GitHub or GitLab hosted projects that are participating in HACtoberfest. Look for the HACtoberfest topic. I am going to segue into a reference. All right. So yeah. Show my chat is registered. Thank you Ben for sending this to me
All right. So number two, a plurid quest can be made in any GitHub or GitLab hosted projects that are participating in HACtoberfest. Look for the HACtoberfest topic. I am going to segue into a reference. All right. So yeah. Show my chat is registered. Thank you Ben for sending this to me So when you go to somebody's GitHub or GitLab, their repository, you will be able to see that in the here's where the topics are and it shows HACtoberfest
So when you go to somebody's GitHub or GitLab, their repository, you will be able to see that in the here's where the topics are and it shows HACtoberfest Something you can also do to be able to find HACtoberfest if there's different projects that you want to work on is you can actually click the topic. And it will be able to actually go through and show you places that are participating or show you repos that are participating in HACtoberfest
Something you can also do to be able to find HACtoberfest if there's different projects that you want to work on is you can actually click the topic. And it will be able to actually go through and show you places that are participating or show you repos that are participating in HACtoberfest So thank you Ben for letting us use yours as an example. Y'all go contribute there too. All right. So project maintainers must accept your pull merge request for them to count towards your total. Got it. We will be going through that in a bit
So thank you Ben for letting us use yours as an example. Y'all go contribute there too. All right. So project maintainers must accept your pull merge request for them to count towards your total. Got it. We will be going through that in a bit And then have four pull merge requests accepted between October 1st and October 31st to complete the HACtoberfest. Yes. Ryan. Yes. Streaming again. And I love Ben that you were able to join because then you were able to give us show show my dot chat
And then have four pull merge requests accepted between October 1st and October 31st to complete the HACtoberfest. Yes. Ryan. Yes. Streaming again. And I love Ben that you were able to join because then you were able to give us show show my dot chat And I'm excited because there is quite a few friends that I have that are doing open source and are are maintaining for HACtoberfest yet like so many people to give shout outs to like BDuggy with open sauce. Ben with show my dot chat and then Taylor with distribute aid. So there's a lot of options
And I'm excited because there is quite a few friends that I have that are doing open source and are are maintaining for HACtoberfest yet like so many people to give shout outs to like BDuggy with open sauce. Ben with show my dot chat and then Taylor with distribute aid. So there's a lot of options I will post later on. What are some of my favorites? I've named at least three of them. So all right. The first 40,000 participants, maintainers and contributors who can complete HACtoberfest can elect to receive one of two prizes, a tree planted in their name or a HACtoberfest 2022 t-shirt
I will post later on. What are some of my favorites? I've named at least three of them. So all right. The first 40,000 participants, maintainers and contributors who can complete HACtoberfest can elect to receive one of two prizes, a tree planted in their name or a HACtoberfest 2022 t-shirt So guess what? Sign up sooner rather than later because if you wait till the end of the month, I have a feeling you'll probably be out of the 40,000. And there are a lot of resources for beginners. So you got your you can go through all these links
So guess what? Sign up sooner rather than later because if you wait till the end of the month, I have a feeling you'll probably be out of the 40,000. And there are a lot of resources for beginners. So you got your you can go through all these links I'll just open them in a new tab for us real quick. All right. Digital Ocean. Thank you for posting this. They were able to they made a article on introduction to GitHub and open source projects. Probably go through that in a bit to research that one. How to contribute to open source
I'll just open them in a new tab for us real quick. All right. Digital Ocean. Thank you for posting this. They were able to they made a article on introduction to GitHub and open source projects. Probably go through that in a bit to research that one. How to contribute to open source This is from open source dot guide. Yay. Another digital ocean one. What is open source? And digital ocean. How to use Git a reference guide. So these are things that I will be getting to as well in this stream
This is from open source dot guide. Yay. Another digital ocean one. What is open source? And digital ocean. How to use Git a reference guide. So these are things that I will be getting to as well in this stream Now something that as I heads up for everybody, I have a hard time reading through them. I do use a text to voice that really helps me be able to consume the content. I am horribly dyslexic. So there are accessibility tools that really help me
Now something that as I heads up for everybody, I have a hard time reading through them. I do use a text to voice that really helps me be able to consume the content. I am horribly dyslexic. So there are accessibility tools that really help me And if you want to find more out about accessibility, Ben does streaming about all of that and is like your go-to person. Actually wrote a blog that I should just go find this tweet really quick. Then share that because accessibility is a big thing
And if you want to find more out about accessibility, Ben does streaming about all of that and is like your go-to person. Actually wrote a blog that I should just go find this tweet really quick. Then share that because accessibility is a big thing Of course, I'm not going to completely derail the conversation just slightly to share this post. Okay, I posted it on Saturday. It can't be that far down. Or maybe it is. Maybe it's just going to be nowhere. Oh yeah, I found it. It can't be
Of course, I'm not going to completely derail the conversation just slightly to share this post. Okay, I posted it on Saturday. It can't be that far down. Or maybe it is. Maybe it's just going to be nowhere. Oh yeah, I found it. It can't be It can't be. All right, so this link is going to show my experience with voice detects as well as link you to the article that Ben wrote. Hoki-doki. Okay, so this is pretty cool because start contributing
It can't be. All right, so this link is going to show my experience with voice detects as well as link you to the article that Ben wrote. Hoki-doki. Okay, so this is pretty cool because start contributing This is a big reason that I'm making this video is because a list of beginner repos for up for grabs.net and then GitHub repositories, first contributions, and then also awesome for beginners. And then they also have training kits. So in sharpening your skills
This is a big reason that I'm making this video is because a list of beginner repos for up for grabs.net and then GitHub repositories, first contributions, and then also awesome for beginners. And then they also have training kits. So in sharpening your skills So like, you know, training kit, understanding GitHub flow, getting started with GitLab, an introduction to open source. Yeah, I might actually end up doing all these because this is pretty cool. I love the layout. And then it does show you on the main page, like pulling pull merge request details
So like, you know, training kit, understanding GitHub flow, getting started with GitLab, an introduction to open source. Yeah, I might actually end up doing all these because this is pretty cool. I love the layout. And then it does show you on the main page, like pulling pull merge request details Like what is out of bounds? Okay. So can't be anything private that totally makes sense. Repos that go against Hector professed values. Ooh, I dig that one. Spam. Yeah, nobody wants to be spammy. Don't spam. It's not nice. Oh, it needs to be tagged with Hector professed
Like what is out of bounds? Okay. So can't be anything private that totally makes sense. Repos that go against Hector professed values. Ooh, I dig that one. Spam. Yeah, nobody wants to be spammy. Don't spam. It's not nice. Oh, it needs to be tagged with Hector professed As something that I've heard is if it's not tagged as Hector professed, you can check with a maintainer to see if it can be. Yeah, as it heads up, if it doesn't say it, don't guarantee it. And really? Oh, it's labeled as invalid. Gotta be merged. Can't be just like chilling
As something that I've heard is if it's not tagged as Hector professed, you can check with a maintainer to see if it can be. Yeah, as it heads up, if it doesn't say it, don't guarantee it. And really? Oh, it's labeled as invalid. Gotta be merged. Can't be just like chilling And oh, it will take seven day review period. So again, I would highly, highly suggest get this done very early on instead of waiting till the end of the month. So you know if you need to do more or not. Okay. Measure, reduce spam. Read this area. Because you don't want to be spammy
And oh, it will take seven day review period. So again, I would highly, highly suggest get this done very early on instead of waiting till the end of the month. So you know if you need to do more or not. Okay. Measure, reduce spam. Read this area. Because you don't want to be spammy I mean, although I heard that spam is making a comeback, do any of you eat spam? I kind of just grosses me out. Yeah, all of it. But all right. So this part is for maintainers. So like Ben, commenting before beat Dougie, who was on earlier, and also Taylor from Distribute Days as just a few
I mean, although I heard that spam is making a comeback, do any of you eat spam? I kind of just grosses me out. Yeah, all of it. But all right. So this part is for maintainers. So like Ben, commenting before beat Dougie, who was on earlier, and also Taylor from Distribute Days as just a few This is talking them through how to contribute. So this is definitely something that would be helpful if you own an open source repo and you want to be able to share it with others. And then there's rewards for maintainers. Oh. You get a reward kit. That's cool. Okay
This is talking them through how to contribute. So this is definitely something that would be helpful if you own an open source repo and you want to be able to share it with others. And then there's rewards for maintainers. Oh. You get a reward kit. That's cool. Okay That's cool. Okay. Hey, like we can share it on Twitter. We can follow on Discord. I'm excited. All right. So onto the super fun part of this. We got a better understanding of what HaktoproFest is now. Now it's my favorite piece. Learning about open source and fully understanding it
That's cool. Okay. Hey, like we can share it on Twitter. We can follow on Discord. I'm excited. All right. So onto the super fun part of this. We got a better understanding of what HaktoproFest is now. Now it's my favorite piece. Learning about open source and fully understanding it This is something that I've been struggling with. So oh, I didn't even look up. I need a program. These yay Ryan. Thank you. I just looked down and I'm like, yay. I have a subscriber. That is something that is going to happen someday of triggering it. So there are events that pop
This is something that I've been struggling with. So oh, I didn't even look up. I need a program. These yay Ryan. Thank you. I just looked down and I'm like, yay. I have a subscriber. That is something that is going to happen someday of triggering it. So there are events that pop So when we get a subscriber, it is known information. So all right. Except agree. I don't think, not that anybody necessarily wants to hear this, but I don't know if we can share sounds. All right. Well, this is a link to the first one that I'm going to be doing reading
So when we get a subscriber, it is known information. So all right. Except agree. I don't think, not that anybody necessarily wants to hear this, but I don't know if we can share sounds. All right. Well, this is a link to the first one that I'm going to be doing reading I'll be reading out loud and taking notes. So let me know if you all have questions while you're reading it or whatever you're working on. I'll work on explaining it when I get done. Okay. So this definitely came with its links to a bunch of tutorials
I'll be reading out loud and taking notes. So let me know if you all have questions while you're reading it or whatever you're working on. I'll work on explaining it when I get done. Okay. So this definitely came with its links to a bunch of tutorials Sorry, I made it talked to me at the same time. So I do think eventually I'll go through all of these tutorials. It's definitely something that would be beneficial for myself
Sorry, I made it talked to me at the same time. So I do think eventually I'll go through all of these tutorials. It's definitely something that would be beneficial for myself I think right now just like going through this cheat sheet of understanding what's going on in a GitHub cheat sheet, especially with command line, these are things that on this one's bash. Anyway, that oh, yes, yes it is. It is reading the software out loud
I think right now just like going through this cheat sheet of understanding what's going on in a GitHub cheat sheet, especially with command line, these are things that on this one's bash. Anyway, that oh, yes, yes it is. It is reading the software out loud Sorry, I have a really hard time doing it. So I use voice detects or text to voice. There we go. Yeah. And so I do use it. I don't think I can turn it on. So could you guys hear it or was it just my headphones? I think it's just my headphones. And there's a couple out there
Sorry, I have a really hard time doing it. So I use voice detects or text to voice. There we go. Yeah. And so I do use it. I don't think I can turn it on. So could you guys hear it or was it just my headphones? I think it's just my headphones. And there's a couple out there This is the one that I like the best is called Natural Reader. It does have some goofiness in there. Don't get me wrong. Okay, because I saw another share. Okay, I'm going to stop sharing my screen really quick because I thought I saw share share screen. Oh, share system audio
This is the one that I like the best is called Natural Reader. It does have some goofiness in there. Don't get me wrong. Okay, because I saw another share. Okay, I'm going to stop sharing my screen really quick because I thought I saw share share screen. Oh, share system audio See if I can annoy everyone with this one. Okay, oh, okay. Oh, wrong screen though. Damn it. Share screen. This one. This one. This one. Okay, now we're back to normal. Although I'm pretty sure you guys all turn it off
See if I can annoy everyone with this one. Okay, oh, okay. Oh, wrong screen though. Damn it. Share screen. This one. This one. This one. Okay, now we're back to normal. Although I'm pretty sure you guys all turn it off I will turn it off because I'm pretty sure anybody that lists it if you listen to it at the speed I listen to you. I, my partner is like put on headphones if you're going to listen to an audiobook or something. It drives him baddie. So what I do is with Natural Reader
I will turn it off because I'm pretty sure anybody that lists it if you listen to it at the speed I listen to you. I, my partner is like put on headphones if you're going to listen to an audiobook or something. It drives him baddie. So what I do is with Natural Reader Normally if I like click it, it'll start where I want it to. Sometimes I have to highlight it. Maybe. Yeah, see. It's being mean to me. Now you get a reference guy. Get to cheat. Introduction
Normally if I like click it, it'll start where I want it to. Sometimes I have to highlight it. Maybe. Yeah, see. It's being mean to me. Now you get a reference guy. Get to cheat. Introduction Introduction. Teams with developers and open source software may may not typically manage the projects to get a distributed version control system that supports collaboration
Introduction. Teams with developers and open source software may may not typically manage the projects to get a distributed version control system that supports collaboration This cheat sheet style guidelines a quick reference to commands that are useful for working and collaborating in a key repository to install and configure yet. Be sure to read how to contribute to open source getting started with yet. How to use this guide
This cheat sheet style guidelines a quick reference to commands that are useful for working and collaborating in a key repository to install and configure yet. Be sure to read how to contribute to open source getting started with yet. How to use this guide This guide is in cheat sheet format with self-contained command lines and puts jump to a section that is relevant to the past you are trying to complete. When you see highlight test in this guide commands, keep in mind that this test should refer to the comments and files in your own repository
This guide is in cheat sheet format with self-contained command lines and puts jump to a section that is relevant to the past you are trying to complete. When you see highlight test in this guide commands, keep in mind that this test should refer to the comments and files in your own repository Set up initialization. Check your get version with the following. Can you guys hear that? Did I actually click it right? Yeah. Okay. I'm going to turn it off because I know that it really, really bugs people. So I'm going to turn it off again, but that's I do use a Texas speech. Or I can't wait
Set up initialization. Check your get version with the following. Can you guys hear that? Did I actually click it right? Yeah. Okay. I'm going to turn it off because I know that it really, really bugs people. So I'm going to turn it off again, but that's I do use a Texas speech. Or I can't wait Or I can't wait. It just does not compute. What up, Janica? I think I have lipstick on my teeth. Okay. Not anymore. That's good. It is Janica. If you want to come join the conversation to you. We're over on Twitch
Or I can't wait. It just does not compute. What up, Janica? I think I have lipstick on my teeth. Okay. Not anymore. That's good. It is Janica. If you want to come join the conversation to you. We're over on Twitch You're also I can just like relay over and be like, Yo, Janica said all the cool things. And as a heads up, anyone in Denver area or decide or decide that they are going to like visit Denver or something. Janica hosts a a black tech Denver and beat ups like monthly ish. We're going to go with that
You're also I can just like relay over and be like, Yo, Janica said all the cool things. And as a heads up, anyone in Denver area or decide or decide that they are going to like visit Denver or something. Janica hosts a a black tech Denver and beat ups like monthly ish. We're going to go with that And her first one was last month and seriously a ton of people showed up. It was so legit. Thank you for letting me be you know an ally in that. And then what up Jackie? Oh my god. My sister in law is here. Yeah. Yeah. You can do live on LinkedIn
And her first one was last month and seriously a ton of people showed up. It was so legit. Thank you for letting me be you know an ally in that. And then what up Jackie? Oh my god. My sister in law is here. Yeah. Yeah. You can do live on LinkedIn If you don't have like if you have a business page, you have to go through like specific approvals to be able to go live on LinkedIn on your personal page. It just lets me. So nothing I'm aware of. I don't normally host these on LinkedIn anymore
If you don't have like if you have a business page, you have to go through like specific approvals to be able to go live on LinkedIn on your personal page. It just lets me. So nothing I'm aware of. I don't normally host these on LinkedIn anymore I normally just do it through Twitch and technically you do because it's easier just to upload there. But you all can't like see the same conversation. So if you want to join the Twitch conversation, I can go find my Twitch. Gabby. And then believe this will go. Oh, I can't switch on
I normally just do it through Twitch and technically you do because it's easier just to upload there. But you all can't like see the same conversation. So if you want to join the Twitch conversation, I can go find my Twitch. Gabby. And then believe this will go. Oh, I can't switch on This is oh, it does not let me put it to LinkedIn. I have to manually do this shenanigans. Oh, I have to get in my profile. Join me. Why are you so difficult? Okay. There is the link LinkedIn if you want to join the conversation with everyone in Twitch
This is oh, it does not let me put it to LinkedIn. I have to manually do this shenanigans. Oh, I have to get in my profile. Join me. Why are you so difficult? Okay. There is the link LinkedIn if you want to join the conversation with everyone in Twitch That is where these are normally hosted because a lot of people it's not the same conversation when you have places all over but this is for Hectorberfest. So something that I really want to make sure is accessible. Oh, hey, get call out Ryan. Good call out
That is where these are normally hosted because a lot of people it's not the same conversation when you have places all over but this is for Hectorberfest. So something that I really want to make sure is accessible. Oh, hey, get call out Ryan. Good call out Good call out. I don't always think of those kind of things. And I will share my screen but with no audio this time. I don't need to annoy everyone. All right. So. Now I have to go back to this and get refocused. All right
Good call out. I don't always think of those kind of things. And I will share my screen but with no audio this time. I don't need to annoy everyone. All right. So. Now I have to go back to this and get refocused. All right All right. So I did read through this and the digital ocean introduction to get hub and open source projects. I personally think it's still a little confusing if you're talking to like super names. I was a super name like three months ago. Like I kind of knew what it was but not really
All right. So I did read through this and the digital ocean introduction to get hub and open source projects. I personally think it's still a little confusing if you're talking to like super names. I was a super name like three months ago. Like I kind of knew what it was but not really I used to work at Verizon which is a cell phone company in oh gosh. I started in 2007 and I left in 2013 and when I started all they had were like Palm Pilots and goodness gracious
I used to work at Verizon which is a cell phone company in oh gosh. I started in 2007 and I left in 2013 and when I started all they had were like Palm Pilots and goodness gracious Why am I spacing like all like blackberries yes but like also um there are other weird touch screen ones that I don't remember. They had windows once then they had windows phones that were not blackberries or palms. I remember those anyway
Why am I spacing like all like blackberries yes but like also um there are other weird touch screen ones that I don't remember. They had windows once then they had windows phones that were not blackberries or palms. I remember those anyway Those were like the first main smartphones that were out when I started in 2007 and then when Android and iPhone came out I was all about Android and I was like this this is going to be amazing especially because Verizon got iPhone availability about a year after AT&T did
Those were like the first main smartphones that were out when I started in 2007 and then when Android and iPhone came out I was all about Android and I was like this this is going to be amazing especially because Verizon got iPhone availability about a year after AT&T did So I was like all about the Android
So I was like all about the Android I remember the first one it was Motorola slide up with a keyboard it was phenomenal and then I ran into all the glitches because what I did not realize when I explained it to customers when I learned about this myself is Android open source is the same as like open source now
I remember the first one it was Motorola slide up with a keyboard it was phenomenal and then I ran into all the glitches because what I did not realize when I explained it to customers when I learned about this myself is Android open source is the same as like open source now Meaning that it is anybody in the way I would explain it to customers is anyone can create an app for it. Like the code is open and anyone can put it and install something from like other websites than that kind of thing. On iPhones it is harder to do
Meaning that it is anybody in the way I would explain it to customers is anyone can create an app for it. Like the code is open and anyone can put it and install something from like other websites than that kind of thing. On iPhones it is harder to do I believe it's still possible but Apple does if you don't want to like jailbreak your phone or something it is something that Apple will do a rigorous review of everything and then put it into the app store
I believe it's still possible but Apple does if you don't want to like jailbreak your phone or something it is something that Apple will do a rigorous review of everything and then put it into the app store That's like at least how I explained it back in the day and what I did not realize is that how it's like open source is talked about now is let's just do the Google's what is open source. Oh source helps if I can type. Oh there is an open source.com but let's read this one really for really quick
That's like at least how I explained it back in the day and what I did not realize is that how it's like open source is talked about now is let's just do the Google's what is open source. Oh source helps if I can type. Oh there is an open source.com but let's read this one really for really quick All right open source software is a computer software that is released under a license in which copyright holder grants users the rights to use study change and distribute the software in its source code to anyone and for any purpose
All right open source software is a computer software that is released under a license in which copyright holder grants users the rights to use study change and distribute the software in its source code to anyone and for any purpose Open source software may be developed in a collaborative public manner. So think hacktoberfest that is where people can you know contribute openly and be collaborative. Now this is something that I've noticed and if anybody watching knows the answer to this I would I'm so curious
Open source software may be developed in a collaborative public manner. So think hacktoberfest that is where people can you know contribute openly and be collaborative. Now this is something that I've noticed and if anybody watching knows the answer to this I would I'm so curious When we say it out loud now we say open source and you can see here it's called open source software when we type it we type OSS. What? And I believe it's because open source software isn't as common anymore it's more like open source in. Let's see if this helps me
When we say it out loud now we say open source and you can see here it's called open source software when we type it we type OSS. What? And I believe it's because open source software isn't as common anymore it's more like open source in. Let's see if this helps me Open source is a term that is originally referred to as open source software open source software is a code that is designed to be publicly accessible. Anyone can see modify and distribute the code as they see fit. Well thank you Red Hat that is helpful. Let's look at open source.com
Open source is a term that is originally referred to as open source software open source software is a code that is designed to be publicly accessible. Anyone can see modify and distribute the code as they see fit. Well thank you Red Hat that is helpful. Let's look at open source.comcom. Oh yeah so that's a good call then. Thank you. Oh that is a totally good call. All right so when I say OS like earlier I was talking about Android and iPhones is yes thank you everybody that is coming to hang out from bash buddy yay
com. Oh yeah so that's a good call then. Thank you. Oh that is a totally good call. All right so when I say OS like earlier I was talking about Android and iPhones is yes thank you everybody that is coming to hang out from bash buddy yay So from what I remember is that they and just as a heads up for everybody that just came over is we are talking about HACTOBRAFEST for all of our newbies you know who is new to open source who is new to HACTOBRAFEST and we're also going to go like through how to find projects
So from what I remember is that they and just as a heads up for everybody that just came over is we are talking about HACTOBRAFEST for all of our newbies you know who is new to open source who is new to HACTOBRAFEST and we're also going to go like through how to find projects I'm making some videos about this so I was like you know well I figure it all out I might as well stream it so feel free to comment and let us know like if you know the answer to all of this and yes we got rated into you and thank you thank you thank you
I'm making some videos about this so I was like you know well I figure it all out I might as well stream it so feel free to comment and let us know like if you know the answer to all of this and yes we got rated into you and thank you thank you thank you In my name is Jen I am a teach gen tech I wanted to become a dev role and did not have any experience in you know technology in the fact of like learning how to code and stuff so about three months ago I started teach gen tech so that way I can show others how to learn and get guests on ice cream four days a week normally Monday Tuesday Thursday Friday I actually am double streaming today to do this stream so I really appreciate everybody that has shown up and please come hang out more often and let me know my Twitter handle is here if you have questions or ideas or want to be a guest on the show we talk about Python with Laura shoes on here today Ben has been on the show talking about accessibility we also have had people that are going to come on and go through a lot of typescript stuff also I think isn't next week I think it's next week we are actually talking about um Kubernetes and Docker and learning the differences between the two and like what you may use one for instead of the other and vice versa eventually we will be doing a lot of API stuff that's world I will say I grew up in the last couple years yet getting more on this very very um you know not only the overall arching way of APIs but then how do we actually make them so that's where we're going in the future but for now we are looking at defining open source and welcome all right so with open source resources uh we just google this we're trying to see what they say is open source anybody that just joined do you have a good description of what open source is and why it's called you say open source but when you uh type it you say OSS instead of open source software you don't say that out loud anybody knows that history I would love to hear it all right we are going to this one yay um so open source software is a software with source code that anyone can inspect modify and enhance source code is a part of software that is most computers users don't ever see it's the code computer programmers can manipulate to change how a piece of software a programmer application works programmers who have access to a computer program source code can improve that program by adding features to it or fixing parts that don't work correctly oh I actually really really like that definition of it um and I think that's a great way of saying you know like also explaining what source code is because a lot of newbie people may not know the difference between source code and like regular like you know I guess that would be and my hat I'm thinking like CSS and HTML and like those could be source code anybody like Ben or Ryan anybody have like a good definition of code versus source code I can get it into the weeds in this but that is the fun of research versus object code um washington dot edu uh source code is code that hasn't been transpiled in stress i thought you left us nancy hello again interesting workshop craft object code is the executable awesome thank you source code is the human readable text thank you thank you thank you see if i can talk uh workshop craft yay all right so i feel like if we were to say this you can take a step back so what is open source um open source is uh technically open source software where you can uh it's a very collaborative measure that anybody can manipulate the source code and using tools like get hub get lab to be able to do so in repositories that you can fork or clone to be able to make your changes and then submit them to be approved and that is where i think this get hub tool wouldn't uh how do you use get is probably a great oh this is get not get hub i'll have to find a different one um is a really great tool because it's going to let you see how you can um what you can do in get hub that's why i got so excited about this but um that does make sense dude man that's a fun name dude man um well all right this i want to do its own video on and possibly have a guest come on on teach shen tech to talk about this because understanding open source software licenses we talked about that a little bit earlier with the duggy and it was confusing to say the least because it's like the licenses that may go into uh you know what you can use for public versus what you can do with private uh repos oh this is a good definition workshop thank you get is a version control system get hub is a service that hosts your version control system so it can be shared between multiple developers so that was a great way of explaining it thank you um and i saw get on this other one and it came from this introduction to open uh to get hub an open source that i thought it was but if i scroll down yeah it does not say get hub this is get so and that makes a lot more sense all right and then we did for all those that have joined afterwards we're talking about hack toberfest and participating in hack toberfest um i'm good i bet many of you already know what hack toberfest is yet since you're here i'd rather go over it make sure you do know that um hack toberfest does wait there we go contributors so between uh september 26 and october 31st is when you can register highly highly highly suggest doing sooner rather than later especially for those of us that are supernoobs still because you need full merge requests to be approved and if and it can take up to a week to be approved and actually for hack toberfest to see it so i would definitely highly suggest yes we got a ton of positives in there to be able to get started and register sooner rather than later so you can get started on this i feel like we've gone over hack toberfest pretty well we've also gone through um what is open source so next let's go to beginner resources because for start contributing does anybody else just like add up so many tabs that you're like what was i doing with all of these tabs at once i don't know i don't know why i have so many tabs all right so there were a few that but i was given a while ago you need me you try to keep it under 200 tabs oh my gosh i have multiple windows that all have different tabs in them too i like it original speed sir yes all the time my browser is just all tabs yes okay and all right so here are the resources that i have talked about in previous streams or have been given to me today um which is a good first issue they are on twitter as well uh open sauce uh which is open sauce dot pizza's bduggie was on the stream earlier today so love being able to see this and then hack toberfest gave us a few examples as well um which is up for grabs
In my name is Jen I am a teach gen tech I wanted to become a dev role and did not have any experience in you know technology in the fact of like learning how to code and stuff so about three months ago I started teach gen tech so that way I can show others how to learn and get guests on ice cream four days a week normally Monday Tuesday Thursday Friday I actually am double streaming today to do this stream so I really appreciate everybody that has shown up and please come hang out more often and let me know my Twitter handle is here if you have questions or ideas or want to be a guest on the show we talk about Python with Laura shoes on here today Ben has been on the show talking about accessibility we also have had people that are going to come on and go through a lot of typescript stuff also I think isn't next week I think it's next week we are actually talking about um Kubernetes and Docker and learning the differences between the two and like what you may use one for instead of the other and vice versa eventually we will be doing a lot of API stuff that's world I will say I grew up in the last couple years yet getting more on this very very um you know not only the overall arching way of APIs but then how do we actually make them so that's where we're going in the future but for now we are looking at defining open source and welcome all right so with open source resources uh we just google this we're trying to see what they say is open source anybody that just joined do you have a good description of what open source is and why it's called you say open source but when you uh type it you say OSS instead of open source software you don't say that out loud anybody knows that history I would love to hear it all right we are going to this one yay um so open source software is a software with source code that anyone can inspect modify and enhance source code is a part of software that is most computers users don't ever see it's the code computer programmers can manipulate to change how a piece of software a programmer application works programmers who have access to a computer program source code can improve that program by adding features to it or fixing parts that don't work correctly oh I actually really really like that definition of it um and I think that's a great way of saying you know like also explaining what source code is because a lot of newbie people may not know the difference between source code and like regular like you know I guess that would be and my hat I'm thinking like CSS and HTML and like those could be source code anybody like Ben or Ryan anybody have like a good definition of code versus source code I can get it into the weeds in this but that is the fun of research versus object code um washington dot edu uh source code is code that hasn't been transpiled in stress i thought you left us nancy hello again interesting workshop craft object code is the executable awesome thank you source code is the human readable text thank you thank you thank you see if i can talk uh workshop craft yay all right so i feel like if we were to say this you can take a step back so what is open source um open source is uh technically open source software where you can uh it's a very collaborative measure that anybody can manipulate the source code and using tools like get hub get lab to be able to do so in repositories that you can fork or clone to be able to make your changes and then submit them to be approved and that is where i think this get hub tool wouldn't uh how do you use get is probably a great oh this is get not get hub i'll have to find a different one um is a really great tool because it's going to let you see how you can um what you can do in get hub that's why i got so excited about this but um that does make sense dude man that's a fun name dude man um well all right this i want to do its own video on and possibly have a guest come on on teach shen tech to talk about this because understanding open source software licenses we talked about that a little bit earlier with the duggy and it was confusing to say the least because it's like the licenses that may go into uh you know what you can use for public versus what you can do with private uh repos oh this is a good definition workshop thank you get is a version control system get hub is a service that hosts your version control system so it can be shared between multiple developers so that was a great way of explaining it thank you um and i saw get on this other one and it came from this introduction to open uh to get hub an open source that i thought it was but if i scroll down yeah it does not say get hub this is get so and that makes a lot more sense all right and then we did for all those that have joined afterwards we're talking about hack toberfest and participating in hack toberfest um i'm good i bet many of you already know what hack toberfest is yet since you're here i'd rather go over it make sure you do know that um hack toberfest does wait there we go contributors so between uh september 26 and october 31st is when you can register highly highly highly suggest doing sooner rather than later especially for those of us that are supernoobs still because you need full merge requests to be approved and if and it can take up to a week to be approved and actually for hack toberfest to see it so i would definitely highly suggest yes we got a ton of positives in there to be able to get started and register sooner rather than later so you can get started on this i feel like we've gone over hack toberfest pretty well we've also gone through um what is open source so next let's go to beginner resources because for start contributing does anybody else just like add up so many tabs that you're like what was i doing with all of these tabs at once i don't know i don't know why i have so many tabs all right so there were a few that but i was given a while ago you need me you try to keep it under 200 tabs oh my gosh i have multiple windows that all have different tabs in them too i like it original speed sir yes all the time my browser is just all tabs yes okay and all right so here are the resources that i have talked about in previous streams or have been given to me today um which is a good first issue they are on twitter as well uh open sauce uh which is open sauce dot pizza's bduggie was on the stream earlier today so love being able to see this and then hack toberfest gave us a few examples as well um which is up for grabsnet well this is fun Ben we should see if you're on here let's see filter by name show my chat i don't know what goes into this now okay don't worry about it and then we also have first contributions first contributions very cool and again you always want to make sure that they say hack toberfest and funny enough unless i'm like super blind the this one does not say hack toberfest that's not good it's on the website um my crate and a shoe later for that uh and then we have uh munga which is awesome for beginners also does not have hack toberfest i feel like i might be hidden in the mud real quick anyway uh so for open sauce this is a way that you can um get a dashboard to be able to see good first projects uh any repos that you want to like sort by recent um but they're all under hack toberfest so let me go ahead and link all of these yes Ben please do and i'm curious as we have a bunch of people here hanging out today and thank you for coming to hang out who uh what are you guys all working on today okay i know anthony said he was getting ready for the podcast or you should definitely do something for their hack toberfest workshop craft definitely suggest it although it does seem that like you're not a total noobs so ew all right so we got some yay for an interview migrations for a database oh oh i'm getting there i'm getting there i will eventually do probably do something like that and uh uh coder i had my first teach shuntek episode about cidc last week last week two weeks ago i'm gonna scrish this i don't even remember now but it was definitely pretty cool um i would be curious like i want to learn more about it because i feel like it does go through a lot and then dude man installing installing something installing i don't know how to say that cobalt hide new term for me that is always cool uh then yep we got janitoron is interview code enjoy some new tools for a game server uh for old school mmmo mmo rpg who Tyler and i are actually talking about possibly both playing wow and i'm like yay but i do play dnd on friday night and we live streaming on a buddy's channel oh what is it technically is it technically coder or is it coder i'm curious now and uh original speedster goling controller uh kubernetes we're gonna be doing a chat uh here soon bowser all right doing some support stuff cobalt of that does make sense and id e integrated development environment yeah that does make sense Laura you're the opposite with tabs all right that is that is uh that's pretty smart it's pretty smart i don't know i do love my my tabs uh although like i get that like chrome does can link them to get group them which is smart uh coder was taken historically early two thousand on free known so added an extra d then all my platforms followed i get it i get it my get hub i it was like when i first started in the tech world and i didn't know what get hub was for when i worked at an old company so my username that i have on all of my platforms which is my first name last name jen jenn jennod is stuck so my get hub is like the one place that it's not it it's teach gen tech but i'm asking get hub nicely if they will play nice and uh let us let me have it back and i also want to say i feel like i say this a lot thank you then uh for all of the subscriptions and earlier today uh ryan also subscribed and i really really appreciated i my goal is to make this uh so other people can learn from it and that is the entire reason i am making these videos and just going to clip it together so that way somebody doesn't have to watch an hour and a half live stream to gain knowledge about open source or hektoberfest or any of that now i would say i personally think it might be easiest to find new um new projects by going to the hektoberfest topic so i'm going to show bends and y'all show my dot chat it's a great place that you can contribute and there's also a group that you can come join us in discord uh oh y'all uh okay thank you coder good suggestions of asking get hub to release the name so to find good first issues i think are good like you know to find projects and issues i personally think just being able to go to one of the accounts or you can search for topics for hektoberfest is a lot easier way because as we were looking at these other ones that are good first uh contributions they don't have the hektoberfest tag which can make it a lot harder to get your four for the month especially if these are some that are really really busy um also open source is a great one distributed all of those are really good ways of being able to contribute curiosity from everybody watching what are some of your favorite open source projects that you can contribute to now i'll get the other two that i love maybe if my computer wants to load all right so open-source uh be buggy was on here earlier and that will be linked in the youtube video from this and also any videos that i post going forward for this i will be posting all these you yay distributed they are also a really awesome uh project to follow if i can talk and then also if you guys need any ideas or anything like that y'all can also hit me up on twitter this is my twitter name first and last thing and i'm not i'm not gonna try to um contribute today because for all of you that are just joining i did a live stream earlier today and it didn't go great because i killed my laptop last week i have a mac and i am using my partners this week and it's a windows i'm not doing too great it's definitely been tricky so i will be working on that later and i will get these uploaded later today probably maybe on tomorrow please let me know what questions y'all have and also uh if you could click subscribe and like or follow all of the above hit me up on twitter i would greatly appreciate it youtube that is where all my videos go long term is definitely on youtube feel free to comment and let me know if you have questions that is the best way to find me if you're wanting a question about specific parts or if we need to hit up the guest we can do that and get them on the show again a lot of times they say yes the majority of them say yes like Laura and then be duggy also said that he'll be on the show more and Anthony so lots of dope people and y'all have any other questions or things you want me to cover before we end the stream today thanks coder appreciate it yes and thank you everyone that has followed and the subscriptions i greatly greatly appreciate it and i will see you next time and let's see if there's any channels y'all i actually haven't rated i don't know how to raid we're gonna figure this out maybe you guys can go hang out with somebody else cool too you i should definitely do this more often did we how do we raid Laura i don't remember i know but i don't know the name let me go see who it's live right now is that how you do it is just like look up whose life oh see that is totally what i was missing what is life let's see oh there's a dungeon oh okay thank you thank you that's gonna be a lot faster than what i was doing because i was gonna do a Dungeons and Dragons one and i don't know if everybody dnd's so i like your idea better all right well thank you everyone goodbye you
net well this is fun Ben we should see if you're on here let's see filter by name show my chat i don't know what goes into this now okay don't worry about it and then we also have first contributions first contributions very cool and again you always want to make sure that they say hack toberfest and funny enough unless i'm like super blind the this one does not say hack toberfest that's not good it's on the website um my crate and a shoe later for that uh and then we have uh munga which is awesome for beginners also does not have hack toberfest i feel like i might be hidden in the mud real quick anyway uh so for open sauce this is a way that you can um get a dashboard to be able to see good first projects uh any repos that you want to like sort by recent um but they're all under hack toberfest so let me go ahead and link all of these yes Ben please do and i'm curious as we have a bunch of people here hanging out today and thank you for coming to hang out who uh what are you guys all working on today okay i know anthony said he was getting ready for the podcast or you should definitely do something for their hack toberfest workshop craft definitely suggest it although it does seem that like you're not a total noobs so ew all right so we got some yay for an interview migrations for a database oh oh i'm getting there i'm getting there i will eventually do probably do something like that and uh uh coder i had my first teach shuntek episode about cidc last week last week two weeks ago i'm gonna scrish this i don't even remember now but it was definitely pretty cool um i would be curious like i want to learn more about it because i feel like it does go through a lot and then dude man installing installing something installing i don't know how to say that cobalt hide new term for me that is always cool uh then yep we got janitoron is interview code enjoy some new tools for a game server uh for old school mmmo mmo rpg who Tyler and i are actually talking about possibly both playing wow and i'm like yay but i do play dnd on friday night and we live streaming on a buddy's channel oh what is it technically is it technically coder or is it coder i'm curious now and uh original speedster goling controller uh kubernetes we're gonna be doing a chat uh here soon bowser all right doing some support stuff cobalt of that does make sense and id e integrated development environment yeah that does make sense Laura you're the opposite with tabs all right that is that is uh that's pretty smart it's pretty smart i don't know i do love my my tabs uh although like i get that like chrome does can link them to get group them which is smart uh coder was taken historically early two thousand on free known so added an extra d then all my platforms followed i get it i get it my get hub i it was like when i first started in the tech world and i didn't know what get hub was for when i worked at an old company so my username that i have on all of my platforms which is my first name last name jen jenn jennod is stuck so my get hub is like the one place that it's not it it's teach gen tech but i'm asking get hub nicely if they will play nice and uh let us let me have it back and i also want to say i feel like i say this a lot thank you then uh for all of the subscriptions and earlier today uh ryan also subscribed and i really really appreciated i my goal is to make this uh so other people can learn from it and that is the entire reason i am making these videos and just going to clip it together so that way somebody doesn't have to watch an hour and a half live stream to gain knowledge about open source or hektoberfest or any of that now i would say i personally think it might be easiest to find new um new projects by going to the hektoberfest topic so i'm going to show bends and y'all show my dot chat it's a great place that you can contribute and there's also a group that you can come join us in discord uh oh y'all uh okay thank you coder good suggestions of asking get hub to release the name so to find good first issues i think are good like you know to find projects and issues i personally think just being able to go to one of the accounts or you can search for topics for hektoberfest is a lot easier way because as we were looking at these other ones that are good first uh contributions they don't have the hektoberfest tag which can make it a lot harder to get your four for the month especially if these are some that are really really busy um also open source is a great one distributed all of those are really good ways of being able to contribute curiosity from everybody watching what are some of your favorite open source projects that you can contribute to now i'll get the other two that i love maybe if my computer wants to load all right so open-source uh be buggy was on here earlier and that will be linked in the youtube video from this and also any videos that i post going forward for this i will be posting all these you yay distributed they are also a really awesome uh project to follow if i can talk and then also if you guys need any ideas or anything like that y'all can also hit me up on twitter this is my twitter name first and last thing and i'm not i'm not gonna try to um contribute today because for all of you that are just joining i did a live stream earlier today and it didn't go great because i killed my laptop last week i have a mac and i am using my partners this week and it's a windows i'm not doing too great it's definitely been tricky so i will be working on that later and i will get these uploaded later today probably maybe on tomorrow please let me know what questions y'all have and also uh if you could click subscribe and like or follow all of the above hit me up on twitter i would greatly appreciate it youtube that is where all my videos go long term is definitely on youtube feel free to comment and let me know if you have questions that is the best way to find me if you're wanting a question about specific parts or if we need to hit up the guest we can do that and get them on the show again a lot of times they say yes the majority of them say yes like Laura and then be duggy also said that he'll be on the show more and Anthony so lots of dope people and y'all have any other questions or things you want me to cover before we end the stream today thanks coder appreciate it yes and thank you everyone that has followed and the subscriptions i greatly greatly appreciate it and i will see you next time and let's see if there's any channels y'all i actually haven't rated i don't know how to raid we're gonna figure this out maybe you guys can go hang out with somebody else cool too you i should definitely do this more often did we how do we raid Laura i don't remember i know but i don't know the name let me go see who it's live right now is that how you do it is just like look up whose life oh see that is totally what i was missing what is life let's see oh there's a dungeon oh okay thank you thank you that's gonna be a lot faster than what i was doing because i was gonna do a Dungeons and Dragons one and i don't know if everybody dnd's so i like your idea better all right well thank you everyone goodbye you