Hello, hello beautiful humans. Welcome back to another episode of Teach Gen Tech and to the series of learning Python with Laura. I feel like you should be like starting your own channel of learning with Laura and you could teach all the things I've thought about it because there's stuff I want to learn too, but I didn't want to be like stealing your idea. Nah, it's like I feel like everybody has like a different way of doing things. Like learning with Jason is out there. Jason's actually going to be on the show
I've thought about it because there's stuff I want to learn too, but I didn't want to be like stealing your idea. Nah, it's like I feel like everybody has like a different way of doing things. Like learning with Jason is out there. Jason's actually going to be on the show Of course, there's some time. Yeah. That's exciting. It is. And I'm going to be learning from him. I'm excited. So it's all like, you know, even if we have the same ideas, we all learn so differently. So I would sign up. I'd be there. I would show up. So probably going to do that. Just saying
Of course, there's some time. Yeah. That's exciting. It is. And I'm going to be learning from him. I'm excited. So it's all like, you know, even if we have the same ideas, we all learn so differently. So I would sign up. I'd be there. I would show up. So probably going to do that. Just saying Just saying. Just saying. And okay, y'all, just to start, we got to get this in the air elephant in the room. In the areas, especially funny, given what we're about to talk about. I know. Like I don't know, whatever
Just saying. Just saying. And okay, y'all, just to start, we got to get this in the air elephant in the room. In the areas, especially funny, given what we're about to talk about. I know. Like I don't know, whatever We made randomly end our stream today, mattering on how Laura is feeling because Laura. I went to Florence. Yesterday was my daughter's 16th birthday. And we went to Florence in the machine show, which was her request because she's a super cool kid
We made randomly end our stream today, mattering on how Laura is feeling because Laura. I went to Florence. Yesterday was my daughter's 16th birthday. And we went to Florence in the machine show, which was her request because she's a super cool kid And I had forgotten about all of the pot that gets smoked at shows. And I am not opposed to the partaking of the pot. But I had pneumonia two years ago. Not COVID, bizarrely not COVID, but it damaged my lungs
And I had forgotten about all of the pot that gets smoked at shows. And I am not opposed to the partaking of the pot. But I had pneumonia two years ago. Not COVID, bizarrely not COVID, but it damaged my lungs And I'm now like asmatic or like I have highly reactive airways or like however you want to phrase it. Anyway, I'm broken. Lungs are broken. And like by the end of it, I couldn't even stand up anymore. I had to sit down. I couldn't speak. It was really, it was really unpleasant
And I'm now like asmatic or like I have highly reactive airways or like however you want to phrase it. Anyway, I'm broken. Lungs are broken. And like by the end of it, I couldn't even stand up anymore. I had to sit down. I couldn't speak. It was really, it was really unpleasant And I wish that people would use like vapes or edibles or whatever because it's a public space. And you never know what people have going on. And you can't tell to look at people that they have damaged lungs. Right
And I wish that people would use like vapes or edibles or whatever because it's a public space. And you never know what people have going on. And you can't tell to look at people that they have damaged lungs. Right Right. So yeah, that would have been, would it be nice? But so I'm not totally sure how long I'm going to, going to last today. It doesn't hurt anymore, but I can still feel my lungs, which is weird. Yeah. Fair enough. Thank you for sharing
Right. So yeah, that would have been, would it be nice? But so I'm not totally sure how long I'm going to, going to last today. It doesn't hurt anymore, but I can still feel my lungs, which is weird. Yeah. Fair enough. Thank you for sharing It's, and this is something that Lauren and I were talking offline really quick of I'm very asmatic yet like weed and and that kind of thing doesn't really affect me as much as vaping can
It's, and this is something that Lauren and I were talking offline really quick of I'm very asmatic yet like weed and and that kind of thing doesn't really affect me as much as vaping can Like I'm because my partner does vape and it's a lot better than cigarettes, but it is something that there's times where it really affects me. But outside of that, it's normally just exercise induced. And but my mom like she smells anything like perfume lotion, hairspray and she's a goner
Like I'm because my partner does vape and it's a lot better than cigarettes, but it is something that there's times where it really affects me. But outside of that, it's normally just exercise induced. And but my mom like she smells anything like perfume lotion, hairspray and she's a goner Like and I find this interesting to talk about because yesterday I was like, how do you explain to someone what it feels like to have to take your and use your inhaler and the jitters it gives you and then the possible like head and this
Like and I find this interesting to talk about because yesterday I was like, how do you explain to someone what it feels like to have to take your and use your inhaler and the jitters it gives you and then the possible like head and this And then you feel like really spazzy and the feel like you're going to fall asleep because it took your body all of this to heal your lungs. And that while I was cleaning the house yesterday, I experienced that. So you are hidden close to home. I've had it my entire life though
And then you feel like really spazzy and the feel like you're going to fall asleep because it took your body all of this to heal your lungs. And that while I was cleaning the house yesterday, I experienced that. So you are hidden close to home. I've had it my entire life though I so it's just second nature to me, but like getting it from pneumonia, do that's scary. Yeah, it's really weird. But you know, all right. Well, y'all, I'm going to do most of the talking and probably most of the I'm going to go for today and I feel like I need to do this anyway
I so it's just second nature to me, but like getting it from pneumonia, do that's scary. Yeah, it's really weird. But you know, all right. Well, y'all, I'm going to do most of the talking and probably most of the I'm going to go for today and I feel like I need to do this anyway That Laura is just going to be there for backup for today as we go through the next one because I need to start doing a lot of it more on my own. Like I still don't remember all of the command line stuff
That Laura is just going to be there for backup for today as we go through the next one because I need to start doing a lot of it more on my own. Like I still don't remember all of the command line stuff So on that note, I used to tell my students for anyone who's who's tuning in for the first time. I used to be a math professor. I was a math professor at this time last year
So on that note, I used to tell my students for anyone who's who's tuning in for the first time. I used to be a math professor. I was a math professor at this time last year And I used to tell my students that the one who's doing the work is the one who's doing the learning because a lot of times, especially in math class, the students really just want to watch you solve problems and write them down because that's really comfortable and safe
And I used to tell my students that the one who's doing the work is the one who's doing the learning because a lot of times, especially in math class, the students really just want to watch you solve problems and write them down because that's really comfortable and safe And they would get sort of, they would resist a bit when I would say, okay, I've done one now, you know, let's all like struggle through one together. And they'd be like, no, I really want to just watch you do it
And they would get sort of, they would resist a bit when I would say, okay, I've done one now, you know, let's all like struggle through one together. And they'd be like, no, I really want to just watch you do it And like, but the one who's doing the work is the one who's doing the learning and I already know this stuff. You know, yes, yes. And hello, Ian. Ian has been on the show before as well as he livestreams. And because so I don't forget, and somebody was asking me about resumes and stuff
And like, but the one who's doing the work is the one who's doing the learning and I already know this stuff. You know, yes, yes. And hello, Ian. Ian has been on the show before as well as he livestreams. And because so I don't forget, and somebody was asking me about resumes and stuff And I sent them your livestreams. So you might have a random person reaching out. Also, as I'm part of the Denver API meetup group, Ian's going to be presenting, which I'm pretty excited about
And I sent them your livestreams. So you might have a random person reaching out. Also, as I'm part of the Denver API meetup group, Ian's going to be presenting, which I'm pretty excited about And also Ian, because you're here and I don't want to forget again, would love to have you on the show sometime and talk about postman. Because that would be dope. He is the Debrael over at Postman. And yes, Ian, I am learning the Python's. I have not done anything with the lights yet
And also Ian, because you're here and I don't want to forget again, would love to have you on the show sometime and talk about postman. Because that would be dope. He is the Debrael over at Postman. And yes, Ian, I am learning the Python's. I have not done anything with the lights yet He has this really sweet back like, like lighting. I'm on Ian show like two months ago. Oh, yes. Yes. Yes, I will. I'm we're getting there. We're getting there. So on that note, I will share my screen. Soon. There we go. Yeah. Yeah. Isn't Laura great? I adore Laura
He has this really sweet back like, like lighting. I'm on Ian show like two months ago. Oh, yes. Yes. Yes, I will. I'm we're getting there. We're getting there. So on that note, I will share my screen. Soon. There we go. Yeah. Yeah. Isn't Laura great? I adore Laura Laura's on the show every other week. Oh, by the way, Laura, we are with your, you being the very, very first series. We are going to have another series starting with TypeScript. Oh, nice. Yeah. And it is somebody that wrote a book called Learning TypeScript. I'm very excited
Laura's on the show every other week. Oh, by the way, Laura, we are with your, you being the very, very first series. We are going to have another series starting with TypeScript. Oh, nice. Yeah. And it is somebody that wrote a book called Learning TypeScript. I'm very excited I'm very excited. Joshua, Josh Goldberg. Is that a lesson? I think it's a last name. Okay. Well, so this week, we do not have a quiz yet because we did not finish chapter two. I'm going to scroll for a while. We learn to clone your your repo for this new machine. I will. Give me just a second
I'm very excited. Joshua, Josh Goldberg. Is that a lesson? I think it's a last name. Okay. Well, so this week, we do not have a quiz yet because we did not finish chapter two. I'm going to scroll for a while. We learn to clone your your repo for this new machine. I will. Give me just a second But good call. I do need to say a good call because that is. So I'm just kind of going through because we didn't really do too much coding last time. It was, uh, what up, juice. I hope I said your name right? We are learning about Python. And if you have questions, let us know
But good call. I do need to say a good call because that is. So I'm just kind of going through because we didn't really do too much coding last time. It was, uh, what up, juice. I hope I said your name right? We are learning about Python. And if you have questions, let us know Oh, I should put this on the chat actually. Maybe, maybe we'll get there. We will get there. We are working on chapter two of automate the boring stuff from our swagger. Swagger. Yeah. Okay. Yes, I said it right this time. And I will be putting that in here
Oh, I should put this on the chat actually. Maybe, maybe we'll get there. We will get there. We are working on chapter two of automate the boring stuff from our swagger. Swagger. Yeah. Okay. Yes, I said it right this time. And I will be putting that in here We also have the previous streams with Laura. And I have a playlist for that. Let me go grab that. Python series. Yay. Share. Q will be. All right. So, all right. So last time, uh, yes, yes. I'll swagger does do a really dope live stream as well. I've joined or at least like watched it
We also have the previous streams with Laura. And I have a playlist for that. Let me go grab that. Python series. Yay. Share. Q will be. All right. So, all right. So last time, uh, yes, yes. I'll swagger does do a really dope live stream as well. I've joined or at least like watched it And the entire thing I did was talk about like try to get him to show the kittens because he had a lot of kittens. And so that was he was fostering kittens. That was the entire thing that I was getting out of his live stream while he was like replying back to people
And the entire thing I did was talk about like try to get him to show the kittens because he had a lot of kittens. And so that was he was fostering kittens. That was the entire thing that I was getting out of his live stream while he was like replying back to people I was I just want to see the kittens. And then I'll learn Python later. So, uh, but getting back to today's Python, um, we learned about Boolean values, which are like if I say it, it's the if and kind of thing, like is it true or false or is that the comparison? Yes
I was I just want to see the kittens. And then I'll learn Python later. So, uh, but getting back to today's Python, um, we learned about Boolean values, which are like if I say it, it's the if and kind of thing, like is it true or false or is that the comparison? Yes So the Booleans are the true false. Okay. If and the else are flow control, which frequently involve like depend upon Booleans. Okay. Okay. Cool. And, uh, yeah, we just basically went through the majority of this, but I am going to figure this out without having to ask Laura how to do it
So the Booleans are the true false. Okay. If and the else are flow control, which frequently involve like depend upon Booleans. Okay. Okay. Cool. And, uh, yeah, we just basically went through the majority of this, but I am going to figure this out without having to ask Laura how to do it So that way, hopefully, I remember I keep forgetting how to clone my repos and move them to the computer and reupload them, especially with a hactober fast being here. It's I'm like, I should know this. I should know, but I don't. So, there's a question. I know. But all right
So that way, hopefully, I remember I keep forgetting how to clone my repos and move them to the computer and reupload them, especially with a hactober fast being here. It's I'm like, I should know this. I should know, but I don't. So, there's a question. I know. But all right But all right. If I were to google all the things, I would say in CLI create new folder. All right. So we are going to go to, so CD is what moves it and we have folder needs. Okay. It is capital. What? Oh
But all right. If I were to google all the things, I would say in CLI create new folder. All right. So we are going to go to, so CD is what moves it and we have folder needs. Okay. It is capital. What? Oh What? Oh. Is it because I'm not Windows? Um, the Windows doesn't use the Unix command line, which Linux and macOS do, but you can get one, which I would recommend. So I would download Windows subsystem for Linux. There you go. And hello, Ramon. Okay. This makes so much more sense
What? Oh. Is it because I'm not Windows? Um, the Windows doesn't use the Unix command line, which Linux and macOS do, but you can get one, which I would recommend. So I would download Windows subsystem for Linux. There you go. And hello, Ramon. Okay. This makes so much more sense Why can I get this to work the other day? And for everybody, my Mac is still in, in the thing at the repair shop again, because it was not, what? Elevation. That probably means you don't have the like admin permissions. So you need to run as as admin
Why can I get this to work the other day? And for everybody, my Mac is still in, in the thing at the repair shop again, because it was not, what? Elevation. That probably means you don't have the like admin permissions. So you need to run as as admin Um, I can turn remember how to do this in Windows. I haven't used Windows in a bit. So yeah, command terminal, like run, run, yeah, there you go. Run command in Windows. You've got it. I'll be quiet. I know
Um, I can turn remember how to do this in Windows. I haven't used Windows in a bit. So yeah, command terminal, like run, run, yeah, there you go. Run command in Windows. You've got it. I'll be quiet. I know I know. Remember I got to, I got to do the, the searching, searching and what up homie and just the food. That's what I'm going with. I hope it was somewhat accurate. All right. Preck, command prompt. Right click on run as administrator. Okay. Oh pop-ups. Yes. Yes. Oh, hey. Okay. Wee
I know. Remember I got to, I got to do the, the searching, searching and what up homie and just the food. That's what I'm going with. I hope it was somewhat accurate. All right. Preck, command prompt. Right click on run as administrator. Okay. Oh pop-ups. Yes. Yes. Oh, hey. Okay. Wee Oh, hey. Okay. Wee. I hope that is legible. Yeah. I mean, it's good for me anyway. Yeah, it's installing. I don't know this was a thing, but this is a thing. And, uh, glad to see that, um, I can still use the commands that I would on Mac. And I am learning it for what I normally use. But right
Oh, hey. Okay. Wee. I hope that is legible. Yeah. I mean, it's good for me anyway. Yeah, it's installing. I don't know this was a thing, but this is a thing. And, uh, glad to see that, um, I can still use the commands that I would on Mac. And I am learning it for what I normally use. But right But right. This is, um, so for everybody to know, I've bought water all over my Mac like two weeks ago. I brought it in. Oh, did it. I'm not. Yeah. Okay. I don't know what that froze. Um, well, that could make this string very interesting as well. It's a choppy. Okay. Well, okay
But right. This is, um, so for everybody to know, I've bought water all over my Mac like two weeks ago. I brought it in. Oh, did it. I'm not. Yeah. Okay. I don't know what that froze. Um, well, that could make this string very interesting as well. It's a choppy. Okay. Well, okay Okay. Well, okay. So not actually your screen, but just your video, just your camera, your screen is totally normal. Your camera cuts in and out a little bit. Weird. I really want my computer back. Apple, if you can hear me, please give me my laptop back and working. She's
Okay. Well, okay. So not actually your screen, but just your video, just your camera, your screen is totally normal. Your camera cuts in and out a little bit. Weird. I really want my computer back. Apple, if you can hear me, please give me my laptop back and working. She's She's. Why did I just lose you? Oh, Frank. Good call. Nothing wants to work today. My AirPods just disconnected just a second. I'm no longer here. Oh, there we go. You're back. Okay. Defaults. Just leave the the open to default distro. It's fine. I would say
She's. Why did I just lose you? Oh, Frank. Good call. Nothing wants to work today. My AirPods just disconnected just a second. I'm no longer here. Oh, there we go. You're back. Okay. Defaults. Just leave the the open to default distro. It's fine. I would say I would say. So then what I need to run it as an administrator again. Um, what is the next, is there a next step in the install process? So we don't need to change the thing. Yes, we definitely will. Wow. Now it's really big. Um, pre-vec lists it install. I'm just going to see if it works. No. Oh
I would say. So then what I need to run it as an administrator again. Um, what is the next, is there a next step in the install process? So we don't need to change the thing. Yes, we definitely will. Wow. Now it's really big. Um, pre-vec lists it install. I'm just going to see if it works. No. Oh No. Oh. Oh. Okay, cool. Okay, so do you wait. You're not actually in Windows subsystem for Linux, I think. Um, does it say on the in the browser how to run it? Change default Linux distribution installed. This can be changed using the deflag. Yeah, just keep keep scrolling
No. Oh. Oh. Okay, cool. Okay, so do you wait. You're not actually in Windows subsystem for Linux, I think. Um, does it say on the in the browser how to run it? Change default Linux distribution installed. This can be changed using the deflag. Yeah, just keep keep scrolling We're good with the default. Okay. Best practices for setting up a WS all development environment. To oh stop. Go back up. Here we go. That link. Best best practices. Okay, so in case, um, anybody is wondering this is. Okay
We're good with the default. Okay. Best practices for setting up a WS all development environment. To oh stop. Go back up. Here we go. That link. Best best practices. Okay, so in case, um, anybody is wondering this is. Okay Okay. Oh, uh, and a homeie coater, uh, oh, last, soy milk is like the master one of the master magicians at things and stuff. You can put that down for moan as your job title. We've been having to figure out our job titles at suborbital and like what what was going to go on the on the website
Okay. Oh, uh, and a homeie coater, uh, oh, last, soy milk is like the master one of the master magicians at things and stuff. You can put that down for moan as your job title. We've been having to figure out our job titles at suborbital and like what what was going to go on the on the website So, okay, remote has a good one. I'm hoping. I am not. I'm let's put it out there. Good vibes. I am in the interview process somewhere and it's going very well. And upon getting hired, I am hoping that they will let me use develop Cato as my job title. I don't know if they will, but all right
So, okay, remote has a good one. I'm hoping. I am not. I'm let's put it out there. Good vibes. I am in the interview process somewhere and it's going very well. And upon getting hired, I am hoping that they will let me use develop Cato as my job title. I don't know if they will, but all right So get started. You're enabled. It's all in X to simplify and you've already installed. So we get that. Here we go. Once you've got the open the distribution, start using start menu. You will for your Linux distribution. So it might be under W for WSL or you for Ubuntu
So get started. You're enabled. It's all in X to simplify and you've already installed. So we get that. Here we go. Once you've got the open the distribution, start using start menu. You will for your Linux distribution. So it might be under W for WSL or you for Ubuntu I really haven't used windows and such a long time. This is just. Using the start menu. Yeah. Under apps. Where do you see apps? I don't anymore. It's gone now. I think it was showing up because of. There we go. Up there on the top. That's not helpful
I really haven't used windows and such a long time. This is just. Using the start menu. Yeah. Under apps. Where do you see apps? I don't anymore. It's gone now. I think it was showing up because of. There we go. Up there on the top. That's not helpful That's not helpful. But the Frank Freeman suggests we should be able to find it under WSL.exe. Oh, wait, go back. There it is. Run command. Maybe. Yeah. That's it. WSL. I don't need that. You don't have to restart. If I do that's going to be really annoying. Yes. I don't know. No. No
That's not helpful. But the Frank Freeman suggests we should be able to find it under WSL.exe. Oh, wait, go back. There it is. Run command. Maybe. Yeah. That's it. WSL. I don't need that. You don't have to restart. If I do that's going to be really annoying. Yes. I don't know. No. No No. No. I thought I saw it install. At the command prompt type. Yes. I'm highlighting it. Copy it. Just a second. Go over here. There we go. Oh. Usages the WSL. What if you just run like type WSL.exe in the command prompt? For the same thing again, arguments. It's giving the arguments
No. No. I thought I saw it install. At the command prompt type. Yes. I'm highlighting it. Copy it. Just a second. Go over here. There we go. Oh. Usages the WSL. What if you just run like type WSL.exe in the command prompt? For the same thing again, arguments. It's giving the arguments I'm going to go to the first one really quick. And this go up. There we go. When I did the dot dot list, it did the usage of WSL.exe. Oh, no space. I just want this. Now, so you want WSL and then a space and then dash dash list. There we go. So it's listing the distributions or it's supposed to be
I'm going to go to the first one really quick. And this go up. There we go. When I did the dot dot list, it did the usage of WSL.exe. Oh, no space. I just want this. Now, so you want WSL and then a space and then dash dash list. There we go. So it's listing the distributions or it's supposed to be But if no options are specified, the recommended features will be installed along with the what happens if you do install again like WSL space dash dash install? I don't know. Yeah, okay, so you're not you're not running as a min again. Here we go
But if no options are specified, the recommended features will be installed along with the what happens if you do install again like WSL space dash dash install? I don't know. Yeah, okay, so you're not you're not running as a min again. Here we go Here we go. So now it happens if you just run WSL like just just WSL enter. No, okay. Yeah, it's just bringing up the same thing. So we can try the install again. Yeah, we're definitely in admin right now. So something should happen. We're going to go full screen, y'all. That's what I thought
Here we go. So now it happens if you just run WSL like just just WSL enter. No, okay. Yeah, it's just bringing up the same thing. So we can try the install again. Yeah, we're definitely in admin right now. So something should happen. We're going to go full screen, y'all. That's what I thought Windows wants you to restart after every damn thing, I feel like. Yeah. So you can make a new folder without using the command line. If you want. In order to not lose the stream. That's dumb. WSL. No, that's not that's it. It's Windows fault. Yeah, like should make a folder and okay
Windows wants you to restart after every damn thing, I feel like. Yeah. So you can make a new folder without using the command line. If you want. In order to not lose the stream. That's dumb. WSL. No, that's not that's it. It's Windows fault. Yeah, like should make a folder and okay Do you do you do you do you. Gonna do regular, but we'll find out that I need to like figure out how to actually change folders. CMD. Because it was objecting to that earlier. Yeah. And to show full. Yeah, it was objecting to LS and objecting to CD. Okay. So it you might do. Okay, yeah, good idea
Do you do you do you do you. Gonna do regular, but we'll find out that I need to like figure out how to actually change folders. CMD. Because it was objecting to that earlier. Yeah. And to show full. Yeah, it was objecting to LS and objecting to CD. Okay. So it you might do. Okay, yeah, good idea Okay. So now it's fine. I don't know why I was bitching earlier. Okay. You'll have to make. Oh, you've already got one. Never mind. It's directory listing is a unique span and went. Oh, okay. There we go. We have to use. Yeah. Okay, I need to use. Okay. So we need to use. You can't do so. Yeah
Okay. So now it's fine. I don't know why I was bitching earlier. Okay. You'll have to make. Oh, you've already got one. Never mind. It's directory listing is a unique span and went. Oh, okay. There we go. We have to use. Yeah. Okay, I need to use. Okay. So we need to use. You can't do so. Yeah Yeah. So I need. Yeah. Okay. So, you can't do so. Yeah. Okay. All right. We are learning. We're getting in. So. M. And V.K. I. Are. Is the other. You've transposed to the K and the D. It's. call this iPhone. Just in case I
Yeah. So I need. Yeah. Okay. So, you can't do so. Yeah. Okay. All right. We are learning. We're getting in. So. M. And V.K. I. Are. Is the other. You've transposed to the K and the D. It's. call this iPhone. Just in case I Just in case I. Oh, so maybe not because you might also want to be able to have a directory for the Python programming language to live in and it would probably be better for that to be called Python. So I think that's a good idea
Just in case I. Oh, so maybe not because you might also want to be able to have a directory for the Python programming language to live in and it would probably be better for that to be called Python. So I think that's a good idea This is within the code directory so it wouldn't have actually confused the computer but it could confuse. A human. Yeah. In future. All right. We have made the folder and learned lots. Then I can go back to this. Well, I know I'm doing this a little slower than most people would probably want
This is within the code directory so it wouldn't have actually confused the computer but it could confuse. A human. Yeah. In future. All right. We have made the folder and learned lots. Then I can go back to this. Well, I know I'm doing this a little slower than most people would probably want Because I keep getting talked through how to clone and download and upload. So I am trying to do this for myself with, you know, assistance but mostly like, you know, doing the research myself. So if I remember. I want this. Uh, for to download it. And I'm in the proper folder. And I had based
Because I keep getting talked through how to clone and download and upload. So I am trying to do this for myself with, you know, assistance but mostly like, you know, doing the research myself. So if I remember. I want this. Uh, for to download it. And I'm in the proper folder. And I had based And I had based. Yay. Yay. And then. I'm going to use the key. Maybe. Learning. Python. Ah, I don't think there's a yeah, you got it. I'll give you a batch. Oh, nice. Um. I'm going to use the key. Did download it for windows. I thought. Yes, I did download it for windows. And then it gave me this
And I had based. Yay. Yay. And then. I'm going to use the key. Maybe. Learning. Python. Ah, I don't think there's a yeah, you got it. I'll give you a batch. Oh, nice. Um. I'm going to use the key. Did download it for windows. I thought. Yes, I did download it for windows. And then it gave me this Manual of like getting started with them. And. And so that's what you were literally using. And that you ran. Can you is, is get hub repo clone? And I was thinking, wow, that's interesting. I've never seen that syntax before. I usually would use get clone. And then the. URL of the repo
Manual of like getting started with them. And. And so that's what you were literally using. And that you ran. Can you is, is get hub repo clone? And I was thinking, wow, that's interesting. I've never seen that syntax before. I usually would use get clone. And then the. URL of the repo URL of the repo. So that's why. And thank you, uh, Frank for the directory. Because then I was able to look that up for the dir. And then I was able to see the. I mean. I thought. Okay, there we go. And then I want to do code space dot dot code. It would be code dot space
URL of the repo. So that's why. And thank you, uh, Frank for the directory. Because then I was able to look that up for the dir. And then I was able to see the. I mean. I thought. Okay, there we go. And then I want to do code space dot dot code. It would be code dot space And so what the space, what the space in the dot do or what's the dot does is it says everything in this directory open up in. Vs code. We made it. We have made it. Okay, so that made sense for cloning it. So we now have it on the computer. That took a bit, but we made it. Okay
And so what the space, what the space in the dot do or what's the dot does is it says everything in this directory open up in. Vs code. We made it. We have made it. Okay, so that made sense for cloning it. So we now have it on the computer. That took a bit, but we made it. Okay Okay. And now we go back to this one. You did you. We could you. Oh, there we go. Oh, and just for the sake of. Of knowing. Terminology that other people would be using and so on. We wouldn't refer to this usually as downloading or uploading. That is what's going on. And so we're going to do it
Okay. And now we go back to this one. You did you. We could you. Oh, there we go. Oh, and just for the sake of. Of knowing. Terminology that other people would be using and so on. We wouldn't refer to this usually as downloading or uploading. That is what's going on. And so we're going to do it We're going to do it. But sort of in this context, we were to refer to it as like cloning and pulling you like pull from a repo. Or you push to a repo. The words you say make sense. With this then is this a branch that it created because I did the pull and clone. And you created the repo
We're going to do it. But sort of in this context, we were to refer to it as like cloning and pulling you like pull from a repo. Or you push to a repo. The words you say make sense. With this then is this a branch that it created because I did the pull and clone. And you created the repo You can't really have a repo without a branch. It would be like a building without a door. That's kind of fun. Okay. All right. I feel like I have more questions on this, but I don't know how to ask them or examples to use. So we're going to skip that question
You can't really have a repo without a branch. It would be like a building without a door. That's kind of fun. Okay. All right. I feel like I have more questions on this, but I don't know how to ask them or examples to use. So we're going to skip that question So when we were when we left off last time, we were mixing boolean and comparison operators. I am going to see if I can go to the last. Because we were. Oh, there we go. Talking about the actual graphs first before we started trying to code any of it. So that was. Flow charts. Yeah. Yeah
So when we were when we left off last time, we were mixing boolean and comparison operators. I am going to see if I can go to the last. Because we were. Oh, there we go. Talking about the actual graphs first before we started trying to code any of it. So that was. Flow charts. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. The flow charts. So that way it was understanding the concept and then going through to do the coding part. Right. So. Visualizing the flow control. Yes. And we went through. Values. Equal to not equal to. And again, I'm going to post this in. And this is the last one. The last one
Yeah. Yeah. The flow charts. So that way it was understanding the concept and then going through to do the coding part. Right. So. Visualizing the flow control. Yes. And we went through. Values. Equal to not equal to. And again, I'm going to post this in. And this is the last one. The last one The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. Okay. So this again. Is going through more. This is what I like to call more theory based at the moment because we're learning the concepts. Instead of actually coding
The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. The last one. Okay. So this again. Is going through more. This is what I like to call more theory based at the moment because we're learning the concepts. Instead of actually coding And at the moment, I am working on just finding where we were between double equals and equals. The double equals equal to ask whether or not the two values are the same as each other. The operator assignment puts the value on the right into the variable on the left. That makes sense
And at the moment, I am working on just finding where we were between double equals and equals. The double equals equal to ask whether or not the two values are the same as each other. The operator assignment puts the value on the right into the variable on the left. That makes sense That makes sense. And I know we went through that last time. Mm-hmm. Still went through all of this. Do you do you? I'm like the and or the not operator operates on only one bullion value or expression. This makes it a. Unary. You. Unary. Like a unicycle is a one. We'll. Yeah. One. Mm-hmm
That makes sense. And I know we went through that last time. Mm-hmm. Still went through all of this. Do you do you? I'm like the and or the not operator operates on only one bullion value or expression. This makes it a. Unary. You. Unary. Like a unicycle is a one. We'll. Yeah. One. Mm-hmm Yeah. One. Mm-hmm. The not operator simply evaluates the opposite bullion value. So not true is false. Not not not true is true. Okay. So do you want to see why that is the case? Because there's four of them so they cancel out. But if there were five, it would be false
Yeah. One. Mm-hmm. The not operator simply evaluates the opposite bullion value. So not true is false. Not not not true is true. Okay. So do you want to see why that is the case? Because there's four of them so they cancel out. But if there were five, it would be false If you have an even number of knots, they're going to not not each other. You're going to be able to pair up two knots that are going to cancel each other out. But if you have an odd number, then there's always going to be one left. So it would be the same as that there was. Yeah
If you have an even number of knots, they're going to not not each other. You're going to be able to pair up two knots that are going to cancel each other out. But if you have an odd number, then there's always going to be one left. So it would be the same as that there was. Yeah Yeah. If there were five or one, if they're odd. Okay. That part makes sense. We just talked about the not true is false and not false is true. And. This is making sense. And then the way I believe this is kind of where we left off in this
Yeah. If there were five or one, if they're odd. Okay. That part makes sense. We just talked about the not true is false and not false is true. And. This is making sense. And then the way I believe this is kind of where we left off in this The image right here of four is less than five and five is less than six. So it would only do the first equation. So four is less than five. So it's true. And then it does the second equation, five is less than six is true. So true and true makes true. Exactly. All right. And then. Conditions
The image right here of four is less than five and five is less than six. So it would only do the first equation. So four is less than five. So it's true. And then it does the second equation, five is less than six is true. So true and true makes true. Exactly. All right. And then. Conditions Conditions. The Boolean expressions you've seen so far could all be considered conditions, which are the same thing as expressions. Condition is just a more specific name in the context of the flow control statements. Conditions always evaluate down to a Boolean value
Conditions. The Boolean expressions you've seen so far could all be considered conditions, which are the same thing as expressions. Condition is just a more specific name in the context of the flow control statements. Conditions always evaluate down to a Boolean value Through our false, a flow control statement decides what to do based on whether it's condition, it's true or false. And almost every flow control statement is a condition. So like in English, we often colloquially say like refer to the conditions like the weather as the conditions
Through our false, a flow control statement decides what to do based on whether it's condition, it's true or false. And almost every flow control statement is a condition. So like in English, we often colloquially say like refer to the conditions like the weather as the conditions What are the conditions? And it's like, well, if it's raining, then you want to bring an umbrella or something like that. So if the condition is this, then blah, blah, blah. And so we actually use that in human language all the time. And it's exactly the same thing
What are the conditions? And it's like, well, if it's raining, then you want to bring an umbrella or something like that. So if the condition is this, then blah, blah, blah. And so we actually use that in human language all the time. And it's exactly the same thing And expression could be just it is raining where I can just mean is it's raining. So bringing an umbrella. A condition is something that can be true or false. Like it is raining or it is sunny. That kind of thing
And expression could be just it is raining where I can just mean is it's raining. So bringing an umbrella. A condition is something that can be true or false. Like it is raining or it is sunny. That kind of thing That kind of thing. And expression, like so those are examples of expressions, but they're not the only expressions. That part's not too important about what is an expression and what's what's not. Okay. So lines of Python code can be grouped together in blocks
That kind of thing. And expression, like so those are examples of expressions, but they're not the only expressions. That part's not too important about what is an expression and what's what's not. Okay. So lines of Python code can be grouped together in blocks You can tell when a block begins and ends from the indentation of lines of code, there are three rules for blocks. Blocks begin when an indentation increases. Blocks can contain other blocks. Blocks end when the indentation decreases to zero or the containing blocks indentation
You can tell when a block begins and ends from the indentation of lines of code, there are three rules for blocks. Blocks begin when an indentation increases. Blocks can contain other blocks. Blocks end when the indentation decreases to zero or the containing blocks indentation Blocks are easier to understand by looking at some indebted code. Oh. So if that's the case, then we could come over here to the code that we had. And it would be indented here. And then. So what is your goal for indenting some of these? So I was all of the prints. I'm indenting
Blocks are easier to understand by looking at some indebted code. Oh. So if that's the case, then we could come over here to the code that we had. And it would be indented here. And then. So what is your goal for indenting some of these? So I was all of the prints. I'm indenting I'm indenting. Why are you indenting? There you go. In 191. So that way they know that they're part of this one down here. So like this is a start, this is the end
I'm indenting. Why are you indenting? There you go. In 191. So that way they know that they're part of this one down here. So like this is a start, this is the end So all these prints are within it, but these, my name, the year and year age are all part of the print above, but it doesn't like that. So the indentation is communication
So all these prints are within it, but these, my name, the year and year age are all part of the print above, but it doesn't like that. So the indentation is communication So like there isn't because you don't need to nest those print statements beneath that first print statement, it's saying, please don't do this because this isn't communicating anything to me
So like there isn't because you don't need to nest those print statements beneath that first print statement, it's saying, please don't do this because this isn't communicating anything to me It's a bit like in how does it work in Java? I'm trying to think of like languages where it's not indentation dependent, but I think it is in JavaScript. So if you look at the example in the browser, I'm pointing at it like that makes any sense. And worked for me. I was going to get there
It's a bit like in how does it work in Java? I'm trying to think of like languages where it's not indentation dependent, but I think it is in JavaScript. So if you look at the example in the browser, I'm pointing at it like that makes any sense. And worked for me. I was going to get there So we've got the first three lines are all at the same indentation level, right? But then the next one, after if name is equal to Mary, then we have an indentation to say this print statement is part of that if conditional
So we've got the first three lines are all at the same indentation level, right? But then the next one, after if name is equal to Mary, then we have an indentation to say this print statement is part of that if conditional So if this is true, if name is equal to Mary, then we have some things that we can do with that. So those are all part of that if statement. Yeah, because it doesn't like this either. So it was correct beforehand. So it would have no indents. That's right
So if this is true, if name is equal to Mary, then we have some things that we can do with that. So those are all part of that if statement. Yeah, because it doesn't like this either. So it was correct beforehand. So it would have no indents. That's right That's right. These are at the same level of indentation. My mind doesn't like that. Okay. I understand what you're saying and agree. It's more of like if I'm thinking of it as like an email or something, you know, when you're like, it's a sub of this
That's right. These are at the same level of indentation. My mind doesn't like that. Okay. I understand what you're saying and agree. It's more of like if I'm thinking of it as like an email or something, you know, when you're like, it's a sub of this That's because your instincts are super spot on because what you're thinking of eventually, we're going to make into functions. And it will indent exactly as you were sort of as you were into itting. We're going to get there. I'm just not there yet
That's because your instincts are super spot on because what you're thinking of eventually, we're going to make into functions. And it will indent exactly as you were sort of as you were into itting. We're going to get there. I'm just not there yet But you are exactly that's exactly the way that we want to be thinking. That's direction we want to be thinking it. Yes. Oh, thank you. Okay. So in the previous program execution in the previous chapters, hello
But you are exactly that's exactly the way that we want to be thinking. That's direction we want to be thinking it. Yes. Oh, thank you. Okay. So in the previous program execution in the previous chapters, hello Pi program Python started executing instruction instructions at the top of the program going down one after another. The program execution or simply execution is a term for the current instruction being executed
Pi program Python started executing instruction instructions at the top of the program going down one after another. The program execution or simply execution is a term for the current instruction being executed If you print the source code on paper and put the finger on your finger on each line as it's executed, you can think of your finger as the program execution. Not all programs execute by simply going straight down
If you print the source code on paper and put the finger on your finger on each line as it's executed, you can think of your finger as the program execution. Not all programs execute by simply going straight down However, if you use your finger to trace through a program with flow control statements, you'll likely find yourself jumping around the source code based on the condition and you'll probably skip entire clauses. That makes sense
However, if you use your finger to trace through a program with flow control statements, you'll likely find yourself jumping around the source code based on the condition and you'll probably skip entire clauses. That makes sense That makes sense. Like if I wanted to do the like hello beautiful humans, if your name was Mary, then it's lovely to meet you Mary. If it's not Mary, by not Mary. Sure. Exactly. Yep. Just a moment. Okay. The most common. It actually read through almost all of this last time
That makes sense. Like if I wanted to do the like hello beautiful humans, if your name was Mary, then it's lovely to meet you Mary. If it's not Mary, by not Mary. Sure. Exactly. Yep. Just a moment. Okay. The most common. It actually read through almost all of this last time I don't know if you want to be just reviewing it or if you want to finish this chapter today. Oh, yeah. What are your goals? And that's that's read as else if it's an abbreviation for else if I feel like this is it's bringing it all back
I don't know if you want to be just reviewing it or if you want to finish this chapter today. Oh, yeah. What are your goals? And that's that's read as else if it's an abbreviation for else if I feel like this is it's bringing it all back So yeah, because I remember the vampire one and you explained why it had to be. Um, greater than 2000. Mm hmm. Okay. More like why the greater than 2000 had to come first. Oh, yeah, because the greater than 2000 or like greater, greater than 100, then you were not Alice granny
So yeah, because I remember the vampire one and you explained why it had to be. Um, greater than 2000. Mm hmm. Okay. More like why the greater than 2000 had to come first. Oh, yeah, because the greater than 2000 or like greater, greater than 100, then you were not Alice granny And then if you do greater than 2000, you're an immortal vampire. That's totally intense. Yeah. Of why they had to come in that order. Uh, now I do not remember this is an event we didn't talk about while loops last time. Sweet. Mm hmm
And then if you do greater than 2000, you're an immortal vampire. That's totally intense. Yeah. Of why they had to come in that order. Uh, now I do not remember this is an event we didn't talk about while loops last time. Sweet. Mm hmm Sweet. Mm hmm. While loops, you can make a block of code execute over and over again using a while statement
Sweet. Mm hmm. While loops, you can make a block of code execute over and over again using a while statement The code in a while clause will be executed as long as the while statements condition is true and code a while statement always consists of the following the keyword, the while keyword, a condition that is an expression that evaluates true or false a colon, starting on the line that is intended in indented block of code cause the while clause
The code in a while clause will be executed as long as the while statements condition is true and code a while statement always consists of the following the keyword, the while keyword, a condition that is an expression that evaluates true or false a colon, starting on the line that is intended in indented block of code cause the while clause You can see that a while statement looks similar to an if statement. The difference in is in how they behave at the end of an if clause. The program execution continues after the if statement
You can see that a while statement looks similar to an if statement. The difference in is in how they behave at the end of an if clause. The program execution continues after the if statement But if, but at the end of a while clause, the program execution jumps back to the start of the while statement, the while clause is often called the while loop or just the loop. Uh, okay. Yeah. How would you turn off a loop then? So, so look at look at what they've got here
But if, but at the end of a while clause, the program execution jumps back to the start of the while statement, the while clause is often called the while loop or just the loop. Uh, okay. Yeah. How would you turn off a loop then? So, so look at look at what they've got here So we've got the same idea expressed in two different ways. We've got it using an if statement and we've got it using a while statement. So these are both totally legit ways of doing the same thing. So we start off with spam is zero
So we've got the same idea expressed in two different ways. We've got it using an if statement and we've got it using a while statement. So these are both totally legit ways of doing the same thing. So we start off with spam is zero And then if spam is less than five, we're going to print hello world and then we're going to add one to spam. We're going to go back up to the top of our if statement. If it's less than five, so now what is spam? What's the value of spam? One. Yeah
And then if spam is less than five, we're going to print hello world and then we're going to add one to spam. We're going to go back up to the top of our if statement. If it's less than five, so now what is spam? What's the value of spam? One. Yeah Yeah. So what's going to happen? It'll be, it'll turn in, well, in the while it would turn into two because it would be two. Both of them. In both of them. How would this one know to restart at the beginning? Oh, sorry, never mind. That's, that's, you are exactly correct
Yeah. So what's going to happen? It'll be, it'll turn in, well, in the while it would turn into two because it would be two. Both of them. In both of them. How would this one know to restart at the beginning? Oh, sorry, never mind. That's, that's, you are exactly correct And I, what I said was exactly incorrect. So yeah, so this, this, the if statement does stop and the while does not. And so that's those are like two different use cases for the same
And I, what I said was exactly incorrect. So yeah, so this, this, the if statement does stop and the while does not. And so that's those are like two different use cases for the same What we can see is inside those indentations, we've got exactly the same code, but different things are going to occur. And how would the while one know when it's going to stop? Like what condition is it evaluating? Oh, while spam is less than five. So once it hits five, it'll stop. That's right
What we can see is inside those indentations, we've got exactly the same code, but different things are going to occur. And how would the while one know when it's going to stop? Like what condition is it evaluating? Oh, while spam is less than five. So once it hits five, it'll stop. That's right That's right. Okay. Okay. This is making more sense. Yep. Uh, and annoying while loop. Here's a small example of a program that will keep asking to type literally your name, select a file, new, open a file editor and enter the following code and save the file, your name. Dot pie. All right
That's right. Okay. Okay. This is making more sense. Yep. Uh, and annoying while loop. Here's a small example of a program that will keep asking to type literally your name, select a file, new, open a file editor and enter the following code and save the file, your name. Dot pie. All right Dot pie. All right. Let's do. I want to do you. There you go. Oh, run, run button. Oh. So in general, I do recommend typing the code, like especially like if it's not, you know, live, I recommend typing it instead of copying and pasting it because it helps get those neural pathways in your brain
Dot pie. All right. Let's do. I want to do you. There you go. Oh, run, run button. Oh. So in general, I do recommend typing the code, like especially like if it's not, you know, live, I recommend typing it instead of copying and pasting it because it helps get those neural pathways in your brain Oh, thank you. I think the Frank Freeman and homey coder. I love Laura's teaching style to you. She, uh, she's the first one that, like I've done this with them. Like I've had career coaches or like, um, she does have the perfect podcast voice. She really does. Oh, this isn't my voice
Oh, thank you. I think the Frank Freeman and homey coder. I love Laura's teaching style to you. She, uh, she's the first one that, like I've done this with them. Like I've had career coaches or like, um, she does have the perfect podcast voice. She really does. Oh, this isn't my voice This is my voice when my lungs are damaged. No, it's still your voice. It's a little bit worse here, but, uh, but not it's still you have like the best deep, like enriching voice. Oh, yeah
This is my voice when my lungs are damaged. No, it's still your voice. It's a little bit worse here, but, uh, but not it's still you have like the best deep, like enriching voice. Oh, yeah It's, but you, you're one of the first people, some speed on the show that I can say, I hate you or glare at you or give you a lot of mean pushback and you're just like, you're still going to have to figure it out because you know that it's me being frustrated as a student, not like anything personal to somebody teaching me
It's, but you, you're one of the first people, some speed on the show that I can say, I hate you or glare at you or give you a lot of mean pushback and you're just like, you're still going to have to figure it out because you know that it's me being frustrated as a student, not like anything personal to somebody teaching me And I love that because you make me work harder and then I remember it more. It's a thing. It's a thing. It is a thing. And I just want to, I agree with all of them. So thank you. You're welcome. Okay. And, and you answer a lot of the, the why questions, which I really struggle with. Same
And I love that because you make me work harder and then I remember it more. It's a thing. It's a thing. It is a thing. And I just want to, I agree with all of them. So thank you. You're welcome. Okay. And, and you answer a lot of the, the why questions, which I really struggle with. Same Same. And that's, that's, uh, that's why we're, we're compatible because in, in a lot of ways, our brains work in the same ways. Oh, it invented it itself. Yes. It's prettier for the win
Same. And that's, that's, uh, that's why we're, we're compatible because in, in a lot of ways, our brains work in the same ways. Oh, it invented it itself. Yes. It's prettier for the win That is probably, I'm going to guess that's not specifically because of prettier, but it's because you, it knows that this should be Python. Um, although we are going to need to select interpreter, but we don't have to do that this moment. We can wait a minute
That is probably, I'm going to guess that's not specifically because of prettier, but it's because you, it knows that this should be Python. Um, although we are going to need to select interpreter, but we don't have to do that this moment. We can wait a minute Why did you go? Me and a Windows keyboard. I'm so excited when I get my laptop back. Hopefully it works this time. Oh, I love it. Yes. Way to go Laura. Oh, name, input. Ease. And. Okay. And. No, that wasn't going to let me, I was seeing if it would like, let me rename it from there
Why did you go? Me and a Windows keyboard. I'm so excited when I get my laptop back. Hopefully it works this time. Oh, I love it. Yes. Way to go Laura. Oh, name, input. Ease. And. Okay. And. No, that wasn't going to let me, I was seeing if it would like, let me rename it from there I want to name you. So, um, yeah, there we go. No, no, no, no, I don't remember. Could you like, they rude? Okay, well, y'all, I'm taking it into another screen type. Okay. Save. Okay. So, um, before you run it, and actually you can't run it yet because we haven't selected an interpreter
I want to name you. So, um, yeah, there we go. No, no, no, no, I don't remember. Could you like, they rude? Okay, well, y'all, I'm taking it into another screen type. Okay. Save. Okay. So, um, before you run it, and actually you can't run it yet because we haven't selected an interpreter But before you run it, let's just talk through what's going on on these lines of code. So, we can predict like this is one of the, one of the best ways to learn is before we run the code and see what's going to happen. We see if we can correctly predict what's going to happen. If that makes sense
But before you run it, let's just talk through what's going on on these lines of code. So, we can predict like this is one of the, one of the best ways to learn is before we run the code and see what's going to happen. We see if we can correctly predict what's going to happen. If that makes sense And I'm guessing also by the way it wrote an annoying while loop is that no matter how many times you enter your name is just going to keep going. So let's figure out if we, let's see if we can figure out why, why that's going to be true. Because it doesn't have a
And I'm guessing also by the way it wrote an annoying while loop is that no matter how many times you enter your name is just going to keep going. So let's figure out if we, let's see if we can figure out why, why that's going to be true. Because it doesn't have a A stopping point like the one up here had back a stopping point. There is a way to make it stop. So let's, let's do the, let's, okay, I'm going to be, I'm going to be pushing and I'm going to say we're literally just going to look at each line of code
A stopping point like the one up here had back a stopping point. There is a way to make it stop. So let's, let's do the, let's, okay, I'm going to be, I'm going to be pushing and I'm going to say we're literally just going to look at each line of code And we're going to examine it and see what's happening. Because there is a way to stop this. Uh, if we put a value in name. We will. So online one, what are we doing? We're saying name equals anything. Actually a very specific thing. An empty string
And we're going to examine it and see what's happening. Because there is a way to stop this. Uh, if we put a value in name. We will. So online one, what are we doing? We're saying name equals anything. Actually a very specific thing. An empty string An empty string. Want an empty string be anything though? Well, no, because like five is a thing, but it's not an empty string. So an empty string would be like if it asked for your name and you just hit enter that would give it an empty string
An empty string. Want an empty string be anything though? Well, no, because like five is a thing, but it's not an empty string. So an empty string would be like if it asked for your name and you just hit enter that would give it an empty string It would not change the fact that it's already an empty string. So then online two, we're saying so while name is, oh, you read it, sorry. Yeah, because you got to save your voice. Uh, while name is not equal to your name print, please type your name name equals input. And which is open
It would not change the fact that it's already an empty string. So then online two, we're saying so while name is, oh, you read it, sorry. Yeah, because you got to save your voice. Uh, while name is not equal to your name print, please type your name name equals input. And which is open And which is open. So then I'll print. Thank you. So, oh, so are they saying that while your name is not your name? So if you type yes, your name, it'll stop. But if it will, you got it. Okay. All right. So I need to. Will this work? If I just do it right here. I don't know. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah
And which is open. So then I'll print. Thank you. So, oh, so are they saying that while your name is not your name? So if you type yes, your name, it'll stop. But if it will, you got it. Okay. All right. So I need to. Will this work? If I just do it right here. I don't know. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah Right. So this is this is a way to run it in the browser. So this isn't the code that you wrote. This is the exact same program lives on this Python tutor dot com. It was already saved here. So it wouldn't matter what you had typed in your in in VS code. This would still look exactly like this
Right. So this is this is a way to run it in the browser. So this isn't the code that you wrote. This is the exact same program lives on this Python tutor dot com. It was already saved here. So it wouldn't matter what you had typed in your in in VS code. This would still look exactly like this So he he typed your name and it ended it. Whereas if he kept writing out, it would keep going. No, this is a very useful tool called Python tutor. So that's because he's already saved this exact program here. But if anybody like Jay always, he has the like Python newsletter
So he he typed your name and it ended it. Whereas if he kept writing out, it would keep going. No, this is a very useful tool called Python tutor. So that's because he's already saved this exact program here. But if anybody like Jay always, he has the like Python newsletter If he wanted to write something to give a demonstration or something, he can use this. I don't know. Ramon. Oh my god. OMG. I use this for visualizing JavaScript for the learners all the time. It's magnificent. What I need about this
If he wanted to write something to give a demonstration or something, he can use this. I don't know. Ramon. Oh my god. OMG. I use this for visualizing JavaScript for the learners all the time. It's magnificent. What I need about this What's really neat about this is that it's showing the the green lines, sorry arrows show the line that you just executed. Like if you click start again. It's going to go through it. Interesting. Wait. No, not that. Go back. Sorry, my bad. I told you to do the wrong thing. Yeah. Oh, that's correct
What's really neat about this is that it's showing the the green lines, sorry arrows show the line that you just executed. Like if you click start again. It's going to go through it. Interesting. Wait. No, not that. Go back. Sorry, my bad. I told you to do the wrong thing. Yeah. Oh, that's correct Oh, that's correct. Sorry. Next if you click next. So it'll it'll keep moving at arrow to show you which line is green line is being executed. The red line is the next one. And if we keep clicking next, it'll keep showing us which line we're executing each time. So first we executed the print
Oh, that's correct. Sorry. Next if you click next. So it'll it'll keep moving at arrow to show you which line is green line is being executed. The red line is the next one. And if we keep clicking next, it'll keep showing us which line we're executing each time. So first we executed the print Please type your name and then put in L. And that is not equal to the string your name. And so we go back through. It's weird that it has this here too. Oh, visual like. Oh, it says right here. Like I was confused why Ramon said he was using it for JavaScript
Please type your name and then put in L. And that is not equal to the string your name. And so we go back through. It's weird that it has this here too. Oh, visual like. Oh, it says right here. Like I was confused why Ramon said he was using it for JavaScript And it says right here you can use it for JavaScript. Okay, that totally makes way more sense. I like this. Okay. Okay. But let's try it again in your editor so that you can run it on your machine. So we need to select an interpreter. If you look at the bottom in sort of like a dark mustard. Yeah
And it says right here you can use it for JavaScript. Okay, that totally makes way more sense. I like this. Okay. Okay. But let's try it again in your editor so that you can run it on your machine. So we need to select an interpreter. If you look at the bottom in sort of like a dark mustard. Yeah Yeah. Okay. So, okay. So Python is not installed. That's because we installed Python maybe two streams ago, but that was on your Mac. And so now we need to install it on windows. So this is such a weird process
Yeah. Okay. So, okay. So Python is not installed. That's because we installed Python maybe two streams ago, but that was on your Mac. And so now we need to install it on windows. So this is such a weird process What? Like you have to know everything that you need to download and remember it all to go machine to machine. So like what if you have like. I guess like if you install if you're getting it from GitHub and it's like cloning it and then re uploading it
What? Like you have to know everything that you need to download and remember it all to go machine to machine. So like what if you have like. I guess like if you install if you're getting it from GitHub and it's like cloning it and then re uploading it And then you can do it on two computers, but it would be like really frustrating. If you don't. Yeah. Yeah. Your dev environment is what you're setting up right now. And yeah, so that can be really frustrating moving from computer to computer
And then you can do it on two computers, but it would be like really frustrating. If you don't. Yeah. Yeah. Your dev environment is what you're setting up right now. And yeah, so that can be really frustrating moving from computer to computer And there are ways of making that a bit less painful as Ramona saying that this is making a good case for cloud coding. So if we were working in VSCode in the browser, we'd be okay. We wouldn't need to be doing that
And there are ways of making that a bit less painful as Ramona saying that this is making a good case for cloud coding. So if we were working in VSCode in the browser, we'd be okay. We wouldn't need to be doing that But the reason that I'm not saying, hey, we should just do that is because if you want to be able, you know, if you do going to be doing this as like for your job, then you have to be able to do it locally for most positions, I would think. Okay. And Ramona gave us some options
But the reason that I'm not saying, hey, we should just do that is because if you want to be able, you know, if you do going to be doing this as like for your job, then you have to be able to do it locally for most positions, I would think. Okay. And Ramona gave us some options Get pod, get hub code spaces, stack Blitz, etc. I dig it. All right. So now, and then now I can hit play, right? Yeah. Run, Python. Run. In this context, we would say run instead of play, but yes, exactly. I'm not giving you this. Look, I'm giving the developers it to play button
Get pod, get hub code spaces, stack Blitz, etc. I dig it. All right. So now, and then now I can hit play, right? Yeah. Run, Python. Run. In this context, we would say run instead of play, but yes, exactly. I'm not giving you this. Look, I'm giving the developers it to play button We're running the program. Yes. Okay. So please type your name. And if I type grand. And then you're in the remote. And then if I say, you're actually, we're going to do this just to see it. So it doesn't do it. Right
We're running the program. Yes. Okay. So please type your name. And if I type grand. And then you're in the remote. And then if I say, you're actually, we're going to do this just to see it. So it doesn't do it. Right Right. So what you were just doing was you were testing what we would call sort of not exactly an edge case, but it's something pretty similar to an edge case where your, you were checking, hey, will it be, will it be really precise in looking for matching the case
Right. So what you were just doing was you were testing what we would call sort of not exactly an edge case, but it's something pretty similar to an edge case where your, you were checking, hey, will it be, will it be really precise in looking for matching the case Like uppercase versus the lower case. And that is exactly the kind of instinct that you need for writing good code. Oh, yay. Okay. So we have gotten through here. And we figured out how to turn it, turn it off. And then. A break statement. I just want to see this actually work
Like uppercase versus the lower case. And that is exactly the kind of instinct that you need for writing good code. Oh, yay. Okay. So we have gotten through here. And we figured out how to turn it, turn it off. And then. A break statement. I just want to see this actually work I like that these are starting to be on there because I feel like it's easier visualization. And like not everyone is going to have a Laura. So these at least help a bit. And. This scales and I don't. Not that I'm only person who teaches Python
I like that these are starting to be on there because I feel like it's easier visualization. And like not everyone is going to have a Laura. So these at least help a bit. And. This scales and I don't. Not that I'm only person who teaches Python But you know, you can for everyone, you could probably find a tutor or start your own live stream. I think everybody read this book. Yeah, is this how I learned Python. Yes, yes, you can tweet people like us and we will reply with answers if needed
But you know, you can for everyone, you could probably find a tutor or start your own live stream. I think everybody read this book. Yeah, is this how I learned Python. Yes, yes, you can tweet people like us and we will reply with answers if needed What are you guys talking about? Locally would be great to use.Files in a repo. Good point. And in fact, okay, let's, there we go. And then. Good point. And in fact, some of these are cloud platform support examples of VX code.Files. It's great. There are so many tools. Oh, my gosh
What are you guys talking about? Locally would be great to use.Files in a repo. Good point. And in fact, okay, let's, there we go. And then. Good point. And in fact, some of these are cloud platform support examples of VX code.Files. It's great. There are so many tools. Oh, my gosh Oh, my gosh. Yes, it's very overwhelming. Mm hmm. Yeah, so we could, we could talk about dot files. If you want, or we could do that on a future stream. If you want to try to get to the end of this chapter today. Yeah, let's do that
Oh, my gosh. Yes, it's very overwhelming. Mm hmm. Yeah, so we could, we could talk about dot files. If you want, or we could do that on a future stream. If you want to try to get to the end of this chapter today. Yeah, let's do that So I'm going to ignore it for a second, but work on remembering it. So I'm going through this kind of fast because I want to see what it does for the break. I don't understand. So let's look at the difference between this programs code and the previous one. If name is equal to you
So I'm going to ignore it for a second, but work on remembering it. So I'm going through this kind of fast because I want to see what it does for the break. I don't understand. So let's look at the difference between this programs code and the previous one. If name is equal to you So here we have that condition instead of having that condition in up next to the while. Like, in the previous program, it was while name is not equal to your name. Do this stuff. And here it just says while true. So if you have while true and you have no break statement, true is always true
So here we have that condition instead of having that condition in up next to the while. Like, in the previous program, it was while name is not equal to your name. Do this stuff. And here it just says while true. So if you have while true and you have no break statement, true is always true And so it would be what's called an infinite loop. Nothing would ever stop it. But if the name is equal to your name. Oops. Did I? Yeah, I just connect to game. Why are you doing this? What's going on here? Is. Okay, we're connected again. Sorry, that all good. I'm not going to say that
And so it would be what's called an infinite loop. Nothing would ever stop it. But if the name is equal to your name. Oops. Did I? Yeah, I just connect to game. Why are you doing this? What's going on here? Is. Okay, we're connected again. Sorry, that all good. I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. You're, you're at least having less computer issues than I am. So I appreciate your patience. But this, this one does make sense. So this one is definitely. And then because we entered your name, it broke the while and it printed. Thank you
I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. You're, you're at least having less computer issues than I am. So I appreciate your patience. But this, this one does make sense. So this one is definitely. And then because we entered your name, it broke the while and it printed. Thank you Thank you. That's right. That's what a break. Okay. So this is the one. Continue statements. Like break statements, continue statements are used inside loops
Thank you. That's right. That's what a break. Okay. So this is the one. Continue statements. Like break statements, continue statements are used inside loops While the program execution reaches a continued statement, the program execution, immediately jumps back to the start of the loop and re-evaluates the loops condition. So I'm guessing. So I'm guessing. So I'm guessing. So like in this one, they're using a password
While the program execution reaches a continued statement, the program execution, immediately jumps back to the start of the loop and re-evaluates the loops condition. So I'm guessing. So I'm guessing. So I'm guessing. So like in this one, they're using a password So if they use the wrong password, it would continue to the front. Or continue to the beginning. Yeah. Or like three attempts. They would add that here to you. How do you not? I think it's my question. Yeah. So you would need to create
So if they use the wrong password, it would continue to the front. Or continue to the beginning. Yeah. Or like three attempts. They would add that here to you. How do you not? I think it's my question. Yeah. So you would need to create Your while loop, maybe instead of saying while true or like you'd, you'd have to say like. You'd have to create a variable that would be storing. The, the number of attempts. And incrementing that number of attempts with each attempt that was made
Your while loop, maybe instead of saying while true or like you'd, you'd have to say like. You'd have to create a variable that would be storing. The, the number of attempts. And incrementing that number of attempts with each attempt that was made And then like while number of attempts is less than. For. Or usually because we do what's called zero indexing. So usually we start in programming. We start our numbers are our counters at zero. So in that case, you would actually say while number of attempts is less than three
And then like while number of attempts is less than. For. Or usually because we do what's called zero indexing. So usually we start in programming. We start our numbers are our counters at zero. So in that case, you would actually say while number of attempts is less than three Because the first one would be zero. And the second one would be one and the third one would be three. That makes sense. And that. That's making me think of. Some react web apps that I've made has the counter automatically built in as the like defaults
Because the first one would be zero. And the second one would be one and the third one would be three. That makes sense. And that. That's making me think of. Some react web apps that I've made has the counter automatically built in as the like defaults So and then being able to see what the counter does and the counter. It does count like just the page visits. But I can see the similarities of that to. Password attempts. Totally different code and I'm talking different languages, but. So you can
So and then being able to see what the counter does and the counter. It does count like just the page visits. But I can see the similarities of that to. Password attempts. Totally different code and I'm talking different languages, but. So you can So you can. Exactly different different ways to use the same concepts, which is great. Nice. Wait, what is what are you guys talking about? Oh, yeah, when she gets off her MacBook to distract her mode off. Thank you, everyone. Thank you. All right
So you can. Exactly different different ways to use the same concepts, which is great. Nice. Wait, what is what are you guys talking about? Oh, yeah, when she gets off her MacBook to distract her mode off. Thank you, everyone. Thank you. All right All right. So, what is talking about what we just talked about? Truthy falsy values. I like truthy falsy values. That sounds way more interesting. Conditions will consider some of the value in other data types equivalent to true and false
All right. So, what is talking about what we just talked about? Truthy falsy values. I like truthy falsy values. That sounds way more interesting. Conditions will consider some of the value in other data types equivalent to true and false When used in conditions, zero comma zero dot zero and empty string are considered false where other values are considered. True. Okay. I feel like a lot of this now is they all generally kind of make sense. It's just going to be more of
When used in conditions, zero comma zero dot zero and empty string are considered false where other values are considered. True. Okay. I feel like a lot of this now is they all generally kind of make sense. It's just going to be more of I'm just scrolling down to see if there's anything like totally crazy. No, that makes sense. I think it's important. I think it's important. I think it's important. I think of it. If you have. You're putting together your your toolkit or something. I'm going to be building something
I'm just scrolling down to see if there's anything like totally crazy. No, that makes sense. I think it's important. I think it's important. I think it's important. I think of it. If you have. You're putting together your your toolkit or something. I'm going to be building something So I need to bring my like building module. So I'm going to put that in my toolkit. But I'm also going to need to be doing some plumbing. So I need to bring like my plumbing kit. I need to put that in my toolbox too. That kind of thing like different modules will be for different
So I need to bring my like building module. So I'm going to put that in my toolkit. But I'm also going to need to be doing some plumbing. So I need to bring like my plumbing kit. I need to put that in my toolbox too. That kind of thing like different modules will be for different Different purposes. I think it's important to have that. You don't have to bring everything with you. Because that would be super heavy. Got it. Yeah, that makes sense. You only want to bring with you with the stuff that you're going to use. I just want to agree with this
Different purposes. I think it's important to have that. You don't have to bring everything with you. Because that would be super heavy. Got it. Yeah, that makes sense. You only want to bring with you with the stuff that you're going to use. I just want to agree with this And this is why I named this project after Laura. I agree with that. I think it's important to have that. I think it's important to have that. So I think it's important to have that
And this is why I named this project after Laura. I agree with that. I think it's important to have that. I think it's important to have that. So I think it's important to have that So I feel like you're getting to a point where we can do what I like to do when I'm learning something is to just sort of skim. Exactly. Like you're doing skim, like headings. And see if anything sort of jumps out at me. But then otherwise I want to just go directly to the exercises
So I feel like you're getting to a point where we can do what I like to do when I'm learning something is to just sort of skim. Exactly. Like you're doing skim, like headings. And see if anything sort of jumps out at me. But then otherwise I want to just go directly to the exercises And then I think that we were starting the exercises at the beginning of the next session because then it's like, do I actually remember it and build off of there? Right. And then I get that it's taken us longer to go through the chapters that way
And then I think that we were starting the exercises at the beginning of the next session because then it's like, do I actually remember it and build off of there? Right. And then I get that it's taken us longer to go through the chapters that way But I feel like I'm remembering a lot more of the previous one. So I am going to start wrapping us up. You all have practice questions for next week. Does anyone have any questions? You can find Laura on her Twitter. Her Twitter is there. And her stream
But I feel like I'm remembering a lot more of the previous one. So I am going to start wrapping us up. You all have practice questions for next week. Does anyone have any questions? You can find Laura on her Twitter. Her Twitter is there. And her stream And her stream. Also, we are streaming to both places right now. And that is. And then we are going to go grab your stream. To make sure that it's in here. Which there we go. Now I'm like, I need to make sure that I'm actually following you. So it makes me sad if I'm not. Okay, thanks Frank
And her stream. Also, we are streaming to both places right now. And that is. And then we are going to go grab your stream. To make sure that it's in here. Which there we go. Now I'm like, I need to make sure that I'm actually following you. So it makes me sad if I'm not. Okay, thanks Frank Okay, thanks Frank. Come join us. We're here every, every other Monday. Laura, what is your screen? Apparently, I don't know. Hey, let me grab a. Oh, I can't, I can't use the regular comments. I can just do private chat. Okay. Hey
Okay, thanks Frank. Come join us. We're here every, every other Monday. Laura, what is your screen? Apparently, I don't know. Hey, let me grab a. Oh, I can't, I can't use the regular comments. I can just do private chat. Okay. Hey Okay. Hey. Oh, that's why I always forget that until you're until I see it, like you're chatting in. And then I'm like, oh, yeah, that's what it is. All right, everybody. Here is Laura's info. Please follow both of us. Feel free to subscribe as well. And we will see you soon
Okay. Hey. Oh, that's why I always forget that until you're until I see it, like you're chatting in. And then I'm like, oh, yeah, that's what it is. All right, everybody. Here is Laura's info. Please follow both of us. Feel free to subscribe as well. And we will see you soon This is very exciting that we have. We are learning more and more about Python. These are things that we definitely want to know your questions to. So either comment, you know, if you can't catch one of them here, please feel free to comment on YouTube or tweet us
This is very exciting that we have. We are learning more and more about Python. These are things that we definitely want to know your questions to. So either comment, you know, if you can't catch one of them here, please feel free to comment on YouTube or tweet us We will do our best to get back to you. And thank you, everyone. Bye. Bye. Bye.
We will do our best to get back to you. And thank you, everyone. Bye. Bye. Bye.