Hello, hello beautiful humans and yes, I was totally doing a dance that nobody could see. They just saw the shoulder motions. Welcome to another episode of Teach Gen Tech. I should at some point really like look up what episode numbers there are so that way I can like track how many there have been Today we have Brittany on the show and Brittany does a ton of stuff but I'm going to let her introduce that. That's a great introduction. That's it. I just do too many things. I never said too many. I said you do a ton
Today we have Brittany on the show and Brittany does a ton of stuff but I'm going to let her introduce that. That's a great introduction. That's it. I just do too many things. I never said too many. I said you do a ton Where is the difference? There is a difference because when people are like, Jen, what do you do? I'm like, I do stuff. I do things and stuff because I think I do too many so I get you there. So thank you Ben. There is a difference. Yay Ben. Who are you and what do you do? Yeah, absolutely
Where is the difference? There is a difference because when people are like, Jen, what do you do? I'm like, I do stuff. I do things and stuff because I think I do too many so I get you there. So thank you Ben. There is a difference. Yay Ben. Who are you and what do you do? Yeah, absolutely So like you said, I do a lot of things but first and foremost, I guess I'm a developer experience engineer and Netlify. We're still trying to figure out what developer experience, DevRel, like developer avocado. What does that mean? But I basically get to do a lot of content like this
So like you said, I do a lot of things but first and foremost, I guess I'm a developer experience engineer and Netlify. We're still trying to figure out what developer experience, DevRel, like developer avocado. What does that mean? But I basically get to do a lot of content like this I get to do a lot of podcasts. So I work with CodingCat.dev. We do a podcast there. I'm on Sbelt Radio. I do remotely interesting with the Netlify folks. What else do I do? I run the Sbelt Sirens. I help run the Sbelt Sirens
I get to do a lot of podcasts. So I work with CodingCat.dev. We do a podcast there. I'm on Sbelt Radio. I do remotely interesting with the Netlify folks. What else do I do? I run the Sbelt Sirens. I help run the Sbelt Sirens I'm the co-founder of that community for women and non-binary people in the Sbelt community, which is what we're kind of here to talk about today with what the Sbelt, right? I love the title. I remember when, so y'all, I just want to say, like, I've talked about this in Twitter spaces
I'm the co-founder of that community for women and non-binary people in the Sbelt community, which is what we're kind of here to talk about today with what the Sbelt, right? I love the title. I remember when, so y'all, I just want to say, like, I've talked about this in Twitter spaces I feel like this is a big thing in the community of like, you don't DM people just like, hey, or hello. I awkwardly DM people like all the time. It's just not hey or hello
I feel like this is a big thing in the community of like, you don't DM people just like, hey, or hello. I awkwardly DM people like all the time. It's just not hey or hello It's a, I was looking at Britney's and this is back in like August and I'm like, I never realized you are you and I follow you on Twitch and then was on your show yesterday too. That is. Yeah. And hi. I feel like this is Jamestack and I'm wearing a Jamestack t-shirt today
It's a, I was looking at Britney's and this is back in like August and I'm like, I never realized you are you and I follow you on Twitch and then was on your show yesterday too. That is. Yeah. And hi. I feel like this is Jamestack and I'm wearing a Jamestack t-shirt today But this is the Jamestack community where you will run into people in places that you don't think you will. And then you'll know people that you don't recognize right away, but you're like, oh, I saw you in this other place
But this is the Jamestack community where you will run into people in places that you don't think you will. And then you'll know people that you don't recognize right away, but you're like, oh, I saw you in this other place And I feel like that happens all the time in this community, which is why I love it. Agreed. Agreed. And good morning, homie. Yes. And I love one of the first things I saw was I feel like now that I spelt. Spelt. Spelt. What the spelt
And I feel like that happens all the time in this community, which is why I love it. Agreed. Agreed. And good morning, homie. Yes. And I love one of the first things I saw was I feel like now that I spelt. Spelt. Spelt. What the spelt What the spelt. Because I kept trying to say spite and I think it's like me getting mixed up with meat invite. So there's actually an emoji. So I'm also doing Viet Comp today. I'm helping moderate the chat and Viet Comp's going all day
What the spelt. Because I kept trying to say spite and I think it's like me getting mixed up with meat invite. So there's actually an emoji. So I'm also doing Viet Comp today. I'm helping moderate the chat and Viet Comp's going all day And so earlier, since it's Viet Comp, we have a spelt and Viet emoji and it's called like spheeps. I don't know how you say it either, but it's the two words like mashed together and it could be that that confusion there. It's a weird, strange world we're living in
And so earlier, since it's Viet Comp, we have a spelt and Viet emoji and it's called like spheeps. I don't know how you say it either, but it's the two words like mashed together and it could be that that confusion there. It's a weird, strange world we're living in I guess all these French words are. Yes. Confusing us. Yes. And on the point of being a developer experience and stuff, you were talking about the yes, yes. That's going to make it even more confusing. Yes. I started using the term develop, Cotto. Yes. Because I'm like, just smash them together
I guess all these French words are. Yes. Confusing us. Yes. And on the point of being a developer experience and stuff, you were talking about the yes, yes. That's going to make it even more confusing. Yes. I started using the term develop, Cotto. Yes. Because I'm like, just smash them together Yeah, I just mush them together. I was like, this is just what I am going to call it is develop Cotto. Done. Yeah. It's just done. And what does that mean? What do we do? Like, nobody knows. Content. Yeah. We create content. I've actually come like, I really like the way Netlify does it
Yeah, I just mush them together. I was like, this is just what I am going to call it is develop Cotto. Done. Yeah. It's just done. And what does that mean? What do we do? Like, nobody knows. Content. Yeah. We create content. I've actually come like, I really like the way Netlify does it They integrate us with the engineering and the pillar teams. So we have like, we're making the experience better for the developers once it's released. So we're actually making sure that the tooling works well for the company you work at
They integrate us with the engineering and the pillar teams. So we have like, we're making the experience better for the developers once it's released. So we're actually making sure that the tooling works well for the company you work at And I really like that format of it more than being like developer marketers have a place, but that is not what we do. We're not marketing Netlify. We're using it and making it better for. Yeah. Okay. So super weird randomness, but lunch stuff
And I really like that format of it more than being like developer marketers have a place, but that is not what we do. We're not marketing Netlify. We're using it and making it better for. Yeah. Okay. So super weird randomness, but lunch stuff I can see the comment in Twitch, but I can't see the comment in Streamyard. Yeah. I noticed that too. Sometimes Twitch does that to us too, because we do this where we push out to YouTube and we push out to Twitch. And if we go live somehow through OBS, Alex does it on his end
I can see the comment in Twitch, but I can't see the comment in Streamyard. Yeah. I noticed that too. Sometimes Twitch does that to us too, because we do this where we push out to YouTube and we push out to Twitch. And if we go live somehow through OBS, Alex does it on his end And it won't show any of the comments from Twitch. It will just show them from YouTube. And it's really strange. Oh, thank you. Thank you, Ben. Coating Cat Hat and I have my Netlify hat over here. Yeah. So sweet. I love it
And it won't show any of the comments from Twitch. It will just show them from YouTube. And it's really strange. Oh, thank you. Thank you, Ben. Coating Cat Hat and I have my Netlify hat over here. Yeah. So sweet. I love it I love it. That is one thing that is too addicting and probably not sustainable at all is all the swag. Oh, I know. And my sticker board is like two full. I actually, I'm really cheap with stickers because I know I only get one or two of them usually
I love it. That is one thing that is too addicting and probably not sustainable at all is all the swag. Oh, I know. And my sticker board is like two full. I actually, I'm really cheap with stickers because I know I only get one or two of them usually So I put Scotch tape on the back of them and take them to this board so I can replace them. And so I can take them off and change them out. I really like the idea of a sticker board though. Yeah. Instead of like all over my laptop, I just have a board appear
So I put Scotch tape on the back of them and take them to this board so I can replace them. And so I can take them off and change them out. I really like the idea of a sticker board though. Yeah. Instead of like all over my laptop, I just have a board appear It's just a piece of wood, like a square board that I got from Walmart or something and throw some stickers on it. I dig it. And Ben, yes, Ben has swag to you. So I have one of his HTML shirts. I want to get one. Once I get a job, Ben, I'm ordering one. I'm so excited. All right. So, yes
It's just a piece of wood, like a square board that I got from Walmart or something and throw some stickers on it. I dig it. And Ben, yes, Ben has swag to you. So I have one of his HTML shirts. I want to get one. Once I get a job, Ben, I'm ordering one. I'm so excited. All right. So, yes All right. So, yes. What the, the spite? Spelt. Damn it. It's okay. We're going to get you higher though. And that's kind of what we're going to talk about today. I have a talk coming up in a couple of weeks at Weapon Leashed and it's called Starting with Spelt
All right. So, yes. What the, the spite? Spelt. Damn it. It's okay. We're going to get you higher though. And that's kind of what we're going to talk about today. I have a talk coming up in a couple of weeks at Weapon Leashed and it's called Starting with Spelt And this is really like where I'm trying to get in my head is that I think web developers who are just beginning their journey and have maybe a basic HTML CSS understanding, maybe some JavaScript should actually start building with Spelt because it helps you build projects faster
And this is really like where I'm trying to get in my head is that I think web developers who are just beginning their journey and have maybe a basic HTML CSS understanding, maybe some JavaScript should actually start building with Spelt because it helps you build projects faster So if you can get faster, you can get your projects built, you can get your portfolio built, you can get your resume up and you can get a job, which I think is the goal of most people beginning web development, right? Yes, yes. I dig it. I dig it
So if you can get faster, you can get your projects built, you can get your portfolio built, you can get your resume up and you can get a job, which I think is the goal of most people beginning web development, right? Yes, yes. I dig it. I dig it I dig it. I dig it. And I told you that we are on the Windows machine, which hey, y'all, we have improvement. Brittany uses a Windows machine. I do. I use for all of my streaming. I use a Windows PC, which is like not becoming the norm anymore
I dig it. I dig it. And I told you that we are on the Windows machine, which hey, y'all, we have improvement. Brittany uses a Windows machine. I do. I use for all of my streaming. I use a Windows PC, which is like not becoming the norm anymore It used to be the norm for streamers, but it's not anymore. So I'm all WSL. I use all the things Windows. It's fun. Yeah. We've got some goodness there. And hopefully I will say hopefully I get my Mac back tomorrow. I'm hoping. I hope they say that is there tonight
It used to be the norm for streamers, but it's not anymore. So I'm all WSL. I use all the things Windows. It's fun. Yeah. We've got some goodness there. And hopefully I will say hopefully I get my Mac back tomorrow. I'm hoping. I hope they say that is there tonight So by Thursday, I can start streaming on my Mac. And then we also installed Volta, but I don't know. Can I download? I'm interested to see that too, by the way. I don't know if I can download the Volta or Svelt Svelt. Did I actually say it right this time? You did, yeah. Yes
So by Thursday, I can start streaming on my Mac. And then we also installed Volta, but I don't know. Can I download? I'm interested to see that too, by the way. I don't know if I can download the Volta or Svelt Svelt. Did I actually say it right this time? You did, yeah. Yes Yes. If I can download Svelt from it, because it was talking like you could download languages too. Yeah, that's kind of a weird thing
Yes. If I can download Svelt from it, because it was talking like you could download languages too. Yeah, that's kind of a weird thing And I don't know if languages, like it, if it means like JavaScript, Python, like does it mean like those kind of languages, or does it mean like libraries frameworks? Because there is a Svelt via code extension that you can have that will pretty much give you everything that you need
And I don't know if languages, like it, if it means like JavaScript, Python, like does it mean like those kind of languages, or does it mean like libraries frameworks? Because there is a Svelt via code extension that you can have that will pretty much give you everything that you need So it's just one extension in Svelt. And well, so this is Volta. This is what I was installing for all the node modules that I was having issues with last week, last week. So let's go grab a different tab. And you said that there is one for Svelt. Plug in on VSCode
So it's just one extension in Svelt. And well, so this is Volta. This is what I was installing for all the node modules that I was having issues with last week, last week. So let's go grab a different tab. And you said that there is one for Svelt. Plug in on VSCode Plug in on VSCode. Yes, it's the Svelt via Svelt extension, I think is what it's called. I might have to bring my VSCode up. And homey codes had a question
Plug in on VSCode. Yes, it's the Svelt via Svelt extension, I think is what it's called. I might have to bring my VSCode up. And homey codes had a question Can I give two sentences why Svelt allows nubes to build so quickly in general? So I don't know if I can make it in two sentences, but I think that it keeps the code as close as possible to being vanilla HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. There's very little Svelt specific syntax in there
Can I give two sentences why Svelt allows nubes to build so quickly in general? So I don't know if I can make it in two sentences, but I think that it keeps the code as close as possible to being vanilla HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. There's very little Svelt specific syntax in there So you're writing things that you're already familiar with. And then you're adding those kind of niceties that Svelt gives you on top of it to make it easier and faster to build projects. I hope that was a good sales pitch. I love it
So you're writing things that you're already familiar with. And then you're adding those kind of niceties that Svelt gives you on top of it to make it easier and faster to build projects. I hope that was a good sales pitch. I love it I love it. Ask the hard questions, or I don't even know, was it hard? I say the good questions. I think very good questions. Yes, Svelt for VSCode, that's it. There we go. There we go. Sorry. Installing
I love it. Ask the hard questions, or I don't even know, was it hard? I say the good questions. I think very good questions. Yes, Svelt for VSCode, that's it. There we go. There we go. Sorry. Installing Sorry. Installing. So what was your experience that you found you a little before we got on? We were kind of talking about your background
Sorry. Installing. So what was your experience that you found you a little before we got on? We were kind of talking about your background And what was your experience with getting into like these JavaScript frameworks? You said Anthony came on and made you build a React web app, which I was like, why did you do that? Anthony, where are you at, by the way
And what was your experience with getting into like these JavaScript frameworks? You said Anthony came on and made you build a React web app, which I was like, why did you do that? Anthony, where are you at, by the way I need everybody to go tag Anthony Campola right now, agency web dev on Twitter
I need everybody to go tag Anthony Campola right now, agency web dev on Twitter And get him in here. So I can fight with him about why he made Jen build a React web app as her first intro to JavaScript. So a lot of it has to do with I've worked in the tech industry. And I say like I was adjacent to it in the fact that it was the
And get him in here. So I can fight with him about why he made Jen build a React web app as her first intro to JavaScript. So a lot of it has to do with I've worked in the tech industry. And I say like I was adjacent to it in the fact that it was the I was a part of sales or I was a part of marketing. And I, but when I was at like Verizon, it was when the iPhone and Android first came out. Okay. So it was a lot more technical and it was where I definitely. Learned a lot got to this point. I've gone out of advocacy for other things
I was a part of sales or I was a part of marketing. And I, but when I was at like Verizon, it was when the iPhone and Android first came out. Okay. So it was a lot more technical and it was where I definitely. Learned a lot got to this point. I've gone out of advocacy for other things You know, I have the podcast shit. You don't want to talk about. And it was. In January, I was let go from an API design first company. And they taught me all about this, the APIs, because they want to me to create a curriculum. About it. And yes. And thank you. And so I built this
You know, I have the podcast shit. You don't want to talk about. And it was. In January, I was let go from an API design first company. And they taught me all about this, the APIs, because they want to me to create a curriculum. About it. And yes. And thank you. And so I built this I was working on I was learning how to build curriculum that I'm working on learning all of this. And I was like, let me go in January 2021 and it was like, I'm never doing tech again. I refuse. Yeah
I was working on I was learning how to build curriculum that I'm working on learning all of this. And I was like, let me go in January 2021 and it was like, I'm never doing tech again. I refuse. Yeah I refuse. Yeah. Well, once I was healed from surgery, I had to have in February and I healed from, you know, getting let go. I joined the Denver API meetup team and co organizer there
I refuse. Yeah. Well, once I was healed from surgery, I had to have in February and I healed from, you know, getting let go. I joined the Denver API meetup team and co organizer there And one of the co organizers, or he from API days was like, this is me paraphrasing horribly because or he does not talk like this. But it was like, yo, like if you could describe like a perfect job, what would it be? And without knowing it, I described Deborah. Oh, that's amazing
And one of the co organizers, or he from API days was like, this is me paraphrasing horribly because or he does not talk like this. But it was like, yo, like if you could describe like a perfect job, what would it be? And without knowing it, I described Deborah. Oh, that's amazing Oh, that's amazing. It was like, dude, you got to do that. And I was like, cool. So Adam do Vander, I met him. He's big in the marketing for design for developers because developers hate marketing. And it's so true. And so I knew him from stoplight
Oh, that's amazing. It was like, dude, you got to do that. And I was like, cool. So Adam do Vander, I met him. He's big in the marketing for design for developers because developers hate marketing. And it's so true. And so I knew him from stoplight And he posted, this is when I didn't know how to Twitter. I, yes, I didn't know how to Twitter. I did not know how to Twitter for a very long time. Yeah. So I got not knowing how to Twitter. So I didn't know how to Twitter. And I replied, he, like put a tweet out there of like all dev rolls
And he posted, this is when I didn't know how to Twitter. I, yes, I didn't know how to Twitter. I did not know how to Twitter for a very long time. Yeah. So I got not knowing how to Twitter. So I didn't know how to Twitter. And I replied, he, like put a tweet out there of like all dev rolls Please reply if you're open to other people talking like routine out to you. I'm literally replying to each person. I'm sending them a tweet. Not their DMs because I don't know how this works. Yeah. And almost all of them were like, yo, just DM me. And so the first person I met was Wesley Fulkner
Please reply if you're open to other people talking like routine out to you. I'm literally replying to each person. I'm sending them a tweet. Not their DMs because I don't know how this works. Yeah. And almost all of them were like, yo, just DM me. And so the first person I met was Wesley Fulkner And which was phenomenal to meet him first. He's over at AWS. And he was just like, yeah, you can be dyslexic in code. Why? Why can't you know? I was like, what? This is the entire reason I never went into code. And then the second person I met was Ramon
And which was phenomenal to meet him first. He's over at AWS. And he was just like, yeah, you can be dyslexic in code. Why? Why can't you know? I was like, what? This is the entire reason I never went into code. And then the second person I met was Ramon And Ramon, Ola Soy Milk for anybody that wants to find him on Twitter. And he was like, yo, like we should do some live learning. You can appear programming. You can come on my show. And I'm like, okay, sure. And Anthony, being the third person I met, he was like, you should start your own show
And Ramon, Ola Soy Milk for anybody that wants to find him on Twitter. And he was like, yo, like we should do some live learning. You can appear programming. You can come on my show. And I'm like, okay, sure. And Anthony, being the third person I met, he was like, you should start your own show And no, I am not answering any questions about NFPs and whatever they're called. Yeah. And Web 3. He's like, you know, no. But yes, you should start your own show. And I was like, uh, okay. And all of them were like, you have no content. You have the personality
And no, I am not answering any questions about NFPs and whatever they're called. Yeah. And Web 3. He's like, you know, no. But yes, you should start your own show. And I was like, uh, okay. And all of them were like, you have no content. You have the personality And you know how to do everything else except content, technical content. And I was like, yeah. So you were tech adjacent for a long time, though. So yes, you kind of got familiar with it that way. Yeah, like I was familiar with it. I hung out with developers almost my entire career
And you know how to do everything else except content, technical content. And I was like, yeah. So you were tech adjacent for a long time, though. So yes, you kind of got familiar with it that way. Yeah, like I was familiar with it. I hung out with developers almost my entire career But I was never in the code mix itself. And so that's what I did a lot of why I had the consulted. Over at Gravity because they need somebody to know more about like the. Like help with the community side because they do have a community manager
But I was never in the code mix itself. And so that's what I did a lot of why I had the consulted. Over at Gravity because they need somebody to know more about like the. Like help with the community side because they do have a community manager And then more of like getting out there, the brand awareness, the getting feedback from people, the demos. And I loved it. It was just I never knew what language to start with. And Anthony being the. It's overwhelming, isn't it? There's a lot of resources. It is. And I tried
And then more of like getting out there, the brand awareness, the getting feedback from people, the demos. And I loved it. It was just I never knew what language to start with. And Anthony being the. It's overwhelming, isn't it? There's a lot of resources. It is. And I tried It is. And I tried. I think to answer your question, JavaScript. Because I heard that it was like the most popular thing. And so I tried taking a course on. Through LinkedIn about JavaScript. And I'm still to this day really stuck on classes. Yeah
It is. And I tried. I think to answer your question, JavaScript. Because I heard that it was like the most popular thing. And so I tried taking a course on. Through LinkedIn about JavaScript. And I'm still to this day really stuck on classes. Yeah Yeah. So when you take a course on JavaScript, it goes so far into like everything about JavaScript. And so I think it's a lot of work. And I think it's a lot of work. And I think it's a lot of work. And I think it's a lot of work. And I think it's a lot of work. And I think it's a lot of work
Yeah. So when you take a course on JavaScript, it goes so far into like everything about JavaScript. And so I think it's a lot of work. And I think it's a lot of work. And I think it's a lot of work. And I think it's a lot of work. And I think it's a lot of work. And I think it's a lot of work And I think it's a lot of work this year. It's a lot of work that's going to be something that will observe it. It's a lot of work, and it's something that can't be done for any different folks. Okay. And so we see that then. And that's just real. Ok. LOL. Netflix
And I think it's a lot of work this year. It's a lot of work that's going to be something that will observe it. It's a lot of work, and it's something that can't be done for any different folks. Okay. And so we see that then. And that's just real. Ok. LOL. Netflix Ok. LOL. Netflix. My question first with the question, this is often asked in my experience. The question of what people do with JavaScript, is basically the. Oh, yes
Ok. LOL. Netflix. My question first with the question, this is often asked in my experience. The question of what people do with JavaScript, is basically the. Oh, yes Oh, yes. In my experience, if you don't like奇 that it is just a long story from then, just be like, Google, see you again, let's use JavaScripts, you will like everything about JavaScript. JavaScript never made sense to me and I hated it. I wanted to build. I was a graphic designer
Oh, yes. In my experience, if you don't like奇 that it is just a long story from then, just be like, Google, see you again, let's use JavaScripts, you will like everything about JavaScript. JavaScript never made sense to me and I hated it. I wanted to build. I was a graphic designer I did a couple years in college and then I quit to make money. I needed money so I was working in restaurants. I was worked at a bank and then I had kids and I was like stay at home mom and I didn't realize that coding like front-end web development was a job I could do
I did a couple years in college and then I quit to make money. I needed money so I was working in restaurants. I was worked at a bank and then I had kids and I was like stay at home mom and I didn't realize that coding like front-end web development was a job I could do And I just I found free code camp and I started teaching myself to code and I loved bringing my designs to life but doing JavaScript just where I needed it
And I just I found free code camp and I started teaching myself to code and I loved bringing my designs to life but doing JavaScript just where I needed it Like little bits of JavaScript just interact with the page not classes and building like I don't want to build a game in JavaScript that's not me. So I see where that like could have been classes are just overwhelming and that was what React was. I actually did the same thing that you did
Like little bits of JavaScript just interact with the page not classes and building like I don't want to build a game in JavaScript that's not me. So I see where that like could have been classes are just overwhelming and that was what React was. I actually did the same thing that you did I kind of looked around to see what I could get a job in and everything kept saying React, React, React, everywhere. And so I knew a little bit of JavaScript but I jumped on the straight into React and it was class-based at the time. So it was all class components. It wasn't these like you state
I kind of looked around to see what I could get a job in and everything kept saying React, React, React, everywhere. And so I knew a little bit of JavaScript but I jumped on the straight into React and it was class-based at the time. So it was all class components. It wasn't these like you state We didn't have the hooks yet and it was just at the time when we were switching over to that but the classes just threw me for a loop. I couldn't tell what was React and what was JavaScript. I was overwhelmed
We didn't have the hooks yet and it was just at the time when we were switching over to that but the classes just threw me for a loop. I couldn't tell what was React and what was JavaScript. I was overwhelmed I was overwhelmed. Yeah and that's something that I think is big in like Anthony said this Ben I think you have a conversation with Anthony about this of like I need to choose like become a bit more niche down and I agree. So first off I do need to say I totally agree that I need to niche down yet
I was overwhelmed. Yeah and that's something that I think is big in like Anthony said this Ben I think you have a conversation with Anthony about this of like I need to choose like become a bit more niche down and I agree. So first off I do need to say I totally agree that I need to niche down yet I don't know what to niche down in yet because I'm not like oh this is so much easier. I love that Laura is coming on to do Python stuff. I'm like that's convenient because I enjoy learning it. Do I love Python? I don't know yet. I don't know what I love. I've been around APIs a time
I don't know what to niche down in yet because I'm not like oh this is so much easier. I love that Laura is coming on to do Python stuff. I'm like that's convenient because I enjoy learning it. Do I love Python? I don't know yet. I don't know what I love. I've been around APIs a time Do I love APIs? And you're in that discovery phase like trying to figure out what you actually what niche area like you said you want to be in. So yeah I get that. And what else Cynthia? Thank you for joining today. And yes okay so I have I did download. I see your question to homie
Do I love APIs? And you're in that discovery phase like trying to figure out what you actually what niche area like you said you want to be in. So yeah I get that. And what else Cynthia? Thank you for joining today. And yes okay so I have I did download. I see your question to homie I don't know if we want to dive into that yet. I will touch on that. Do you want me to go ahead and answer that? Yeah go for it
I don't know if we want to dive into that yet. I will touch on that. Do you want me to go ahead and answer that? Yeah go for it So first like do you know the difference between back end and front end? Like do you know what we're talking about when we say that? I mean good question in the fact that let's see if I can say it. Front end is where it's more public facing
So first like do you know the difference between back end and front end? Like do you know what we're talking about when we say that? I mean good question in the fact that let's see if I can say it. Front end is where it's more public facing So yeah like a website or if you're talking about like a product it's what the product actually looks like. Not what the product does. What the product does is back end. What the product looks like is front end? Yeah I mean that's it to a degree
So yeah like a website or if you're talking about like a product it's what the product actually looks like. Not what the product does. What the product does is back end. What the product looks like is front end? Yeah I mean that's it to a degree And I think that like databases your if you're using GraphQL your API that kind of stuff is your backend stuff. So what you're doing in Python is probably backend coding or you're doing some task like a bot or you're you're doing something that's processing something
And I think that like databases your if you're using GraphQL your API that kind of stuff is your backend stuff. So what you're doing in Python is probably backend coding or you're doing some task like a bot or you're you're doing something that's processing something So the front end is what you see on the website. You're absolutely right about that. So in Svelte we would use Svelte kit probably at this point but there's things like Astro remixes working on a Svelte router that you can use serverless functions to do those back end pieces
So the front end is what you see on the website. You're absolutely right about that. So in Svelte we would use Svelte kit probably at this point but there's things like Astro remixes working on a Svelte router that you can use serverless functions to do those back end pieces So really as a front end developer I feel power superpowers kind of to be able to do that front end code but still touch my backend without actually having to write backend code. And that's what I really like about these newer frameworks because they use that serverless mindset I guess
So really as a front end developer I feel power superpowers kind of to be able to do that front end code but still touch my backend without actually having to write backend code. And that's what I really like about these newer frameworks because they use that serverless mindset I guess I dig it I dig it and there's Anthony. I need to talk to you Anthony. And thank you homie. Homie said that I'm getting better every time I describe it. That's why I'm like I like when new people come on the show because they're like what do you
I dig it I dig it and there's Anthony. I need to talk to you Anthony. And thank you homie. Homie said that I'm getting better every time I describe it. That's why I'm like I like when new people come on the show because they're like what do you Well I don't want to be like rude either you don't want to be like oh you're new to this no I'm not trying to be rude I was just trying to get your understanding of what because I mean front end backend like no Python modules like what are all these things
Well I don't want to be like rude either you don't want to be like oh you're new to this no I'm not trying to be rude I was just trying to get your understanding of what because I mean front end backend like no Python modules like what are all these things Yes yes and Chan said if it's helpful I think a front end backend split like this front end is what runs the browser backend is what runs on the server. That is perfect. And yes like yes. Okay that that does clear. That's a better definition. Yeah
Yes yes and Chan said if it's helpful I think a front end backend split like this front end is what runs the browser backend is what runs on the server. That is perfect. And yes like yes. Okay that that does clear. That's a better definition. Yeah Yeah. Of like I was just saying like what the product looks like versus what the product does and I think that's really where server versus you know the browser so I dig that and uh Anthony Brittany has a question for you
Yeah. Of like I was just saying like what the product looks like versus what the product does and I think that's really where server versus you know the browser so I dig that and uh Anthony Brittany has a question for you Why did you teach Jin to build a react app as her first venture into frameworks. Why? Just why? You missed a little bit of the pre guess you wanted her to get a job
Why did you teach Jin to build a react app as her first venture into frameworks. Why? Just why? You missed a little bit of the pre guess you wanted her to get a job So I'm working on this talk because starting with Svelt and I think that beginner web developers used Svelt because I think it allows them to learn the fundamentals along with building projects quickly and getting them out the door so they can get their resume and then they have the JavaScript experience and then maybe you touch react if you want every act job
So I'm working on this talk because starting with Svelt and I think that beginner web developers used Svelt because I think it allows them to learn the fundamentals along with building projects quickly and getting them out the door so they can get their resume and then they have the JavaScript experience and then maybe you touch react if you want every act job But jumping into react to early I feel like adds complexity and confusion to new developers. I would say though like something that I think has been really really helpful
But jumping into react to early I feel like adds complexity and confusion to new developers. I would say though like something that I think has been really really helpful But how do you interpret quickly with vanilla JS? How do you build projects? Yeah I think something that's become really cool is getting an idea of what all these frameworks are. Yeah. And definitely when I started learning Python compared to react or next or whatever I was like I don't understand
But how do you interpret quickly with vanilla JS? How do you build projects? Yeah I think something that's become really cool is getting an idea of what all these frameworks are. Yeah. And definitely when I started learning Python compared to react or next or whatever I was like I don't understand It was very very altering. This is too much. I don't understand because I was doing all these things in JavaScript that I didn't know I was doing. Now seeing the different frameworks is very helpful even within JavaScript because I'm like starting to see how they may connect a bit differently
It was very very altering. This is too much. I don't understand because I was doing all these things in JavaScript that I didn't know I was doing. Now seeing the different frameworks is very helpful even within JavaScript because I'm like starting to see how they may connect a bit differently Yeah. Like you said earlier how you can take these things and even though you may not understand it now later like it comes up and you're like oh now I get what that means
Yeah. Like you said earlier how you can take these things and even though you may not understand it now later like it comes up and you're like oh now I get what that means So I think it makes those connections for you but I think because I did it when I was learning to code I learned react and I felt like I got held back a little bit because of that confusion. I feel like just if I had learned felt first I feel like I would have gotten farther faster
So I think it makes those connections for you but I think because I did it when I was learning to code I learned react and I felt like I got held back a little bit because of that confusion. I feel like just if I had learned felt first I feel like I would have gotten farther faster And that's a really good way of explaining it and I'm looking at what the episode was deploy a react app with Vite and Versel. That is technically what he taught me. So I probably said it wrong
And that's a really good way of explaining it and I'm looking at what the episode was deploy a react app with Vite and Versel. That is technically what he taught me. So I probably said it wrong But I was just wondering yeah I asked if it was create react app so I was wondering oh so it's Vite instead of using it or not a monster. No web pack here. Okay good
But I was just wondering yeah I asked if it was create react app so I was wondering oh so it's Vite instead of using it or not a monster. No web pack here. Okay good Okay good. I mean I'm glad it was at least Vite and react but oh it still doesn't like it makes more sense but I'm still getting to like understand Vite and Versel and Netlify and I'm just like I'm not all the terms too like and then all the acronyms on top of all the terms. Yeah. It's a lot
Okay good. I mean I'm glad it was at least Vite and react but oh it still doesn't like it makes more sense but I'm still getting to like understand Vite and Versel and Netlify and I'm just like I'm not all the terms too like and then all the acronyms on top of all the terms. Yeah. It's a lot Yeah. It's a lot. It is a lot. It is a lot
Yeah. It's a lot. It is a lot. It is a lot So as a random update for everyone I am very excited that yes yesterday it took a minute but we downloaded or cloned the project yesterday for Python off a GitHub but before the stream was over I did not upload it and this morning I did all by myself which I know sounds very silly but it's like I kept doing it based on everybody else telling me to do it and like telling me how to do it instead of like figuring out on my own which has been very very helpful and annoying but helpful I did it
So as a random update for everyone I am very excited that yes yesterday it took a minute but we downloaded or cloned the project yesterday for Python off a GitHub but before the stream was over I did not upload it and this morning I did all by myself which I know sounds very silly but it's like I kept doing it based on everybody else telling me to do it and like telling me how to do it instead of like figuring out on my own which has been very very helpful and annoying but helpful I did it I was very excited. So I wanted to share that and if you I will start sharing my screen but I'm now going to be really annoying and see if I can create a new folder
I was very excited. So I wanted to share that and if you I will start sharing my screen but I'm now going to be really annoying and see if I can create a new folder So I think you're even farther than I was with like learning web development because using the command line you're using Viasco you're taking yourself kind of out of the browser like I learned on free code camp so everything was in this repuls style thing tooling is another complexity right like having to have no modules having to have like command line experience knowing how to move around folders they're all things that you have to learn and that was difficult for me and so I also like recommend newer people to use the browser tools stack blitz is amazing copins code sandbox like there's so many tools get pod I'm trying to think of all the ones so I don't leave anybody out I see Willow in the chat and she's interning at get pod now so I'm making sure that I hit all of my bases here but I dig it I dig it I would say thank you for that and that is a good call out I used to work at GoDaddy and which taught me a ton by itself but then also in their hosting department I was tech support and it's crazy how you don't always realize what you learn at the job is actually something that other people don't learn so I think that is thank you for that call out I would also say that it's it's so frustrating because I'm like I hang out with all the cool kids that know how to do all of this and I'm not there yet it's frustrating I'm interested to see what Cynthia says to this because she said she pushed this tools on her students so I'm wondering like if you're a teacher like I really want that feedback of like if you're teaching web development to students do you make them learn the command line first do you make them learn about no modules and like webpack and v are those things that like bundle those no modules together and make it all work and learning all of that as a new developer was just like I had no idea I started up a create react app and I'm like what are all these folders like I don't know what any of this is doing do you want me to walk you through getting do you want to stick with vanilla spelt before we add on the meta framework so Anthony said you had had someone on that had done next before so the difference between a framework and a meta framework is when you take something like spelt reactor view and you add functionality on top of it so routing API imp points those kind of things get added on top of the framework itself so spelt kit would be the way to kind of create a new spell app that would have that back end and front end functionality that we were talking about but vanilla spelt would just be using the browser so it would just be client side rendered um i'm down for either at this point like I've I've missed with something how to say this I'm not going to know the difference and I think this is the fun thing and the frustrating thing is like if somebody says like yo go do this I'm going to be like okay cool and then it may take me questions later on to go oh that's the difference of the two yeah like Anthony said i'm probably fine it's funny um in case anybody wants to know when I have somebody that's going to come on the show half the time i'm going what am I asking what is this oh you want to use spelt kit you think it's probably fine even with the new crazy routing so I have some hot takes about the way spelt kit is going and not everyone agrees with me and not everyone agrees with the way it's going either so spelt kit has had some major routing changes they went from a directory file based routing where you could just create a new file dot spelt file and that would generate a route but now you have to do a plus sign prefixed in front of any new route and then it has to be page
So I think you're even farther than I was with like learning web development because using the command line you're using Viasco you're taking yourself kind of out of the browser like I learned on free code camp so everything was in this repuls style thing tooling is another complexity right like having to have no modules having to have like command line experience knowing how to move around folders they're all things that you have to learn and that was difficult for me and so I also like recommend newer people to use the browser tools stack blitz is amazing copins code sandbox like there's so many tools get pod I'm trying to think of all the ones so I don't leave anybody out I see Willow in the chat and she's interning at get pod now so I'm making sure that I hit all of my bases here but I dig it I dig it I would say thank you for that and that is a good call out I used to work at GoDaddy and which taught me a ton by itself but then also in their hosting department I was tech support and it's crazy how you don't always realize what you learn at the job is actually something that other people don't learn so I think that is thank you for that call out I would also say that it's it's so frustrating because I'm like I hang out with all the cool kids that know how to do all of this and I'm not there yet it's frustrating I'm interested to see what Cynthia says to this because she said she pushed this tools on her students so I'm wondering like if you're a teacher like I really want that feedback of like if you're teaching web development to students do you make them learn the command line first do you make them learn about no modules and like webpack and v are those things that like bundle those no modules together and make it all work and learning all of that as a new developer was just like I had no idea I started up a create react app and I'm like what are all these folders like I don't know what any of this is doing do you want me to walk you through getting do you want to stick with vanilla spelt before we add on the meta framework so Anthony said you had had someone on that had done next before so the difference between a framework and a meta framework is when you take something like spelt reactor view and you add functionality on top of it so routing API imp points those kind of things get added on top of the framework itself so spelt kit would be the way to kind of create a new spell app that would have that back end and front end functionality that we were talking about but vanilla spelt would just be using the browser so it would just be client side rendered um i'm down for either at this point like I've I've missed with something how to say this I'm not going to know the difference and I think this is the fun thing and the frustrating thing is like if somebody says like yo go do this I'm going to be like okay cool and then it may take me questions later on to go oh that's the difference of the two yeah like Anthony said i'm probably fine it's funny um in case anybody wants to know when I have somebody that's going to come on the show half the time i'm going what am I asking what is this oh you want to use spelt kit you think it's probably fine even with the new crazy routing so I have some hot takes about the way spelt kit is going and not everyone agrees with me and not everyone agrees with the way it's going either so spelt kit has had some major routing changes they went from a directory file based routing where you could just create a new file dot spelt file and that would generate a route but now you have to do a plus sign prefixed in front of any new route and then it has to be pagespelt for the front end part and then plus page.server or plus page
spelt for the front end part and then plus page.server or plus pagejs or ts for the loading that api endpoint like i was talking about which is a lot it's a lot you know to know what a single component file is first then we need to do just spelt yeah i don't want to create the confusion that spelt kit will add okay so i'm putting in our private chat um the command that you run to just get up and running with a vt spelt template project so spelt just itself is run with a vpuggin it's just a plugin in the v ecosystem that runs v as the build tooling and allows you to write spelt does that make sense am i explaining that well so v is the build tool that builds everything and bundles it together and spelt is the framework library that we're using to write the code so that's the syntax and then v is the build tool and that my app part is what you call your app oh you got it i think i need to make our screen a little bit bigger so i can see your screen uh i don't i guess i kind of said no do for okay what is happening here so what get ignore i'm creating a um repo well so that would be node probably is i think is node in there maybe oh let's yes okay and again that was like a huge list did you need that huge list what was that even the CLI tool is like a little overwhelming yes build tool is the engine framework is the car that's a good way to put it oh at some point we'll be using emojis to define special routes that would be amazing i like yes yes to all that i was very very like entrenched in actually getting creating a uh um a repo from here i'm very excited i'm like okay so y'all just i don't know why i just found this i just wanted to find it a couple days ago like it's an idea this existed and i'm like it has all the commands so i don't know if you use netlify it all but netlify also has a CLI so i can push to get hub and deploy my website without leaving my terminal i i feel like we should do something about netlify at some point because yeah like i know it's a thing it is a thing and isn't jason over at netlify jason link store is my boss yes oh yeah he's coming on the show with next month sweet couple weeks monthish we're gonna go with that yeah i'm actually really excited because he um i reached out to him again awkward intro conversations hey so you do learning with jason and i'm gonna start a show called teach jentech and someday it would be really cool if learning with jason jason is on teach jentech that's amazing and you get so much more comfortable i was so awkward and felt so bad asking people at first with the podcast and now i'm just like everybody is just a person right like nobody cares like just ask where's they say is no yes yes or they don't reply i'd have a phone and he spelled my name correctly thank you oh i had to like squint because like it went smaller and i'm like i hate spelling people's names wrong i can't say names either but yes oh yes okay i finally have our folder created yay okay so we can walk through all of this too and actually if you want to start with doing like push to get hub and then we'll set up the netlify CLI and walk you through all that and maybe deploy the site just as it is what you have out of the box so you want to open it up and be as code yeah oh okay sweet this was exciting because uh and what you need to get for windows by the way if you're going to keep using windows power toys is my favorite thing for window management it lets you hold shift or whatever key you select and you can place them into predefined areas so i have one for like my coding screen and one for my browser my hope is i never you don't have to know the screen again but y'all you can see my very very messy desk i'm okay you guys can go on a tour of so i have three screens so then i have yeah my coding screen my live stream and then like having twitch open because you don't always get everybody's messages yeah or anything so um but yes i would i would be so happy to never ever ever touch windows again no fence to you or to Ben so are you coding in windows also or do you have wsl on top of this because that might be some of the frustration so wsl is windows subsystem for linux so it uses linux based instead of the windows based which is horrible uh so we tried installing that yesterday but to do it it had to restart the system and we were live streaming and i will say since i had to restart right before our stream it tried to install it and then it erred out and i was like i'm not even gonna worry about it you know windows yeah so i was like i'm just gonna leave it there it's gonna be great it's gonna be fine you're gonna self-try and keep it still still during streams yeah but how is anybody gonna know how to do stuff if we don't i i love that attitude it's like you just do it and you see what happens i don't think i need to paste that all together oh okay so we have a directory okay let's see what happens so the my app part of that is it's gonna call it my app now and i think what's gonna happen is it's gonna create a directory inside of this directory which may not be what you want to happen but we can cd into it yeah that is what happened okay so if you want to rename it you can or you can just leave it in that top folder and then we can cd into that and then open that and be as code to learn remix and we spent 90 minutes debugging node that sounds amazing that stuff is very important but i do like remix a lot too and i can understand though which the new i heard that node 18 is hitting LTS soon so i've also done that on a live stream so when when bduggie was able like i told you i spoke water all over my lap so the following monday i was on the pc and we were trying to install node and stuff so that way we did node 18 that's why we ended up doing bolt-in now because we spent like 30 minutes trying to debug and figure out how to get the project work it was entertaining yeah wow yay we are here we got it okay so we now have it open let's open do you like to use the the terminal or do you like to use the integrated terminal and be as code i use the integrated terminal but you use what you're comfortable with i'm down for whatever um it to do the integrated terminal it's just you click run right uh maybe are view view i think no uh control and then the little back tick button on your keyboard will open it for sure i don't know what that opened actually opened a group there we go like i thought that would me minimize this one then and voila yeah it's bigger okay it looks like there's already a get initiated but we might want to run get a knit just to make sure that it's initiated already yeah and so already initialize it or okay it's initialize now so now we want to create the get hub repository so you want to run your see i come oh you already did yes i did it backwards though so so maybe what we need to do is get to your copy your clone code do you know what i'm talking about to get clung um i'm moving this over here because what did we call it we call it spelt beat britney yeah so i did create it and so go to at the top go to click on code i'm pointing at the screen like you can see where i'm like yeah and copy that and instead of clone though we actually want just the https so switch over to https and copy that one yep and then in your terminal you're going to say get remote and then rm for remove and then origin okay this is like yeah one onto the next line and then hit enter and that'll remove your current origin if it has one no such origin okay so now you want to get remote ad origin and then paste that link okay so now it's linked up to that repo so what we can now do is try to push and it's probably going to complain because the version history is messed up so my get hub see a lie also does this so you're actually on the main branch it says but it doesn't do that so what i do in this case i do get checkout dash b main and then hit enter and now it's switched to the new branch main and do a get push and then do dash dash force i think and that will force a push ash out right uh having force force yeah oh it wants you to do the full thing okay so in this case copy that and then try enter and see if it'll just push to that and then if not we'll have to do the force again yeah so paste again and then do the dash dash force at the end of it get punch yes i need a get punch like just make it do what you want it what fell to push some breaths is it not force is it is it windash what am i missing here and get push force is it windash is it oh it says it's two dashes what so maybe you can't do it so why is this not working can we just create it in every no space okay no space so but she doesn't have a space do you you don't mean after main right i'll try that too welcome to live today now we are debugging get because because you're in an existing repo but if the histories don't match up it should let you push over that right you have to get rid of the outer repo oh because of the folder structure so it wants you to basically cd up to the main one and push if you want to do it that way but that's going to mess everything up so okay i have a new idea we're just gonna go here go here can i delete this one how do i do it it's in settings and it's okay we're just gonna down the bottom we yep uh you have to lay i would copy that whole thing because it's like you have to do your name and that whole teach jentech slash oh haha i also if i could read oh lord the two if a okay okay we're gonna get there and y'all i finally got access to my my jen jennad get so i really should start using that too um because i did i thought i deleted it on here and i did it and i am so lucky because i thought i was locked out forever i made the stupidest user name when i first started out it was like back in aol days i had this user name that i kept for a very long time and i made that as my get hub user name so when i started getting serious about tech i was like i have to change this and changing it in so many places was really annoying but it was totally worth it yes i need to do that i mean okay i'm just gonna copy it over later we're not gonna make us go through this now okay it was successfully deleted i am now you can create a new one right here don't yeah okay so um clear your or there we go okay so now gh repo create and hit enter and see what happens yeah push an existing local repository hathest dot the same one we're in and you can name it what we had it before it doesn't matter now that it's deleted it's gone wait aol that's og i know that's like a long time ago showing my age people back in the 90s yes origin is fine enabled to add remote origin because we already added it but now if you do get remote dash v to check what remote we're on it should say the same url that we had set yes so that's correct so did they create it yes so it should be available on get hub now um your code may not have pushed up yet but it should be created i don't know if it automatically pushed it but let's move on now yeah no no code so we need to push so maybe do a get add get commit init something is it just get add oh get add dot okay i do yeah get add dot or you can do individual folders but dot just adds all of them um oh this is the fun window stuff i haven't seen in a very long time so these line ending warnings that you're getting are because control click sorry yes go ahead i also was reading the comments at the same time that was over the linkage oh yeah so you could actually control click that and it would open for the repo that it played pasted the link and you could control click out of the terminal to get to the repo um just goes right there that that's your path that you're in on your computer but when we did the get remote dash v it pasted the link oh so you would have to scroll up back to where we were or do it again either way um where did we do that just above that get remote oh this one yeah and control click and it will actually open it in your browser but we need to push the code up so that's where we were so get add dot and then we might have already done that we did and then i went off on my change about windows because of all those line ending warnings dash m and then a knit or something some more relevant i'm always bad with get commit messages especially if it's a project that i mainly just working on i'm just like i don't care and then now do that get push but it's going to ask you to do get push dash dash set with no space dash upstream space or to and then main enter that work i did it for my brain i can never remember that i always have to copy it but it doesn't seem to be pushing anything either it's asking me to sign in oh okay which is weird because i thought i was already signed in yeah it was doing it a minute ago and now it's like not working okay press these instructions step by step should we want to use them in the process oh yeah so originally that page that you brought up in the browser before you had um what was i gonna say before you had the code in the browser get hub will actually like tell you the steps that i just kind of walked you through oh yeah i think um where this was a little messed up is i tried to create the repo beforehand and so my hope is that it's not gonna happen again no it shouldn't happen and do you want to go ahead and let's first install our known modules because i don't see them so let's run mpm i or if you don't want to use node we could use something else but i'm sure that's overwhelming you with tooling hey right uh space space i yep that's just short for install i'm doing all the bad things i like tell myself not to do when i'm teaching people is like make all these shorthand things and okay so now we have no modules so we can try to run the app locally with npm run dev and that should open up that port 51 73 which is apparently the new beat thing this is the roman numerals that spell beat but seven couldn't be done so seven was the closest to the t yay okay so we have a counter and you can click the counter and it should work there we go so i have done not as complicated as i made it for us but i have done this where i'm like cool okay so this is technically a web app isn't it just a so yeah so we're running just spelt right now and with beat and so this is all running on the client we're not doing any server side rendering we're not pre building and pre generating our app so it's all in the browser so whatever browser you're using the engine that runs the javascript is running all of the javascript needed to load the page don't okay cool cool okay so now we can deploy this as it is or we can start diving into more spell stuff let's dive in more okay so if you open up the src folder and i like to close my terminal once i have it running unless we need something in there so i do uh that control back tick again we'll minimize it and then you can pop it out whenever you need it there you go and so in the src folder we have an assets directory this is not how i really recommend i guess because it's an sbg it has it in the src folder but the public folder is actually where static assets go so it's a little confusing that they have this here i noticed this the other day when i was playing with this but that's just an sbg file um the lib folder is where all of your svelte components are going to be so athony was talking about having that single file component and that's what that counter dot svelte file is that counter dot svelte file is just that counter component that button that you saw is just that file so that's a single file component it's where you can take these frameworks or libraries and make these little pieces chunks like lego blocks and build your app in those pieces uh i would go ahead and enable it because there's a lot of typescript things that will not um it will give you little red squiggles if you don't do that so i don't like little red squiggles i don't play me and uh homie has a question of an example of what would go in server assets i really don't know i don't know why assets is listed there i've never used assets in a folder like that i don't know what the benefit or the negatives are to even doing that i always put them in the public folder so that they are available at billtime which i assume these would be two because spelt is a compiler so that's kind of the first thing to learn about spelt that's what makes it a little different than react and view is that it compiles all the code so it needs a built step where react and view i think view is actually moving more towards this to where they're going to be compiling or they have been compiling since v2 maybe but react for sure uses a virtual dom have you ever heard of the virtual dom okay so in the browser is a document object model that's the dom tree that the browser creates to like structure your site like a family tree you can think of it like that like the body and everything gets structured together so the virtual dom that react uses is a diff of that so the copy it and then they see what changes so that they can update the virtual dom to the regular dom the react takes care of that by loading react into the browser and doing those updates inside the browser spelt compiles during a build step so when you put it on netlify or like wherever you host this app there's a build step that actually compiles all of this code down into vanilla htmlcss and javascript and then the spelt pieces are javascript but they are done in a more surgical like slicing way so it updates the dom because it knows everything that you've created when it was compiled it can actually update things faster and the bundle size is smaller because it doesn't have to have the library in the browser to do that what you're saying makes sense i would um the part that i'm noodling on is i've also had someone on for quick um js 2 so like i'm kind of like was it mishko it was you had mishko on wow okay yeah so it's like also trying to like compile i can't but in all the most of the new frameworks are using this because spelt popularize this compiler based framework and so solid also does that quick does it ashrow i think is a compiler too i mean all of the newer frameworks are kind of using this and like the islands architecture all of it is kind of just trying to make it faster so we're not loading react is i think 128 kilobytes in the browser so you put react in the browser to do this virtual dom dipping and you're adding 128 kilobytes of javascript that you don't need um homie am i familiar with what diff is i'm going with context of so what we'll see by the if i was picking up what britney was putting down it's where diff is where um it we'll see if there's changes in the javascript already loaded and if there's a change it will load it if i which would cause slower load times because it's having to reload it where if it's um already existing it will just load what's already there if that's cached where react does it in the web every single time but uh spelt does it compiles it before it even hits the browser yeah so diff is basically just short for difference so it's seeing what the difference is between what's in the actual document object model and what's in the virtual one that react is holding and react does that very performantly they do update the dom quickly but it loads more javascript up front to the browser and you can create some of those things that you were talking about like caching and server side rendering static generation with next in those meta frameworks but if you're just using react like anthony taught you like the react beat that's the same as this it's just in the browser then what does could you explain because i think i was kind of stuck on this question what quick does because quick will only load what you're currently using instead of loading the full page right yeah yeah and so i don't i can't even wrap my mind around everything that quick does but from i've had michael on our podcast too and talked to him about it i've seen it demoed a couple of times but from what i gather it is compiled and it runs everything on the server so that means that you you put it on a host and everything is generated on the server and then each of these single file components that you're getting are dynamically grabbed from the server when they're needed not beforehand so it's all loaded asynchronously and they do that faster in michael's mind by serializing all of the html are all of the JavaScript that's needed into these objects that he puts on classes and IDs in the html itself so you can do key value pair matching inside of the html which is that's like a bunch of JavaScript that even i can't wrap my head around how they do that but okay i don't feel like i'm gonna build a framework anytime soon no me either exactly other people have fun with that just like have fun okay so this does make sense um jumping knowledge of all the things i feel like that's kind of like the job a little bit is that i need to know a little bit so we use this t-shaped comb most developers have this t-shaped comb but we're just like the full comb we have a little bit of knowledge and everything and we maybe have one that's like a little bit longer so it just shows across yes i agree homie and i love that you ask if i know something homie like that i'm like oh do i yeah because i think that's something that i struggle with is i'm like i'm i'm understanding what you're seeing mm-hmm bye Chan have a wonderful day i almost thought you said you're going to lunch because your name's lunch that's amazing so anyway um i love that y'all ask me the questions to see if i know it because i think i can understand what people are saying doesn't mean that i a remember the term and be know how to say it back to someone so i appreciate these questions because i don't always remember that was when i started feeling like i was actually getting a grasp on things is when you can explain it to other people and i use this philosophy i'm in the learn build teach discord server and we go by the philosophy of learning it building with it and then teaching it to other people and once you start teaching you actually teach yourself to you learn more by teaching i really should start putting this stuff in there i just realized that i'm in that i don't discord well or slack well or i slack off pretty well but i don't i use slack well you slack well yeah um okay so this is making a lot of sense so let's look at that counter component real quick and see if we can actually break down what is going on here so this is kind of the structure of a spelt file a dot-sbelt file is basically a script tag like an html file think of it you have a script tag that holds your job a script you have your templating which is a superset of html so you can write vanilla html in there but you also have these things like that on colon click and then the curly braces puts you into java script so it's taking html and giving it superpowers so the on colon part of that is the event uh listeners that we get from java script so on click is a java script api that we could call the function on but this on colon is spelt's version of that that does a lot of the stuff behind the scenes that takes care of the state management for us so we don't have to do as much work and it does that by the equal sign so the equal sign in spelt makes a variable reactive so that let count equals zero and line two is a variable declared count is the name of it set to zero and then when we increment that count in the function even though it's an arrow function on the next line on three we're incrementing that count by one and that plus equals is an important you have to set it again in spelt so this is one thing that does throw some people off so if you're using array methods like array
js or ts for the loading that api endpoint like i was talking about which is a lot it's a lot you know to know what a single component file is first then we need to do just spelt yeah i don't want to create the confusion that spelt kit will add okay so i'm putting in our private chat um the command that you run to just get up and running with a vt spelt template project so spelt just itself is run with a vpuggin it's just a plugin in the v ecosystem that runs v as the build tooling and allows you to write spelt does that make sense am i explaining that well so v is the build tool that builds everything and bundles it together and spelt is the framework library that we're using to write the code so that's the syntax and then v is the build tool and that my app part is what you call your app oh you got it i think i need to make our screen a little bit bigger so i can see your screen uh i don't i guess i kind of said no do for okay what is happening here so what get ignore i'm creating a um repo well so that would be node probably is i think is node in there maybe oh let's yes okay and again that was like a huge list did you need that huge list what was that even the CLI tool is like a little overwhelming yes build tool is the engine framework is the car that's a good way to put it oh at some point we'll be using emojis to define special routes that would be amazing i like yes yes to all that i was very very like entrenched in actually getting creating a uh um a repo from here i'm very excited i'm like okay so y'all just i don't know why i just found this i just wanted to find it a couple days ago like it's an idea this existed and i'm like it has all the commands so i don't know if you use netlify it all but netlify also has a CLI so i can push to get hub and deploy my website without leaving my terminal i i feel like we should do something about netlify at some point because yeah like i know it's a thing it is a thing and isn't jason over at netlify jason link store is my boss yes oh yeah he's coming on the show with next month sweet couple weeks monthish we're gonna go with that yeah i'm actually really excited because he um i reached out to him again awkward intro conversations hey so you do learning with jason and i'm gonna start a show called teach jentech and someday it would be really cool if learning with jason jason is on teach jentech that's amazing and you get so much more comfortable i was so awkward and felt so bad asking people at first with the podcast and now i'm just like everybody is just a person right like nobody cares like just ask where's they say is no yes yes or they don't reply i'd have a phone and he spelled my name correctly thank you oh i had to like squint because like it went smaller and i'm like i hate spelling people's names wrong i can't say names either but yes oh yes okay i finally have our folder created yay okay so we can walk through all of this too and actually if you want to start with doing like push to get hub and then we'll set up the netlify CLI and walk you through all that and maybe deploy the site just as it is what you have out of the box so you want to open it up and be as code yeah oh okay sweet this was exciting because uh and what you need to get for windows by the way if you're going to keep using windows power toys is my favorite thing for window management it lets you hold shift or whatever key you select and you can place them into predefined areas so i have one for like my coding screen and one for my browser my hope is i never you don't have to know the screen again but y'all you can see my very very messy desk i'm okay you guys can go on a tour of so i have three screens so then i have yeah my coding screen my live stream and then like having twitch open because you don't always get everybody's messages yeah or anything so um but yes i would i would be so happy to never ever ever touch windows again no fence to you or to Ben so are you coding in windows also or do you have wsl on top of this because that might be some of the frustration so wsl is windows subsystem for linux so it uses linux based instead of the windows based which is horrible uh so we tried installing that yesterday but to do it it had to restart the system and we were live streaming and i will say since i had to restart right before our stream it tried to install it and then it erred out and i was like i'm not even gonna worry about it you know windows yeah so i was like i'm just gonna leave it there it's gonna be great it's gonna be fine you're gonna self-try and keep it still still during streams yeah but how is anybody gonna know how to do stuff if we don't i i love that attitude it's like you just do it and you see what happens i don't think i need to paste that all together oh okay so we have a directory okay let's see what happens so the my app part of that is it's gonna call it my app now and i think what's gonna happen is it's gonna create a directory inside of this directory which may not be what you want to happen but we can cd into it yeah that is what happened okay so if you want to rename it you can or you can just leave it in that top folder and then we can cd into that and then open that and be as code to learn remix and we spent 90 minutes debugging node that sounds amazing that stuff is very important but i do like remix a lot too and i can understand though which the new i heard that node 18 is hitting LTS soon so i've also done that on a live stream so when when bduggie was able like i told you i spoke water all over my lap so the following monday i was on the pc and we were trying to install node and stuff so that way we did node 18 that's why we ended up doing bolt-in now because we spent like 30 minutes trying to debug and figure out how to get the project work it was entertaining yeah wow yay we are here we got it okay so we now have it open let's open do you like to use the the terminal or do you like to use the integrated terminal and be as code i use the integrated terminal but you use what you're comfortable with i'm down for whatever um it to do the integrated terminal it's just you click run right uh maybe are view view i think no uh control and then the little back tick button on your keyboard will open it for sure i don't know what that opened actually opened a group there we go like i thought that would me minimize this one then and voila yeah it's bigger okay it looks like there's already a get initiated but we might want to run get a knit just to make sure that it's initiated already yeah and so already initialize it or okay it's initialize now so now we want to create the get hub repository so you want to run your see i come oh you already did yes i did it backwards though so so maybe what we need to do is get to your copy your clone code do you know what i'm talking about to get clung um i'm moving this over here because what did we call it we call it spelt beat britney yeah so i did create it and so go to at the top go to click on code i'm pointing at the screen like you can see where i'm like yeah and copy that and instead of clone though we actually want just the https so switch over to https and copy that one yep and then in your terminal you're going to say get remote and then rm for remove and then origin okay this is like yeah one onto the next line and then hit enter and that'll remove your current origin if it has one no such origin okay so now you want to get remote ad origin and then paste that link okay so now it's linked up to that repo so what we can now do is try to push and it's probably going to complain because the version history is messed up so my get hub see a lie also does this so you're actually on the main branch it says but it doesn't do that so what i do in this case i do get checkout dash b main and then hit enter and now it's switched to the new branch main and do a get push and then do dash dash force i think and that will force a push ash out right uh having force force yeah oh it wants you to do the full thing okay so in this case copy that and then try enter and see if it'll just push to that and then if not we'll have to do the force again yeah so paste again and then do the dash dash force at the end of it get punch yes i need a get punch like just make it do what you want it what fell to push some breaths is it not force is it is it windash what am i missing here and get push force is it windash is it oh it says it's two dashes what so maybe you can't do it so why is this not working can we just create it in every no space okay no space so but she doesn't have a space do you you don't mean after main right i'll try that too welcome to live today now we are debugging get because because you're in an existing repo but if the histories don't match up it should let you push over that right you have to get rid of the outer repo oh because of the folder structure so it wants you to basically cd up to the main one and push if you want to do it that way but that's going to mess everything up so okay i have a new idea we're just gonna go here go here can i delete this one how do i do it it's in settings and it's okay we're just gonna down the bottom we yep uh you have to lay i would copy that whole thing because it's like you have to do your name and that whole teach jentech slash oh haha i also if i could read oh lord the two if a okay okay we're gonna get there and y'all i finally got access to my my jen jennad get so i really should start using that too um because i did i thought i deleted it on here and i did it and i am so lucky because i thought i was locked out forever i made the stupidest user name when i first started out it was like back in aol days i had this user name that i kept for a very long time and i made that as my get hub user name so when i started getting serious about tech i was like i have to change this and changing it in so many places was really annoying but it was totally worth it yes i need to do that i mean okay i'm just gonna copy it over later we're not gonna make us go through this now okay it was successfully deleted i am now you can create a new one right here don't yeah okay so um clear your or there we go okay so now gh repo create and hit enter and see what happens yeah push an existing local repository hathest dot the same one we're in and you can name it what we had it before it doesn't matter now that it's deleted it's gone wait aol that's og i know that's like a long time ago showing my age people back in the 90s yes origin is fine enabled to add remote origin because we already added it but now if you do get remote dash v to check what remote we're on it should say the same url that we had set yes so that's correct so did they create it yes so it should be available on get hub now um your code may not have pushed up yet but it should be created i don't know if it automatically pushed it but let's move on now yeah no no code so we need to push so maybe do a get add get commit init something is it just get add oh get add dot okay i do yeah get add dot or you can do individual folders but dot just adds all of them um oh this is the fun window stuff i haven't seen in a very long time so these line ending warnings that you're getting are because control click sorry yes go ahead i also was reading the comments at the same time that was over the linkage oh yeah so you could actually control click that and it would open for the repo that it played pasted the link and you could control click out of the terminal to get to the repo um just goes right there that that's your path that you're in on your computer but when we did the get remote dash v it pasted the link oh so you would have to scroll up back to where we were or do it again either way um where did we do that just above that get remote oh this one yeah and control click and it will actually open it in your browser but we need to push the code up so that's where we were so get add dot and then we might have already done that we did and then i went off on my change about windows because of all those line ending warnings dash m and then a knit or something some more relevant i'm always bad with get commit messages especially if it's a project that i mainly just working on i'm just like i don't care and then now do that get push but it's going to ask you to do get push dash dash set with no space dash upstream space or to and then main enter that work i did it for my brain i can never remember that i always have to copy it but it doesn't seem to be pushing anything either it's asking me to sign in oh okay which is weird because i thought i was already signed in yeah it was doing it a minute ago and now it's like not working okay press these instructions step by step should we want to use them in the process oh yeah so originally that page that you brought up in the browser before you had um what was i gonna say before you had the code in the browser get hub will actually like tell you the steps that i just kind of walked you through oh yeah i think um where this was a little messed up is i tried to create the repo beforehand and so my hope is that it's not gonna happen again no it shouldn't happen and do you want to go ahead and let's first install our known modules because i don't see them so let's run mpm i or if you don't want to use node we could use something else but i'm sure that's overwhelming you with tooling hey right uh space space i yep that's just short for install i'm doing all the bad things i like tell myself not to do when i'm teaching people is like make all these shorthand things and okay so now we have no modules so we can try to run the app locally with npm run dev and that should open up that port 51 73 which is apparently the new beat thing this is the roman numerals that spell beat but seven couldn't be done so seven was the closest to the t yay okay so we have a counter and you can click the counter and it should work there we go so i have done not as complicated as i made it for us but i have done this where i'm like cool okay so this is technically a web app isn't it just a so yeah so we're running just spelt right now and with beat and so this is all running on the client we're not doing any server side rendering we're not pre building and pre generating our app so it's all in the browser so whatever browser you're using the engine that runs the javascript is running all of the javascript needed to load the page don't okay cool cool okay so now we can deploy this as it is or we can start diving into more spell stuff let's dive in more okay so if you open up the src folder and i like to close my terminal once i have it running unless we need something in there so i do uh that control back tick again we'll minimize it and then you can pop it out whenever you need it there you go and so in the src folder we have an assets directory this is not how i really recommend i guess because it's an sbg it has it in the src folder but the public folder is actually where static assets go so it's a little confusing that they have this here i noticed this the other day when i was playing with this but that's just an sbg file um the lib folder is where all of your svelte components are going to be so athony was talking about having that single file component and that's what that counter dot svelte file is that counter dot svelte file is just that counter component that button that you saw is just that file so that's a single file component it's where you can take these frameworks or libraries and make these little pieces chunks like lego blocks and build your app in those pieces uh i would go ahead and enable it because there's a lot of typescript things that will not um it will give you little red squiggles if you don't do that so i don't like little red squiggles i don't play me and uh homie has a question of an example of what would go in server assets i really don't know i don't know why assets is listed there i've never used assets in a folder like that i don't know what the benefit or the negatives are to even doing that i always put them in the public folder so that they are available at billtime which i assume these would be two because spelt is a compiler so that's kind of the first thing to learn about spelt that's what makes it a little different than react and view is that it compiles all the code so it needs a built step where react and view i think view is actually moving more towards this to where they're going to be compiling or they have been compiling since v2 maybe but react for sure uses a virtual dom have you ever heard of the virtual dom okay so in the browser is a document object model that's the dom tree that the browser creates to like structure your site like a family tree you can think of it like that like the body and everything gets structured together so the virtual dom that react uses is a diff of that so the copy it and then they see what changes so that they can update the virtual dom to the regular dom the react takes care of that by loading react into the browser and doing those updates inside the browser spelt compiles during a build step so when you put it on netlify or like wherever you host this app there's a build step that actually compiles all of this code down into vanilla htmlcss and javascript and then the spelt pieces are javascript but they are done in a more surgical like slicing way so it updates the dom because it knows everything that you've created when it was compiled it can actually update things faster and the bundle size is smaller because it doesn't have to have the library in the browser to do that what you're saying makes sense i would um the part that i'm noodling on is i've also had someone on for quick um js 2 so like i'm kind of like was it mishko it was you had mishko on wow okay yeah so it's like also trying to like compile i can't but in all the most of the new frameworks are using this because spelt popularize this compiler based framework and so solid also does that quick does it ashrow i think is a compiler too i mean all of the newer frameworks are kind of using this and like the islands architecture all of it is kind of just trying to make it faster so we're not loading react is i think 128 kilobytes in the browser so you put react in the browser to do this virtual dom dipping and you're adding 128 kilobytes of javascript that you don't need um homie am i familiar with what diff is i'm going with context of so what we'll see by the if i was picking up what britney was putting down it's where diff is where um it we'll see if there's changes in the javascript already loaded and if there's a change it will load it if i which would cause slower load times because it's having to reload it where if it's um already existing it will just load what's already there if that's cached where react does it in the web every single time but uh spelt does it compiles it before it even hits the browser yeah so diff is basically just short for difference so it's seeing what the difference is between what's in the actual document object model and what's in the virtual one that react is holding and react does that very performantly they do update the dom quickly but it loads more javascript up front to the browser and you can create some of those things that you were talking about like caching and server side rendering static generation with next in those meta frameworks but if you're just using react like anthony taught you like the react beat that's the same as this it's just in the browser then what does could you explain because i think i was kind of stuck on this question what quick does because quick will only load what you're currently using instead of loading the full page right yeah yeah and so i don't i can't even wrap my mind around everything that quick does but from i've had michael on our podcast too and talked to him about it i've seen it demoed a couple of times but from what i gather it is compiled and it runs everything on the server so that means that you you put it on a host and everything is generated on the server and then each of these single file components that you're getting are dynamically grabbed from the server when they're needed not beforehand so it's all loaded asynchronously and they do that faster in michael's mind by serializing all of the html are all of the JavaScript that's needed into these objects that he puts on classes and IDs in the html itself so you can do key value pair matching inside of the html which is that's like a bunch of JavaScript that even i can't wrap my head around how they do that but okay i don't feel like i'm gonna build a framework anytime soon no me either exactly other people have fun with that just like have fun okay so this does make sense um jumping knowledge of all the things i feel like that's kind of like the job a little bit is that i need to know a little bit so we use this t-shaped comb most developers have this t-shaped comb but we're just like the full comb we have a little bit of knowledge and everything and we maybe have one that's like a little bit longer so it just shows across yes i agree homie and i love that you ask if i know something homie like that i'm like oh do i yeah because i think that's something that i struggle with is i'm like i'm i'm understanding what you're seeing mm-hmm bye Chan have a wonderful day i almost thought you said you're going to lunch because your name's lunch that's amazing so anyway um i love that y'all ask me the questions to see if i know it because i think i can understand what people are saying doesn't mean that i a remember the term and be know how to say it back to someone so i appreciate these questions because i don't always remember that was when i started feeling like i was actually getting a grasp on things is when you can explain it to other people and i use this philosophy i'm in the learn build teach discord server and we go by the philosophy of learning it building with it and then teaching it to other people and once you start teaching you actually teach yourself to you learn more by teaching i really should start putting this stuff in there i just realized that i'm in that i don't discord well or slack well or i slack off pretty well but i don't i use slack well you slack well yeah um okay so this is making a lot of sense so let's look at that counter component real quick and see if we can actually break down what is going on here so this is kind of the structure of a spelt file a dot-sbelt file is basically a script tag like an html file think of it you have a script tag that holds your job a script you have your templating which is a superset of html so you can write vanilla html in there but you also have these things like that on colon click and then the curly braces puts you into java script so it's taking html and giving it superpowers so the on colon part of that is the event uh listeners that we get from java script so on click is a java script api that we could call the function on but this on colon is spelt's version of that that does a lot of the stuff behind the scenes that takes care of the state management for us so we don't have to do as much work and it does that by the equal sign so the equal sign in spelt makes a variable reactive so that let count equals zero and line two is a variable declared count is the name of it set to zero and then when we increment that count in the function even though it's an arrow function on the next line on three we're incrementing that count by one and that plus equals is an important you have to set it again in spelt so this is one thing that does throw some people off so if you're using array methods like arraypush and you're trying to update an array without actually setting it and assigning it to a new value spelt doesn't catch on to the reactivity so its reactivity is based on the assignment it needs the equal sign to actually update and so that function is then being called in that on click handler and spelt is doing the work behind the scenes of actually creating the JavaScript function for you so it's less boilerplate
push and you're trying to update an array without actually setting it and assigning it to a new value spelt doesn't catch on to the reactivity so its reactivity is based on the assignment it needs the equal sign to actually update and so that function is then being called in that on click handler and spelt is doing the work behind the scenes of actually creating the JavaScript function for you so it's less boilerplate Okay I have questions on that first off homie did you hear me thinking you for asking questions I see that you dropped so I just want to make sure go back and watch that later because I did thank you just want to make sure you know that and something that even as you're saying this and my very very first stream was about with yere and it was about like CSS JavaScript and HTML and it was to do something and I actually ended up building it in HTML because it made more sense than JavaScript but you were talking about how this has HTML is there a plugin that will identify what each line is like this is type script this is 12 this is great question I wonder if there's something out there that does that I don't know off the top of my head but that would be amazing and I would be willing to come on your stream anytime and help with that because I felt like that was really what I struggled with as a new developer also was looking at this stuff is like what is happening here so like I I can kind of like I'm pointing at my my I know I was to see like I feel like I can understand what's going on right here I'm like okay cool like that totally makes sense all you click on the button and increments it I could change the count plus equal to two and it would go up by two you always want it to load at zero all of this made sense yeah what doesn't make sense to me and I think this is a a reason why I'm not partial to one framework is I'm like they all kind of look the same so I wish I had a comparison here for you so to me what react confused me with is that it has to be wrapped in a JavaScript function so you're having a JavaScript function and then you're having your HTML in JavaScript JSX so JSX uses JavaScript to transpile the HTML basically that you're writing so react can read it and that flip and migraine from having to write JavaScript and then JSX and then flip to JavaScript and it was too many mind switches for me it's like I was trying to switch from HTML to JavaScript constantly but this keeps them separated in my brain a little bit so it it helped destructure that for me and then in the same format of writing an HTML file if we created another file in that lib folder called like HTML
Okay I have questions on that first off homie did you hear me thinking you for asking questions I see that you dropped so I just want to make sure go back and watch that later because I did thank you just want to make sure you know that and something that even as you're saying this and my very very first stream was about with yere and it was about like CSS JavaScript and HTML and it was to do something and I actually ended up building it in HTML because it made more sense than JavaScript but you were talking about how this has HTML is there a plugin that will identify what each line is like this is type script this is 12 this is great question I wonder if there's something out there that does that I don't know off the top of my head but that would be amazing and I would be willing to come on your stream anytime and help with that because I felt like that was really what I struggled with as a new developer also was looking at this stuff is like what is happening here so like I I can kind of like I'm pointing at my my I know I was to see like I feel like I can understand what's going on right here I'm like okay cool like that totally makes sense all you click on the button and increments it I could change the count plus equal to two and it would go up by two you always want it to load at zero all of this made sense yeah what doesn't make sense to me and I think this is a a reason why I'm not partial to one framework is I'm like they all kind of look the same so I wish I had a comparison here for you so to me what react confused me with is that it has to be wrapped in a JavaScript function so you're having a JavaScript function and then you're having your HTML in JavaScript JSX so JSX uses JavaScript to transpile the HTML basically that you're writing so react can read it and that flip and migraine from having to write JavaScript and then JSX and then flip to JavaScript and it was too many mind switches for me it's like I was trying to switch from HTML to JavaScript constantly but this keeps them separated in my brain a little bit so it it helped destructure that for me and then in the same format of writing an HTML file if we created another file in that lib folder called like HTMLspelt we could just start writing HTML and it would just work if you don't need JavaScript I mean you could just write vanilla HTML in a spelt file I can copy the last tutorial from free code camp for the cat photo app that they do even the HTML and the head tag and everything that shouldn't even be in a file I can put it into a spelt repel and even the form will post and work like everything just works which I can actually send you the link to that if I could find it and I think I just closed it I didn't mean to close you I think like at this point it kind of like talks us through a bit of the beginning of it that I'm gonna say you or someone else from spelt ever wants to come back on it would it kind of be cool it would kind of be it would be cool to like compare it if let's say I just load a react app you know and be able to show them side by side yeah I think that really helped with TypeScript yeah and to understand the differences just so that way a it helps in my opinion it really helps with understanding something when you're comparing it to something else where like right now again I'm just like okay cool yeah this is it I guess I like what you're saying I'm just not going to know why or how it's different than react yeah in in that code too you can do a style tag and that will allow you to do CSS but it's actually scoped just to that of component so that's another thing that spelt gives you is that your styling doesn't leak out unless you want it to so you can style that button and it would only affect the button that's in that file but it uses a style tag it uses vanilla CSS so if you're writing an HTML file you have a script tag for your JavaScript a style tag for your CSS and in your markup and it it follows the same patterns interesting interesting okay anything else you think we should go through today specifically no I think that would be really good if somebody came back on or I came back on and did like a comparison because having that I I see where that really helps and I think you've helped me with my talk a little bit now because I know I hate like the react and spelt side by side yeah I would just say like something like that just to be able to see like if I go I mean y'all let's see if I this might help us a little bit for today I'm not going to like fully go into it but this is this is why you have repose if you can figure out where you're doing stuff did we push the code um I'm not sure but I want to see yes this is back when okay there we go my react app and source source oh that was my I have a command that opened the color picker and I can't find it no that's uh I might have deleted the oh the react app um the counter oh did you in the src file maybe and there's no counter in there yeah yeah I think I deleted it um so yeah like I think if you're willing to come on the show again I think it would be really fun to a also see if I can properly build the two of them yeah install the two and then we can compare them I think that would be really really fun yes yes we are learning all of the learning and uh just to as you so properly said gonna apparently I'm having really fun like having a lot of fun with resharing and unsharing and resharing so can we add a scoped style to to that so we have a change to yeah so like in that counter dot sql file um at the bottom or wherever you want to put it just add a style tag bye Cynthia hi run the lighthouse on the two I'm actually oh the lighthouse build plugin for netlify makes me so excited um so spelt sirens the thing that I run or help co-run I keep saying that but um we have spelt sirens dot dev and the lighthouse build plugin lets you run your lighthouse scores on builds on netlify and you can see your scores right on your deploy so you don't even have to go to like web dot dev and type it in as an extra step it just shows it on my deploy now and I can see what each deploy scores get on my house that's cool and um I was just gonna say y'all I clearly cannot read because I glanced this this happens to me all the time if anybody's wondering this is something that happens with like dyslexia I saw run so I thought she was running because even if I sit here and like read the entire sentence my head went to run when Chan said bye it read he's going to launch yeah it did on it okay so um it's super fun y'all very entertaining but uh yeah so um online 12 just do a style so the little hashtag style or or I said hashtag oh my gosh less than I'm sorry wow if that's greater than less than that's lunchtime I think the first one is greater than a race that first one and then we should be good and then in the style tag so inside of the two they're hit enter and we'll go to a new line and just say button um lowercase yeah there we go and curly braces and we can just give it a background color I guess of like teal maybe just do something easy or blue violet that works save it and then um now we can and push it to get hub you've already shut down the server so we could see it if we ran the server again that was it like had it on a different line that was kind of interesting oh why did you like move it all the way over here okay whatever I love it when it does it and now we have a purple button but if we created a button in a different component it wouldn't grab those styles that makes sense and I don't know if that's accessible then might still be here yelling at us we could do maybe color white and it would be accessible yes yes and I feel like pens always in the back of my head and I'm like okay so like I do it's so funny because I'll like post something and I'm like shit I did not put something as the alt description yeah then randomly I'll be doing a gift and that's good that people are they're advocating for that and like making you think about it which is I think the important part and so now um if you want to push all these changes we can shut the server down again and do get add and we can get commit new spell tab or something I do it right why do you look so weird okay I expect us to the warnings that you're getting because of windows oh oh way in Mac okay windows has different line endings so when you hit enter on windows it's formatted differently than a Mac is and so get hub automatically knows that and or get itself maybe automatically knows that and changes it do you have to do get wait did I do all of them do it commit yeah I just did commit okay so get push should work now because we already done the hard one and it's still a period right oh no you don't have to do anything on that okay there we go now it should be up oh just one maybe next time I can show you the nullify CLI too because I really love that I can just a pull it right from my command line it's so easy yeah yay it's over yay sweet we have done it we got three oh sintony posted the link for handling line endings to she may not want to worry about that though if you're getting your Mac back no I'm totally okay if I never touch windows again I will say it did teach me a lot yeah but I personally really I just like using a Mac better but it has a lot to do with small features it's familiarity too you're used to using a Mac so it's I get it but I don't get random pop-ups like if I go through my down below it'll like randomly pop up the the weather and I'm like yo my cursor was just happened to be there don't don't do that distracting and then or like I love the search on the spotlight search and that I can get all of my texts on my MacBook yeah I think things to be really grateful for I think I have something that does the spotlight search on windows because I was trying to help my husband do something the other day and I'm like just do command space because that's the same key combo on my windows too and it didn't work for him so I think I have an app or something that does that oh yeah that makes sense that makes sense all right anyone else have questions before we end today's stream and please help me bug Britney to come back on the show again yes I would love to come back on the show yes that's gonna be fun and hopefully all my stuff is working again and then Apple did a great job tying us into their eco ecosystem yeah yeah I like I like what you did there homie I like what you did there because yes yes I am putting up with a lot and I don't even know if I'm getting it back today hopefully hopefully I hope you do me too well thank you everyone and tomorrow is going to be our mental health and neurodiversity and tech twitter space same time every Wednesday and Thursday we're doing something I probably look at the schedule I'll be somewhere doing something yeah I mean we're doing a live stream but I can find me a beat comp the rest of the day I will be in a beat comp 945 pm tonight I go live for beat comp yeah at least tell me you're gonna take a nap no I probably won't take a nap but I will take a break I have three kids so I have to take them to orthodox appointment library like all right you got a busy life well thank you so much for your time bye everyone yeah
spelt we could just start writing HTML and it would just work if you don't need JavaScript I mean you could just write vanilla HTML in a spelt file I can copy the last tutorial from free code camp for the cat photo app that they do even the HTML and the head tag and everything that shouldn't even be in a file I can put it into a spelt repel and even the form will post and work like everything just works which I can actually send you the link to that if I could find it and I think I just closed it I didn't mean to close you I think like at this point it kind of like talks us through a bit of the beginning of it that I'm gonna say you or someone else from spelt ever wants to come back on it would it kind of be cool it would kind of be it would be cool to like compare it if let's say I just load a react app you know and be able to show them side by side yeah I think that really helped with TypeScript yeah and to understand the differences just so that way a it helps in my opinion it really helps with understanding something when you're comparing it to something else where like right now again I'm just like okay cool yeah this is it I guess I like what you're saying I'm just not going to know why or how it's different than react yeah in in that code too you can do a style tag and that will allow you to do CSS but it's actually scoped just to that of component so that's another thing that spelt gives you is that your styling doesn't leak out unless you want it to so you can style that button and it would only affect the button that's in that file but it uses a style tag it uses vanilla CSS so if you're writing an HTML file you have a script tag for your JavaScript a style tag for your CSS and in your markup and it it follows the same patterns interesting interesting okay anything else you think we should go through today specifically no I think that would be really good if somebody came back on or I came back on and did like a comparison because having that I I see where that really helps and I think you've helped me with my talk a little bit now because I know I hate like the react and spelt side by side yeah I would just say like something like that just to be able to see like if I go I mean y'all let's see if I this might help us a little bit for today I'm not going to like fully go into it but this is this is why you have repose if you can figure out where you're doing stuff did we push the code um I'm not sure but I want to see yes this is back when okay there we go my react app and source source oh that was my I have a command that opened the color picker and I can't find it no that's uh I might have deleted the oh the react app um the counter oh did you in the src file maybe and there's no counter in there yeah yeah I think I deleted it um so yeah like I think if you're willing to come on the show again I think it would be really fun to a also see if I can properly build the two of them yeah install the two and then we can compare them I think that would be really really fun yes yes we are learning all of the learning and uh just to as you so properly said gonna apparently I'm having really fun like having a lot of fun with resharing and unsharing and resharing so can we add a scoped style to to that so we have a change to yeah so like in that counter dot sql file um at the bottom or wherever you want to put it just add a style tag bye Cynthia hi run the lighthouse on the two I'm actually oh the lighthouse build plugin for netlify makes me so excited um so spelt sirens the thing that I run or help co-run I keep saying that but um we have spelt sirens dot dev and the lighthouse build plugin lets you run your lighthouse scores on builds on netlify and you can see your scores right on your deploy so you don't even have to go to like web dot dev and type it in as an extra step it just shows it on my deploy now and I can see what each deploy scores get on my house that's cool and um I was just gonna say y'all I clearly cannot read because I glanced this this happens to me all the time if anybody's wondering this is something that happens with like dyslexia I saw run so I thought she was running because even if I sit here and like read the entire sentence my head went to run when Chan said bye it read he's going to launch yeah it did on it okay so um it's super fun y'all very entertaining but uh yeah so um online 12 just do a style so the little hashtag style or or I said hashtag oh my gosh less than I'm sorry wow if that's greater than less than that's lunchtime I think the first one is greater than a race that first one and then we should be good and then in the style tag so inside of the two they're hit enter and we'll go to a new line and just say button um lowercase yeah there we go and curly braces and we can just give it a background color I guess of like teal maybe just do something easy or blue violet that works save it and then um now we can and push it to get hub you've already shut down the server so we could see it if we ran the server again that was it like had it on a different line that was kind of interesting oh why did you like move it all the way over here okay whatever I love it when it does it and now we have a purple button but if we created a button in a different component it wouldn't grab those styles that makes sense and I don't know if that's accessible then might still be here yelling at us we could do maybe color white and it would be accessible yes yes and I feel like pens always in the back of my head and I'm like okay so like I do it's so funny because I'll like post something and I'm like shit I did not put something as the alt description yeah then randomly I'll be doing a gift and that's good that people are they're advocating for that and like making you think about it which is I think the important part and so now um if you want to push all these changes we can shut the server down again and do get add and we can get commit new spell tab or something I do it right why do you look so weird okay I expect us to the warnings that you're getting because of windows oh oh way in Mac okay windows has different line endings so when you hit enter on windows it's formatted differently than a Mac is and so get hub automatically knows that and or get itself maybe automatically knows that and changes it do you have to do get wait did I do all of them do it commit yeah I just did commit okay so get push should work now because we already done the hard one and it's still a period right oh no you don't have to do anything on that okay there we go now it should be up oh just one maybe next time I can show you the nullify CLI too because I really love that I can just a pull it right from my command line it's so easy yeah yay it's over yay sweet we have done it we got three oh sintony posted the link for handling line endings to she may not want to worry about that though if you're getting your Mac back no I'm totally okay if I never touch windows again I will say it did teach me a lot yeah but I personally really I just like using a Mac better but it has a lot to do with small features it's familiarity too you're used to using a Mac so it's I get it but I don't get random pop-ups like if I go through my down below it'll like randomly pop up the the weather and I'm like yo my cursor was just happened to be there don't don't do that distracting and then or like I love the search on the spotlight search and that I can get all of my texts on my MacBook yeah I think things to be really grateful for I think I have something that does the spotlight search on windows because I was trying to help my husband do something the other day and I'm like just do command space because that's the same key combo on my windows too and it didn't work for him so I think I have an app or something that does that oh yeah that makes sense that makes sense all right anyone else have questions before we end today's stream and please help me bug Britney to come back on the show again yes I would love to come back on the show yes that's gonna be fun and hopefully all my stuff is working again and then Apple did a great job tying us into their eco ecosystem yeah yeah I like I like what you did there homie I like what you did there because yes yes I am putting up with a lot and I don't even know if I'm getting it back today hopefully hopefully I hope you do me too well thank you everyone and tomorrow is going to be our mental health and neurodiversity and tech twitter space same time every Wednesday and Thursday we're doing something I probably look at the schedule I'll be somewhere doing something yeah I mean we're doing a live stream but I can find me a beat comp the rest of the day I will be in a beat comp 945 pm tonight I go live for beat comp yeah at least tell me you're gonna take a nap no I probably won't take a nap but I will take a break I have three kids so I have to take them to orthodox appointment library like all right you got a busy life well thank you so much for your time bye everyone yeah