Hello, hello beautiful humans. Welcome to another episode of learning with Laura, teach and Python tech. That is a very, very long time. But I did it, I did it. That is, this is our Python series and we are going from once every other week to once a week. Very exciting Very exciting. We spend Mondays with Laura is how the show goes. And I like starting every week with you because it's like, I have episodes where I'm just like, this goes way over my head
Very exciting. We spend Mondays with Laura is how the show goes. And I like starting every week with you because it's like, I have episodes where I'm just like, this goes way over my head But I know I need to like, kind of start to understand what it is, but it's like, I don't know what they just said in me. They're like, Kubernetes is going to take some time. Go. That one's going to take some time. I dabbled in a bit of Android dev last week. Okay
But I know I need to like, kind of start to understand what it is, but it's like, I don't know what they just said in me. They're like, Kubernetes is going to take some time. Go. That one's going to take some time. I dabbled in a bit of Android dev last week. Okay Okay. And that was actually pretty cool. We went more through history stuff. And then with then going to the like development, but I actually got an Android tablet that we are going to deploy an app on Friday. Ooh, exciting. Yeah, yeah
Okay. And that was actually pretty cool. We went more through history stuff. And then with then going to the like development, but I actually got an Android tablet that we are going to deploy an app on Friday. Ooh, exciting. Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah. But for those who are new to this show, I learned a lot of random tech. And that is why it's called Teach Gen Tech. And good morning, homie. Also, we have been doing this for goodness. I've had the show for three, almost four months. Lots has been learned. Lots more to learn
Yeah, yeah. But for those who are new to this show, I learned a lot of random tech. And that is why it's called Teach Gen Tech. And good morning, homie. Also, we have been doing this for goodness. I've had the show for three, almost four months. Lots has been learned. Lots more to learn Lots more to learn. And as I said, Laura is the regular, but Laura, please introduce yourself. Hi, I'm Laura. I'm a technical writer at suborbital software systems. I was previously a math professor. And I got into technical writing because I really wanted to keep teaching
Lots more to learn. And as I said, Laura is the regular, but Laura, please introduce yourself. Hi, I'm Laura. I'm a technical writer at suborbital software systems. I was previously a math professor. And I got into technical writing because I really wanted to keep teaching And so here we are on Teach Gen Tech. Yay
And so here we are on Teach Gen Tech. Yay Yay. And I think it's really cool because I actually have a conversation with a friend of mine this morning is when it comes, when it comes to like learning, if it's text based, which coding is I have a harder time comprehending it compared to like talking through with someone
Yay. And I think it's really cool because I actually have a conversation with a friend of mine this morning is when it comes, when it comes to like learning, if it's text based, which coding is I have a harder time comprehending it compared to like talking through with someone And that's a big reason that I started the show is I could do like a boot camp or a very like structured version of this, but that's not how my mind worked. So, and luckily, people are willing to come on the show. And yes, Laura, so you know, you can call homie homie, BJ or Ben. Okay
And that's a big reason that I started the show is I could do like a boot camp or a very like structured version of this, but that's not how my mind worked. So, and luckily, people are willing to come on the show. And yes, Laura, so you know, you can call homie homie, BJ or Ben. Okay Okay. I've personally stuck with is stuck with stuck with that's a word. Uh, homie because we have, you know, Ben Myers who's on the show a lot. Sure. So I'm like, that's my different theater. Whatever you would like. I just wanted to read that one out loud. Uh huh
Okay. I've personally stuck with is stuck with stuck with that's a word. Uh, homie because we have, you know, Ben Myers who's on the show a lot. Sure. So I'm like, that's my different theater. Whatever you would like. I just wanted to read that one out loud. Uh huh Uh huh. The dog decided that she wanted to come in. And thank you, Ryan. The dog decided that she wanted to come in and join today. And she's been driving me bonkers. So if we hear her in the background, my apologies. All right. I don't know. I love it when the when the when the wildlife shows up
Uh huh. The dog decided that she wanted to come in. And thank you, Ryan. The dog decided that she wanted to come in and join today. And she's been driving me bonkers. So if we hear her in the background, my apologies. All right. I don't know. I love it when the when the when the wildlife shows up That is a good way of saying it when the wildlife is up. I dig it. All right. So we are, I need to get back to the right tab. Doing a lot today, we have the practice questions from last week. And then we are going to move on to chapter three, which is exciting
That is a good way of saying it when the wildlife is up. I dig it. All right. So we are, I need to get back to the right tab. Doing a lot today, we have the practice questions from last week. And then we are going to move on to chapter three, which is exciting So, uh, I wasn't installing stuff like working on installing stuff. And now this doesn't clear off. But oh, okay. I know this one control. Control. Oh, thank you. It was driving me amazing. Because I like, I closed it. Everything. And it wasn't going away. So thank you for that. I appreciate it
So, uh, I wasn't installing stuff like working on installing stuff. And now this doesn't clear off. But oh, okay. I know this one control. Control. Oh, thank you. It was driving me amazing. Because I like, I closed it. Everything. And it wasn't going away. So thank you for that. I appreciate it I appreciate it. All right. So we talked about bullion and operator, those kind of operators last week. So I have 14 questions to go through, which as Laura has been reminding me, it is not a test
I appreciate it. All right. So we talked about bullion and operator, those kind of operators last week. So I have 14 questions to go through, which as Laura has been reminding me, it is not a test It is, do I remember conversation, which Laura said there's a really cool way of learning stuff or remembering, but she wouldn't tell me before the show. Okay. So search for enki, an k i and k i we're going to really hope that this is appropriate. Uh, it is, it is 100%. Enki. Yeah
It is, do I remember conversation, which Laura said there's a really cool way of learning stuff or remembering, but she wouldn't tell me before the show. Okay. So search for enki, an k i and k i we're going to really hope that this is appropriate. Uh, it is, it is 100%. Enki. Yeah Enki. Yeah. So enki is a way of making your own flashcards. And you know what? Maybe I will, if you don't mind, I'll share my screen so I can show you all my yeah. Enki. Let's do it in our decks. That's why I've learning. Okay, okay. So I got this and share. screen Oh, Ryan uses Enki too as well
Enki. Yeah. So enki is a way of making your own flashcards. And you know what? Maybe I will, if you don't mind, I'll share my screen so I can show you all my yeah. Enki. Let's do it in our decks. That's why I've learning. Okay, okay. So I got this and share. screen Oh, Ryan uses Enki too as well Not like 2.0 as well. Okay. So this is Enki. And or my my Enki deck anyway. So I have a bunch of different or set of Enki decks. In fact, so I have a bunch of different things that I have been working on or am currently working on. So let's look at let's look at my Python deck
Not like 2.0 as well. Okay. So this is Enki. And or my my Enki deck anyway. So I have a bunch of different or set of Enki decks. In fact, so I have a bunch of different things that I have been working on or am currently working on. So let's look at let's look at my Python deck So this is a deck that I started when I was learning Python. A lot of the questions in here are prompts in here come from the book that we're working in because this is the book that I use to learn Python. So if I click study now, so basic core code completion shortcut
So this is a deck that I started when I was learning Python. A lot of the questions in here are prompts in here come from the book that we're working in because this is the book that I use to learn Python. So if I click study now, so basic core code completion shortcut And so then I ask myself like, what is what is the basic code completion shortcut. And I have not looked at this deck in a while
And so then I ask myself like, what is what is the basic code completion shortcut. And I have not looked at this deck in a while And so I feel like it should be tab because that's what I would normally do like in a terminal if I were about to type something then I could press tab and it would like finish it would complete what I was going to say. So then I ask myself, okay, so my sure it's tab
And so I feel like it should be tab because that's what I would normally do like in a terminal if I were about to type something then I could press tab and it would like finish it would complete what I was going to say. So then I ask myself, okay, so my sure it's tab I'm going to go with tab show answer. It's wrong. So it's control plus shift plus enter. So I got that all the way wrong. So I have four options here where I can I can rate how accurately and quickly and easily I answered this question. So since I got it all the way wrong, I would click again
I'm going to go with tab show answer. It's wrong. So it's control plus shift plus enter. So I got that all the way wrong. So I have four options here where I can I can rate how accurately and quickly and easily I answered this question. So since I got it all the way wrong, I would click again If I had gotten it right, but it was like I got it right, but I had to really think about it, then I could click hard and then good and easy or sort of good is, yep, I got it and easy is like, yeah, it was just right in my cognitive muscle memory
If I had gotten it right, but it was like I got it right, but I had to really think about it, then I could click hard and then good and easy or sort of good is, yep, I got it and easy is like, yeah, it was just right in my cognitive muscle memory And then so since I'm going to say again, so when card study even one minute. So right now down here, we've got zero plus one plus 19. So that's going to add to 20 because that's the number of cards I've told Anki, I want to see I want to review in a session
And then so since I'm going to say again, so when card study even one minute. So right now down here, we've got zero plus one plus 19. So that's going to add to 20 because that's the number of cards I've told Anki, I want to see I want to review in a session And this is one is red because I had one wrong and 19 are green because the last time I answered those questions, I got them right
And this is one is red because I had one wrong and 19 are green because the last time I answered those questions, I got them right And so then you just keep going through this process and it will, if you answer a question correctly, then the next time it'll say, like show me it'll be, it'll ask you again in one day. And if you get it right again in one day, then the next time it'll space it out to three days
And so then you just keep going through this process and it will, if you answer a question correctly, then the next time it'll say, like show me it'll be, it'll ask you again in one day. And if you get it right again in one day, then the next time it'll space it out to three days And then it'll space it out further. And it's coming back to that space repetition that I think we've talked about before. And this is like the grand mother of space repetition. This is space repetition structured
And then it'll space it out further. And it's coming back to that space repetition that I think we've talked about before. And this is like the grand mother of space repetition. This is space repetition structured So first off, thank you for showing this because I, and this is something that I am pretty sure I've told you, but if not, I want to say it again. Thank you for always teaching me the ways of learning too
So first off, thank you for showing this because I, and this is something that I am pretty sure I've told you, but if not, I want to say it again. Thank you for always teaching me the ways of learning too That's something that I really, really struggled with of in case anybody wanted to know, I technically dropped out my senior year, but my mom, like when bananas in the fact that she was like, you went through all this summer school, how could you do this
That's something that I really, really struggled with of in case anybody wanted to know, I technically dropped out my senior year, but my mom, like when bananas in the fact that she was like, you went through all this summer school, how could you do this And so she commenced the school that I had enough credits to graduate, which I feel very fortunate for
And so she commenced the school that I had enough credits to graduate, which I feel very fortunate for But I graduated with like a 1.66 GPA, like straight Ds, basically. And I say that in the fact of I never learned very good studying habits. So like my mind would have never gone to this never in a million years, what a thought of this
But I graduated with like a 1.66 GPA, like straight Ds, basically. And I say that in the fact of I never learned very good studying habits. So like my mind would have never gone to this never in a million years, what a thought of this I've never understood flashcards like in the fact of I think with the what we're working on right now, it has the questions
I've never understood flashcards like in the fact of I think with the what we're working on right now, it has the questions So like I could go put those questions in there, yet at the same time, if it was just like, I don't know, building a react app with beat and versel, I was like, how what would I put in my in there to like remember stuff. So now I know who to bug later on
So like I could go put those questions in there, yet at the same time, if it was just like, I don't know, building a react app with beat and versel, I was like, how what would I put in my in there to like remember stuff. So now I know who to bug later on It gets way cooler than what I just showed you to. It's so powerful. You can put all kinds of different stuff in there. You can put in, when I set this up, I wasn't proficient in Anki
It gets way cooler than what I just showed you to. It's so powerful. You can put all kinds of different stuff in there. You can put in, when I set this up, I wasn't proficient in Anki So when I set up that Python deck, because it's like my very first deck, but my newer ones have, you know what, I'll just, I'm just going to show you even though this is not a, this is not a thing. It's a learning. It's a learning. You know what? Thank you for reminding me
So when I set up that Python deck, because it's like my very first deck, but my newer ones have, you know what, I'll just, I'm just going to show you even though this is not a, this is not a thing. It's a learning. It's a learning. You know what? Thank you for reminding me Yeah, this is I get to do whatever I think. So this Vim deck is a more recent one for me. And so it shows up with this box that you can actually type in, which is what makes a lot more sense. If you're trying to learn syntax, you don't want to just think it
Yeah, this is I get to do whatever I think. So this Vim deck is a more recent one for me. And so it shows up with this box that you can actually type in, which is what makes a lot more sense. If you're trying to learn syntax, you don't want to just think it You want to type it because you want to get that like connection, neural logical connection into your fingers for what you need to type for this. So this is substitute Neo for old globally. And that would be, we need mod s. Actually, we probably need a colon first mod s, uh, you old G for globally
You want to type it because you want to get that like connection, neural logical connection into your fingers for what you need to type for this. So this is substitute Neo for old globally. And that would be, we need mod s. Actually, we probably need a colon first mod s, uh, you old G for globally Okay. And then I'm going to and so you can actually, you can actually type it in and it'll let you know it does show you. Oh my gosh, this would have been so helpful with math because like this is before I knew I was dyslexic
Okay. And then I'm going to and so you can actually, you can actually type it in and it'll let you know it does show you. Oh my gosh, this would have been so helpful with math because like this is before I knew I was dyslexic So like I would be doing the problems properly, but like I would put the period in the wrong space or at the wrong part of it or um where like this is really cool because it like shows the two and what you did correctly and what you didn't do correctly. Yeah
So like I would be doing the problems properly, but like I would put the period in the wrong space or at the wrong part of it or um where like this is really cool because it like shows the two and what you did correctly and what you didn't do correctly. Yeah Yeah. So this is, I actually used this command all the time. So I got it wrong on purpose so that it would show us um yeah stuff that was wrong. So what it's saying is hey look, you didn't put in um the the what was wrong this
Yeah. So this is, I actually used this command all the time. So I got it wrong on purpose so that it would show us um yeah stuff that was wrong. So what it's saying is hey look, you didn't put in um the the what was wrong this Oh, I had I haven't dash here where I shouldn't have had um and I swapped the new and the old. Mm hmm
Oh, I had I haven't dash here where I shouldn't have had um and I swapped the new and the old. Mm hmm Mm hmm. So it'll actually show me so then I can say like again or if if I know because this is all about you rating your own knowledge right somebody else is not looking at this somebody else is not grading you
Mm hmm. So it'll actually show me so then I can say like again or if if I know because this is all about you rating your own knowledge right somebody else is not looking at this somebody else is not grading you So if you know that you just had a typo and you know this thing you don't have to say oh my god, it wrong because I know because I use this all the time that I know this and so instead I'm just going to say good um and then it'll it'll ask me again in like some number of days
So if you know that you just had a typo and you know this thing you don't have to say oh my god, it wrong because I know because I use this all the time that I know this and so instead I'm just going to say good um and then it'll it'll ask me again in like some number of days You can also do it with like music files, you can put in images, it is incredibly powerful, ridiculously powerful
You can also do it with like music files, you can put in images, it is incredibly powerful, ridiculously powerful So anyway that's Anki and that is um what is really being it's been really integral to my my learning um and you know some days or some months in fact you have bad months and so then you go back to it and you just have to click like again again again on like all of them and so on and you can just pick it back up and it'll learn like okay you forgot these things so now I'm going to go back I'm going to bring it back instead of asking you again in six months about this thing I'm going to ask you tomorrow
So anyway that's Anki and that is um what is really being it's been really integral to my my learning um and you know some days or some months in fact you have bad months and so then you go back to it and you just have to click like again again again on like all of them and so on and you can just pick it back up and it'll learn like okay you forgot these things so now I'm going to go back I'm going to bring it back instead of asking you again in six months about this thing I'm going to ask you tomorrow How much time do you just like do 20 questions or do you do x amount of time per day like these are things I overthink about but I mean it's totally up to you and like what your goals are. So when I was first starting out and there was just a ton that I needed to learn I would set a time goal
How much time do you just like do 20 questions or do you do x amount of time per day like these are things I overthink about but I mean it's totally up to you and like what your goals are. So when I was first starting out and there was just a ton that I needed to learn I would set a time goal Now it's more of a number of cards goal um because I can go through the cards super fast so I don't need to spend 20 minutes a day on cards because I'd be going through hundreds and hundreds of cards um but you can you can you can oh and like Ryan says you can you can customize like I want to see this many of cards per day from this deck but I want to see I only want five cards a day from this other deck because this one
Now it's more of a number of cards goal um because I can go through the cards super fast so I don't need to spend 20 minutes a day on cards because I'd be going through hundreds and hundreds of cards um but you can you can you can oh and like Ryan says you can you can customize like I want to see this many of cards per day from this deck but I want to see I only want five cards a day from this other deck because this one Oh so it can be something next. Oh yes. What? Well you you see one deck at a time. Okay but you can customize the settings per deck. What? And like the number of review cards versus the number of new cards
Oh so it can be something next. Oh yes. What? Well you you see one deck at a time. Okay but you can customize the settings per deck. What? And like the number of review cards versus the number of new cards So I used to set mine at like 20 new and five review was like my default but then for some decks I'd be changing that up and like okay I want I want more new cards um and so on
So I used to set mine at like 20 new and five review was like my default but then for some decks I'd be changing that up and like okay I want I want more new cards um and so on Okay y'all this is like the coolest thing ever and it also has um you can download for iPhone and Android 2 which I'm pretty excited about because we just got the tablet to so that way I can do like the Android dev stuff. So like this is another use for the tablet
Okay y'all this is like the coolest thing ever and it also has um you can download for iPhone and Android 2 which I'm pretty excited about because we just got the tablet to so that way I can do like the Android dev stuff. So like this is another use for the tablet Yay! You can literally be standing in line at Costco doing your Anky cards. Yeah. And uh thank you homie I did uh he said uh more motivated to uh help gen returkle. Let's go. Yes. Thank you
Yay! You can literally be standing in line at Costco doing your Anky cards. Yeah. And uh thank you homie I did uh he said uh more motivated to uh help gen returkle. Let's go. Yes. Thank you It is um definitely learning it's uh people it's it's kind of crazy because like just as like a side note and I really want to iterate this for like everyone is a lot of people don't realize that I'm not great at learning because I'm very perceptive and I can pick things up very very quickly because like just because of that but when I don't know something I really really don't know it like at all like cameras it sounds really weird but cameras and I I still don't understand like f-stop and you know exposure like I've taken multiple camera classes
It is um definitely learning it's uh people it's it's kind of crazy because like just as like a side note and I really want to iterate this for like everyone is a lot of people don't realize that I'm not great at learning because I'm very perceptive and I can pick things up very very quickly because like just because of that but when I don't know something I really really don't know it like at all like cameras it sounds really weird but cameras and I I still don't understand like f-stop and you know exposure like I've taken multiple camera classes I intern at a videography um uh production studio and it just never ever clicked and I think a lot of it was not being able to do it repetitively to really learn it and also in a language that I could learn it in so thank you like this is like mind blowing to me. Right? So yes. Bananas. Bananas
I intern at a videography um uh production studio and it just never ever clicked and I think a lot of it was not being able to do it repetitively to really learn it and also in a language that I could learn it in so thank you like this is like mind blowing to me. Right? So yes. Bananas. Bananas Oh and um be chants so glad that my hand gestures aren't distracting because I worried that they were going to be and then I was like you know what I just I gotta be me and hands they're just gonna move and thus I like tie them to the chair so I do hand gestures I like they don't flail um which I find this very interesting um just a random side note for y'all
Oh and um be chants so glad that my hand gestures aren't distracting because I worried that they were going to be and then I was like you know what I just I gotta be me and hands they're just gonna move and thus I like tie them to the chair so I do hand gestures I like they don't flail um which I find this very interesting um just a random side note for y'all This is the a taekwondo sweatshirt from 7th or 8th grade like a shirt is over 20 years old and so I find it really interesting that we're talking about school and I'm wearing the shirt. Wow. So cool. Bananas
This is the a taekwondo sweatshirt from 7th or 8th grade like a shirt is over 20 years old and so I find it really interesting that we're talking about school and I'm wearing the shirt. Wow. So cool. Bananas So cool. Bananas. All right so Anki needs to be uh bookmarked really quick and I also like the idea because um what I'm gonna be doing next is the CLI commands and so to do that I'm looking at it again and I like how I could even do this to remember the CLI commands
So cool. Bananas. All right so Anki needs to be uh bookmarked really quick and I also like the idea because um what I'm gonna be doing next is the CLI commands and so to do that I'm looking at it again and I like how I could even do this to remember the CLI commands So yeah yeah I have I have a a git deck. Okay so I want to clone clone no that's a gist. Core commands authorize browse gist issue you know release workflow
So yeah yeah I have I have a a git deck. Okay so I want to clone clone no that's a gist. Core commands authorize browse gist issue you know release workflow Did it the other day? Um so this is to use the GitHub CLI right? Yeah because I was gonna open the project like clone it and why and you probably you probably have a good reason for this. So this is not me being like I think you do not have a good reason for this
Did it the other day? Um so this is to use the GitHub CLI right? Yeah because I was gonna open the project like clone it and why and you probably you probably have a good reason for this. So this is not me being like I think you do not have a good reason for this This is me wanting to know your very good reason for using the GitHub CLI instead of git. Probably because I've gotten used to using my headphones just disconnected one second. I don't know why they do this all of a sudden come back. Okay we're connected. Sorry
This is me wanting to know your very good reason for using the GitHub CLI instead of git. Probably because I've gotten used to using my headphones just disconnected one second. I don't know why they do this all of a sudden come back. Okay we're connected. Sorry You're good um I think it's because I've looked I learned command line back before I started on all of this and if I'm gonna have to use command line for some things I'm just trying to put all things that could be in command line in there so that way when people ask me about it I have more use to it
You're good um I think it's because I've looked I learned command line back before I started on all of this and if I'm gonna have to use command line for some things I'm just trying to put all things that could be in command line in there so that way when people ask me about it I have more use to it Git does happen in the command line. It happens in your terminal which is a command line interface a CLI. Okay. Git hub has its own command line interface and I've installed that
Git does happen in the command line. It happens in your terminal which is a command line interface a CLI. Okay. Git hub has its own command line interface and I've installed that I just didn't know because like well what I was gonna try to do and maybe I'm making it way too complicated which I maybe is I know that I'm gonna do something that will let me go to code. Oh okay that's what I'm trying to do is this right here this is what I'm trying to do
I just didn't know because like well what I was gonna try to do and maybe I'm making it way too complicated which I maybe is I know that I'm gonna do something that will let me go to code. Oh okay that's what I'm trying to do is this right here this is what I'm trying to do Click the HTTPS tab instead of the good hub CLI tab and you can still use that button but you can just use straight up git instead of the git hub CLI so here you can yeah mm-hmm go ahead. mm-hmm go ahead
Click the HTTPS tab instead of the good hub CLI tab and you can still use that button but you can just use straight up git instead of the git hub CLI so here you can yeah mm-hmm go ahead. mm-hmm go ahead mm-hmm go ahead. Although in fact you don't actually need to make a directory first because it'll not one for you with the same name as the repo. So you can just type git clone space paste that link. There you go enter
mm-hmm go ahead. Although in fact you don't actually need to make a directory first because it'll not one for you with the same name as the repo. So you can just type git clone space paste that link. There you go enter There you go enter. Oh and now do an LS and what you'll see is you've got that learning Python repo cloned
There you go enter. Oh and now do an LS and what you'll see is you've got that learning Python repo cloned So the GitHub CLI I would say is probably like now I have not used it so I am why are you speculating here but I think it's probably I'm not sure why they made it so like there is a use case for why you would use the GitHub CLI and just instead of just your straight terminal in my experience you're more likely to be using the terminal than you are the GitHub CLI and apparently the code the commands are different and all the commands that you're going to find in like stack overflow and like all of the stuff when you're trying to figure this stuff out they're all going to be git not the GitHub CLI commands and so I think that git will get you farther than the GitHub CLI
So the GitHub CLI I would say is probably like now I have not used it so I am why are you speculating here but I think it's probably I'm not sure why they made it so like there is a use case for why you would use the GitHub CLI and just instead of just your straight terminal in my experience you're more likely to be using the terminal than you are the GitHub CLI and apparently the code the commands are different and all the commands that you're going to find in like stack overflow and like all of the stuff when you're trying to figure this stuff out they're all going to be git not the GitHub CLI commands and so I think that git will get you farther than the GitHub CLI So my bias is toward let's just let's just do straight git. Is there then on that note. So I would just look at git CLI. Git is a command like it's a it's a language that you use within a command line. So you would just look up like git commands and I have a favorite resource for this
So my bias is toward let's just let's just do straight git. Is there then on that note. So I would just look at git CLI. Git is a command like it's a it's a language that you use within a command line. So you would just look up like git commands and I have a favorite resource for this Learn let me see. I love how we're like 24 minutes into this and we haven't started the Python yet and that is okay. This is I'm not going to lie this is a big reason I really appreciate doing the stuff with you Laura
Learn let me see. I love how we're like 24 minutes into this and we haven't started the Python yet and that is okay. This is I'm not going to lie this is a big reason I really appreciate doing the stuff with you Laura And this is like my it's weird to say like a safe space to do like really really basic stuff. And it's like I don't and I want to say like I do want to call it out like I don't feel dumb asking questions to everyone but you really pick up when I need the basics first
And this is like my it's weird to say like a safe space to do like really really basic stuff. And it's like I don't and I want to say like I do want to call it out like I don't feel dumb asking questions to everyone but you really pick up when I need the basics first Not everybody is able to pick that up. So I really appreciate that on Mondays. I'm like you're helping me build good patterns not just teaching me that to learn the tech you have to build patterns to build the patterns a lot of people already know them
Not everybody is able to pick that up. So I really appreciate that on Mondays. I'm like you're helping me build good patterns not just teaching me that to learn the tech you have to build patterns to build the patterns a lot of people already know them I don't know them so you really help me break them down in and then also check on me and be like yo yo did you do this? Do you remember
I don't know them so you really help me break them down in and then also check on me and be like yo yo did you do this? Do you remember Do you remember? So it's been really helpful so I do I agree I'm like this is good stuff and it's important so I appreciate that you all think that too because this is what I think a lot of newbies don't necessarily she is a permanent Monday guest
Do you remember? So it's been really helpful so I do I agree I'm like this is good stuff and it's important so I appreciate that you all think that too because this is what I think a lot of newbies don't necessarily she is a permanent Monday guest Yep already already established. Yep she didn't know this when she started. She was going to come on once and then we convinced her to every other week and then as of last week she said she would come on week so yes she's a permanent Monday guest. Yeah I love being able to start Mondays with Laura
Yep already already established. Yep she didn't know this when she started. She was going to come on once and then we convinced her to every other week and then as of last week she said she would come on week so yes she's a permanent Monday guest. Yeah I love being able to start Mondays with Laura This stuff that we're talking about is actually content in an MIT I think it's online only CS course called the Missing semester where they actually teach you like Git and commands at like terminal commands and things like that
This stuff that we're talking about is actually content in an MIT I think it's online only CS course called the Missing semester where they actually teach you like Git and commands at like terminal commands and things like that So the what we want to do is I'll put the link in the private chat I guess because I just realized I can't put it in the thingy. Come back or good. Here we go. Learn Git branching.js.org. This is my safe space for fucking around with Git and figuring shit out
So the what we want to do is I'll put the link in the private chat I guess because I just realized I can't put it in the thingy. Come back or good. Here we go. Learn Git branching.js.org. This is my safe space for fucking around with Git and figuring shit out And so it'll actually show you what like literally show you what's happening with different Git commands and you can then put these into your Inky Deck. Your Git Inky Deck that is. Hold on we have to do a new bug mark folder. You get your own folder. That's exciting
And so it'll actually show you what like literally show you what's happening with different Git commands and you can then put these into your Inky Deck. Your Git Inky Deck that is. Hold on we have to do a new bug mark folder. You get your own folder. That's exciting That's exciting. And yes, I rank with D&D I noticed. Yeah yeah. So I feel special because your own here every week so you gotta stack overflow having used it yet. But yeah, you're on here every week that it's something that it does really. This is kind of fun. Yeah
That's exciting. And yes, I rank with D&D I noticed. Yeah yeah. So I feel special because your own here every week so you gotta stack overflow having used it yet. But yeah, you're on here every week that it's something that it does really. This is kind of fun. Yeah Yeah. I will be distracted by this all day. I will close that. We got it open. There we go. Okay, let us go to the Python. And these questions too, you can put in your Inky Deck later. Okay. And maybe that's how we will do next weeks is I'll have it in the Inky Deck. And we could do them all
Yeah. I will be distracted by this all day. I will close that. We got it open. There we go. Okay, let us go to the Python. And these questions too, you can put in your Inky Deck later. Okay. And maybe that's how we will do next weeks is I'll have it in the Inky Deck. And we could do them all We'll just do a quiz week for the first three weeks. Let's see if I can figure it out. Okay. What are two types of Boolean data type? What are the two values of the Boolean data type? How do you do you write them? I believe true and false. Correct. How would I write them? I don't know. Yeah
We'll just do a quiz week for the first three weeks. Let's see if I can figure it out. Okay. What are two types of Boolean data type? What are the two values of the Boolean data type? How do you do you write them? I believe true and false. Correct. How would I write them? I don't know. Yeah Yeah. So it's a little bit like when I read this, I'm like, okay, do you mean when you say how do you write them? Do you mean like literally how do you type T-R-U-E? And I think yes
Yeah. So it's a little bit like when I read this, I'm like, okay, do you mean when you say how do you write them? Do you mean like literally how do you type T-R-U-E? And I think yes And I think that the question would be, is it a capital T or a lowercase? That's what I can come up with for what this question is trying to ask me. Okay, because I like in my mind, I'm like, it's an uppercase T or an uppercase. Like the first letter is uppercase. Could be
And I think that the question would be, is it a capital T or a lowercase? That's what I can come up with for what this question is trying to ask me. Okay, because I like in my mind, I'm like, it's an uppercase T or an uppercase. Like the first letter is uppercase. Could be Could be. I literally don't even remember. So this is the kind of thing where I have to go back and like check things like that because it's tricky in my brain. Yeah, it is lowercase. It'll oh yeah, yeah, okay, this is why it goes in my head
Could be. I literally don't even remember. So this is the kind of thing where I have to go back and like check things like that because it's tricky in my brain. Yeah, it is lowercase. It'll oh yeah, yeah, okay, this is why it goes in my head So when you type it, you have to type it with the capital T. When it gets returned, it's a lowercase T. Yeah, that's not going to be interesting at all
So when you type it, you have to type it with the capital T. When it gets returned, it's a lowercase T. Yeah, that's not going to be interesting at all Right, that's that's why I was like, no, because I can literally, I have sort of a visual memory and so like I can literally picture it with the capital T and I can picture it with a lowercase T. Why can I picture? Okay, so what are the Boolean operators? Which you guys might have just seen
Right, that's that's why I was like, no, because I can literally, I have sort of a visual memory and so like I can literally picture it with the capital T and I can picture it with a lowercase T. Why can I picture? Okay, so what are the Boolean operators? Which you guys might have just seen I was on that one. I was like, oh, wait, I should feel like it's greater than or less than R1 equal to and not equal to. So those are the, they're sort of mathematical operators, but they're comparison operators. Okay. Okay, so it's number five. I'm thinking of number five then. Okay. Yep
I was on that one. I was like, oh, wait, I should feel like it's greater than or less than R1 equal to and not equal to. So those are the, they're sort of mathematical operators, but they're comparison operators. Okay. Okay, so it's number five. I'm thinking of number five then. Okay. Yep Okay. Yep. What do you have with three Boolean operators? Uh, and or, and or? What is the remaining possibility? And or not? There you go
Okay. Yep. What do you have with three Boolean operators? Uh, and or, and or? What is the remaining possibility? And or not? There you go Oh, yay! Right out the truth tables of each Boolean operator that is every possible combination of the Boolean values for the operator and what they evaluate to. This is the kind of thing that's way super fun for me. We didn't actually go over the truth tables. Should we go look at them? Sure
Oh, yay! Right out the truth tables of each Boolean operator that is every possible combination of the Boolean values for the operator and what they evaluate to. This is the kind of thing that's way super fun for me. We didn't actually go over the truth tables. Should we go look at them? Sure It's a little bit like a multiplication table in the sense that it like shows all the possible combinations like all the possible values of all the possible numbers or whatever. Okay. Yeah
It's a little bit like a multiplication table in the sense that it like shows all the possible combinations like all the possible values of all the possible numbers or whatever. Okay. Yeah Okay. Yeah. So I think what he's got here is the the truth table just for the or, but you can have one for and and you can have one for not and like all the combinations thereof and so on. Okay. So yeah. So I'm just thinking if I do, uh, these make sense, uh, the or ones, oh, there we go
Okay. Yeah. So I think what he's got here is the the truth table just for the or, but you can have one for and and you can have one for not and like all the combinations thereof and so on. Okay. So yeah. So I'm just thinking if I do, uh, these make sense, uh, the or ones, oh, there we go And ones were right above it. Mm-hmm. So the thing that we need to know is that for and both, it's so these are binary up and and or binary operators because you have to be comparing two things to each or yeah, comparing two things to each other
And ones were right above it. Mm-hmm. So the thing that we need to know is that for and both, it's so these are binary up and and or binary operators because you have to be comparing two things to each or yeah, comparing two things to each other So if they are both true, then and is going to be true. And this works the same way like in colloquial English. If you would say, um, today is is October with the hell 17th and today is Monday. If that that's a true statement, right? But if I said today is October 17th and it's Tuesday, it's false
So if they are both true, then and is going to be true. And this works the same way like in colloquial English. If you would say, um, today is is October with the hell 17th and today is Monday. If that that's a true statement, right? But if I said today is October 17th and it's Tuesday, it's false False. Yeah. Because they weren't both true. Today is October 17th and my mom's birthday. Have you had your birthday, Jen's mom? Yeah. And that's true. No. Um, we scroll down for or only it's it's at least one of them has to be true. They can both be true, but at least one of them has to be true
False. Yeah. Because they weren't both true. Today is October 17th and my mom's birthday. Have you had your birthday, Jen's mom? Yeah. And that's true. No. Um, we scroll down for or only it's it's at least one of them has to be true. They can both be true, but at least one of them has to be true Yeah. And I think that's the confusing part is if it's true or false, why are they true? So it does work the same way in English
Yeah. And I think that's the confusing part is if it's true or false, why are they true? So it does work the same way in English So like you would say, um, if, if, um, like, so you're going to the grocery store, um, pick up some, you know, depending on what's in stock, pick up some coffee or pick up some tea. And I guess where my head would go would be, what if they're both in stock? Sure
So like you would say, um, if, if, um, like, so you're going to the grocery store, um, pick up some, you know, depending on what's in stock, pick up some coffee or pick up some tea. And I guess where my head would go would be, what if they're both in stock? Sure And then maybe that would be like, you pick up both potentially, um, but bulk has both are true. But like, at least one of them has to be true. Um, or like, oh, at least one of these is stock, you know, I'm not, that's not a very good example
And then maybe that would be like, you pick up both potentially, um, but bulk has both are true. But like, at least one of them has to be true. Um, or like, oh, at least one of these is stock, you know, I'm not, that's not a very good example No, I think, um, I think, uh, just like how you just said it of like, if kind of like, if they have coffee, get coffee, more if they're out, get tea. Yeah
No, I think, um, I think, uh, just like how you just said it of like, if kind of like, if they have coffee, get coffee, more if they're out, get tea. Yeah Yeah. And so then when you, when the person comes back, if the coffee was in stock, they'll have the coffee or if the tea is stock, they'll have the tea. So both of those are true. Yeah. Either of them were in stock, they come back with nothing. Okay. Yeah. That makes sure. That makes sense
Yeah. And so then when you, when the person comes back, if the coffee was in stock, they'll have the coffee or if the tea is stock, they'll have the tea. So both of those are true. Yeah. Either of them were in stock, they come back with nothing. Okay. Yeah. That makes sure. That makes sense That makes sense. That makes sure. That makes sense. Um, and then, okay, the knots totally make sense. I would, I didn't realize that knot was actually the answer. Because it's so intuitive. Yes. That we're like questioning it. Okay. Yes. Yes
That makes sense. That makes sure. That makes sense. Um, and then, okay, the knots totally make sense. I would, I didn't realize that knot was actually the answer. Because it's so intuitive. Yes. That we're like questioning it. Okay. Yes. Yes Okay. Yes. Yes. So this one is, so not true is the opposite, which is false and not false is the opposite, which is true. Yeah. Okay. So that was number two and number three. Cool. Uh, what do the following expressions evaluate to? Thank you, but, Karry and thanks y'all. Yeah
Okay. Yes. Yes. So this one is, so not true is the opposite, which is false and not false is the opposite, which is true. Yeah. Okay. So that was number two and number three. Cool. Uh, what do the following expressions evaluate to? Thank you, but, Karry and thanks y'all. Yeah Yeah. Uh, I already called her. I faced timed her. Don't worry. I did call. Um, in case anyone's curious, I'm really bad at actually mailing birthday cards. Cards in general. Just, it's physical. So half the time my mom doesn't get one, which she loves birthday cards
Yeah. Uh, I already called her. I faced timed her. Don't worry. I did call. Um, in case anyone's curious, I'm really bad at actually mailing birthday cards. Cards in general. Just, it's physical. So half the time my mom doesn't get one, which she loves birthday cards So last night, I'm like studying her a video of I'm like, nah, it actually is going in the mailbox before your birthday technically. It's granted it Sunday. You'll get it after, but it's in the mailbox. Um, so she was very excited about it. But thank you, but Karry as well
So last night, I'm like studying her a video of I'm like, nah, it actually is going in the mailbox before your birthday technically. It's granted it Sunday. You'll get it after, but it's in the mailbox. Um, so she was very excited about it. But thank you, but Karry as well Uh, so five is greater than four and three is not five. I don't remember what this one means is equal to. It is equal to. Mm hmm. What's the difference between um, the one equals and two equals? So one equals is assignment. And so you can read it as like, gets
Uh, so five is greater than four and three is not five. I don't remember what this one means is equal to. It is equal to. Mm hmm. What's the difference between um, the one equals and two equals? So one equals is assignment. And so you can read it as like, gets Oh, so like if you do like, uh, true equals five, that's an assignment or five equals true or something. Neither of those would be allowed, particularly because like, you can't say that five is, because five is a thing in Python, right, but you could say like a variable X equals two. Okay, okay
Oh, so like if you do like, uh, true equals five, that's an assignment or five equals true or something. Neither of those would be allowed, particularly because like, you can't say that five is, because five is a thing in Python, right, but you could say like a variable X equals two. Okay, okay Okay, okay. Um, so then that would be false because three does not equal five. Right. Uh, what if it had been an or instead of an end? It would still be false because three still does not equal five
Okay, okay. Um, so then that would be false because three does not equal five. Right. Uh, what if it had been an or instead of an end? It would still be false because three still does not equal five So what's the difference between and an or? Oh, it would be true because with or it's default is true if one of them are correct. So at least one, at least one. So yes, one would be. Yeah. Okay. There's something else
So what's the difference between and an or? Oh, it would be true because with or it's default is true if one of them are correct. So at least one, at least one. So yes, one would be. Yeah. Okay. There's something else The reason that I keep harbing on the at least at least one is because there's another operator called an XOR, which is exclusive or which means it can only be one of these. Okay. But or is at least one. Okay. Uh, not five is greater than four
The reason that I keep harbing on the at least at least one is because there's another operator called an XOR, which is exclusive or which means it can only be one of these. Okay. But or is at least one. Okay. Uh, not five is greater than four False because five is greater than four and it's saying that five is not greater than four. Uh, it's negating the value, the truth value of five greater than four. Yeah. Okay. And then five is greater than four or hey, we changed it to or so this one's true. So we've done that one. Yeah
False because five is greater than four and it's saying that five is not greater than four. Uh, it's negating the value, the truth value of five greater than four. Yeah. Okay. And then five is greater than four or hey, we changed it to or so this one's true. So we've done that one. Yeah Yeah. Not five is greater than four or three is equal to five. True because one of them is correct. It so what's the difference between like line four and line five there? Uh, it's saying that one of these are negate is negated and so three is not equal to five. So therefore that not is true
Yeah. Not five is greater than four or three is equal to five. True because one of them is correct. It so what's the difference between like line four and line five there? Uh, it's saying that one of these are negate is negated and so three is not equal to five. So therefore that not is true So in fact, what it's doing is check out the parentheses. This is where I like working in an an IDE, not that that would change it because this is a book, but the IDE like I like to use rainbow brackets because it'll color so I can tell the difference between our master brackets
So in fact, what it's doing is check out the parentheses. This is where I like working in an an IDE, not that that would change it because this is a book, but the IDE like I like to use rainbow brackets because it'll color so I can tell the difference between our master brackets So what it's negating is everything that's inside of the nested parentheses. So it would be false because it's inside the entire parentheses, not just right. Yeah. So the what's inside the entire parentheses is the same thing that's online for and the truth value of line four is true
So what it's negating is everything that's inside of the nested parentheses. So it would be false because it's inside the entire parentheses, not just right. Yeah. So the what's inside the entire parentheses is the same thing that's online for and the truth value of line four is true So we're doing not true. So it would be false. And true and true and true is equal to false. So this would be false. That's correct. And not false or not true. That is true because it's an or because it's true or false and on all the true or false is they were true. Yeah
So we're doing not true. So it would be false. And true and true and true is equal to false. So this would be false. That's correct. And not false or not true. That is true because it's an or because it's true or false and on all the true or false is they were true. Yeah Yeah. What are the six comparison operators? I was mentioning these earlier. Greater than equal to I don't know. Less than is that compared to different one? We got greater than and less than. Okay. Equal. Double equals or it would assignment be one of them
Yeah. What are the six comparison operators? I was mentioning these earlier. Greater than equal to I don't know. Less than is that compared to different one? We got greater than and less than. Okay. Equal. Double equals or it would assignment be one of them So it's double equals but not equals because assignment isn't comparing something. It's assigning. Okay. So greater than less than double equals. I'm just saying that so that way I remember it. Greater than equal to less than equal to not equal to and the not equal to is the backslash equal. Right
So it's double equals but not equals because assignment isn't comparing something. It's assigning. Okay. So greater than less than double equals. I'm just saying that so that way I remember it. Greater than equal to less than equal to not equal to and the not equal to is the backslash equal. Right Right. It's exclamation point equal. Bang equal. I'm going to look at it. Come on. You got to have like a chart or something. Um, we can make a control like a command F like a find in page for such where like not equal. No, not equal. Yeah. Oh, there we go. Okay. Okay. Cool. Cool. Cool. Yeah
Right. It's exclamation point equal. Bang equal. I'm going to look at it. Come on. You got to have like a chart or something. Um, we can make a control like a command F like a find in page for such where like not equal. No, not equal. Yeah. Oh, there we go. Okay. Okay. Cool. Cool. Cool. Yeah Cool. Cool. Yeah. All right. So and we're going to get through the quiz. Explain what a condition is and where you would use one. Uh, if George is yellow then there you go. It would be true. Yeah. If George is orange, that it would be false. Sure. So it's like if we could see George
Cool. Cool. Yeah. All right. So and we're going to get through the quiz. Explain what a condition is and where you would use one. Uh, if George is yellow then there you go. It would be true. Yeah. If George is orange, that it would be false. Sure. So it's like if we could see George That the word that you said first. If yes. And you would use it in the charts we were making. You can use it in code too, right? Like we wrote some if statements. Yes. Okay. Identify the three blocks in this code. I feel like this is going to be cheating though if I bring it up
That the word that you said first. If yes. And you would use it in the charts we were making. You can use it in code too, right? Like we wrote some if statements. Yes. Okay. Identify the three blocks in this code. I feel like this is going to be cheating though if I bring it up For bringing like if I copy it and put it because it will tell me, uh, it'll give me squigglys. Oh, it actually pasted it. Did it base it the same way? Yeah. Okay. Uh, so blocks of code. I would say what it didn't be like this is a block of code. Yeah
For bringing like if I copy it and put it because it will tell me, uh, it'll give me squigglys. Oh, it actually pasted it. Did it base it the same way? Yeah. Okay. Uh, so blocks of code. I would say what it didn't be like this is a block of code. Yeah Yeah. This is block of code and then the first one is a block of code. Hmm. Yep. Every time you have to indent your ins a new, well, yeah. Every time you've got like nested indentations. Okay. Got new blocks. Okay. So every so it would be a block within a block within a block. Sure. Yep
Yeah. This is block of code and then the first one is a block of code. Hmm. Yep. Every time you have to indent your ins a new, well, yeah. Every time you've got like nested indentations. Okay. Got new blocks. Okay. So every so it would be a block within a block within a block. Sure. Yep Sure. Yep. And that's that's kind of what we have going on here because we have nested if statements because the first thing that we look at is if spam is equal to 10, then we're going to print eggs and then we're going to go into a new if statement within the outer one
Sure. Yep. And that's that's kind of what we have going on here because we have nested if statements because the first thing that we look at is if spam is equal to 10, then we're going to print eggs and then we're going to go into a new if statement within the outer one These are the matricca dolls, right? Yes. Yes. And Ryan, you definitely have a point. Doesn't matter. No. I still like, so when Lauren, I first started recording, we talked about like the, the stigmas and fear that is goes into learning and specifically math
These are the matricca dolls, right? Yes. Yes. And Ryan, you definitely have a point. Doesn't matter. No. I still like, so when Lauren, I first started recording, we talked about like the, the stigmas and fear that is goes into learning and specifically math And so when I'm like, yeah, it's definitely and this is why I appreciate that Laura does this is it's like finally undoing a lot of that. It's like that, you know, that feel the fear and do it anyway. Yes
And so when I'm like, yeah, it's definitely and this is why I appreciate that Laura does this is it's like finally undoing a lot of that. It's like that, you know, that feel the fear and do it anyway. Yes Yes. Which when I first heard it felt sort of condescending like, okay, it's scary, but you just have to whatever. Yeah. But what it says is feel the fear. It doesn't say ignore the fear. Um, as my mind is not like me saying it, it's my term, fuck it. You feel it. You don't want to do it
Yes. Which when I first heard it felt sort of condescending like, okay, it's scary, but you just have to whatever. Yeah. But what it says is feel the fear. It doesn't say ignore the fear. Um, as my mind is not like me saying it, it's my term, fuck it. You feel it. You don't want to do it Just do it anyway. And for all of those, we finally got the dog to calm down. So you may hear her randomly snoring in the background. Oh, that's the best. She is, she is, she finally went to sleep, which is good. So if you hear snoring, it's her. Um, all right
Just do it anyway. And for all of those, we finally got the dog to calm down. So you may hear her randomly snoring in the background. Oh, that's the best. She is, she is, she finally went to sleep, which is good. So if you hear snoring, it's her. Um, all right Um, all right. Right code that prints hello if one is stored in spam prints two if howdy is stored in spam and three prints greetings. Wait, isn't this what that? Where does my there? Oh, we just did this though. Right code if spam
Um, all right. Right code that prints hello if one is stored in spam prints two if howdy is stored in spam and three prints greetings. Wait, isn't this what that? Where does my there? Oh, we just did this though. Right code if spam Right code if spam. If can you scoot your IDE over and the browser over so that we can see the. I just typed it in for line nine or line 33. Oh, gotcha. Sorry. But let me make this bigger because it's even small for me and on stand at the big screen. So. There we go. Okay
Right code if spam. If can you scoot your IDE over and the browser over so that we can see the. I just typed it in for line nine or line 33. Oh, gotcha. Sorry. But let me make this bigger because it's even small for me and on stand at the big screen. So. There we go. Okay There we go. Okay. But I like your idea better. I thought my idea would work. It didn't so. I'm looking at the comments and Ryan says. exclamation so Laura and I literally don't know what that means. I think it shout out, but I need a set up
There we go. Okay. But I like your idea better. I thought my idea would work. It didn't so. I'm looking at the comments and Ryan says. exclamation so Laura and I literally don't know what that means. I think it shout out, but I need a set up So y'all something that I'll be doing this week is setting up OBS and working on some screenshots for show my dot chat for. Hactoborfest because since I finally got my proper get hub name, the two Hactoborfest PRs that I had are null and void. So I have to. Yeah, I have to get a few more
So y'all something that I'll be doing this week is setting up OBS and working on some screenshots for show my dot chat for. Hactoborfest because since I finally got my proper get hub name, the two Hactoborfest PRs that I had are null and void. So I have to. Yeah, I have to get a few more I have to get four PRs so I got to hurry up and do that and to do that. So I think. Like the exclamation SO or like they did some earlier exclamation stuff. Like clap is if I had OBS set up, it would clap on this screen. Oh, okay. I think. Okay. Gotcha
I have to get four PRs so I got to hurry up and do that and to do that. So I think. Like the exclamation SO or like they did some earlier exclamation stuff. Like clap is if I had OBS set up, it would clap on this screen. Oh, okay. I think. Okay. Gotcha Okay. Gotcha. Y'all let me know if that's because I was literally reading it like Python code. So that would be like not not shout out Laura and I was like. No, they love you. Sorry, did I do something offensive? Gotcha. Okay. Yeah. So okay. Well, yes, shout out to Laura. All right
Okay. Gotcha. Y'all let me know if that's because I was literally reading it like Python code. So that would be like not not shout out Laura and I was like. No, they love you. Sorry, did I do something offensive? Gotcha. Okay. Yeah. So okay. Well, yes, shout out to Laura. All right All right. So write code that prints hello if one is stored in spam. Prince two if stored in spam and Prince greeting if anything else is stored in spam. So I feel like it's like basically this but I think it's like Prince hello. Okay. Hello if stored in spam. So. Uh, so
All right. So write code that prints hello if one is stored in spam. Prince two if stored in spam and Prince greeting if anything else is stored in spam. So I feel like it's like basically this but I think it's like Prince hello. Okay. Hello if stored in spam. So. Uh, so So. Uh, so. Because if I do spam equals zero, then it means that I could equal anything, right? No, it means it's zero. I'm really bubbling for right now. I'm going to leave that link for right now. One? Equal one. And. Uh Hello. And. and ... OH ..
So. Uh, so. Because if I do spam equals zero, then it means that I could equal anything, right? No, it means it's zero. I'm really bubbling for right now. I'm going to leave that link for right now. One? Equal one. And. Uh Hello. And. and ... OH .. And. and ... OH ... aaaaaaaaA Bylee Spain Iclus Duk I'm going to put it on the top right corner. I'm going to put it on the top right corner. I'm going to put it on the top right corner. I'm going to put it on the top right corner. I feel like I'm missing something
And. and ... OH ... aaaaaaaaA Bylee Spain Iclus Duk I'm going to put it on the top right corner. I'm going to put it on the top right corner. I'm going to put it on the top right corner. I'm going to put it on the top right corner. I feel like I'm missing something That's okay because we're going to iterate until we get to where we want to be. What we did was we got past the blank page problem. We got some code down. I'm going to make it that way. I can only see this one. I guess I could just run it. I think there should be a way to do this
That's okay because we're going to iterate until we get to where we want to be. What we did was we got past the blank page problem. We got some code down. I'm going to make it that way. I can only see this one. I guess I could just run it. I think there should be a way to do this It would be similar to a Jupyter notebook. I can make a new page, I guess. It will get me practice on. just asked as a statement is J. J. Where's J? We're just going to call this being. And we're la. Cool. And is this the run? Run Python file? Oh, yeah, no. Why not? Because it did everything
It would be similar to a Jupyter notebook. I can make a new page, I guess. It will get me practice on. just asked as a statement is J. J. Where's J? We're just going to call this being. And we're la. Cool. And is this the run? Run Python file? Oh, yeah, no. Why not? Because it did everything Why did it do everything? I feel like that. But I don't know. If spam equals one, print hello. What it means? Did it do everything? Oh, no. It didn't do howdy. Right. Oh, because I need an input. No, your input was fine. So your input was one, right? Okay
Why did it do everything? I feel like that. But I don't know. If spam equals one, print hello. What it means? Did it do everything? Oh, no. It didn't do howdy. Right. Oh, because I need an input. No, your input was fine. So your input was one, right? Okay So let's look at what it's going to do line by line. Okay. Okay. So what's happening online too? If spam equals one, oh, I need an input spam. Like I haven't asked people to put spam in, right? You don't have to. Okay. You've declared a value for spam
So let's look at what it's going to do line by line. Okay. Okay. So what's happening online too? If spam equals one, oh, I need an input spam. Like I haven't asked people to put spam in, right? You don't have to. Okay. You've declared a value for spam So if spam is equal to one, then what's it going to do? Print hello. And then what's it going to do? If spam equals two, print howdy. And then everything else print greetings. But spam can't equal one and two. That's true. You'd have to change the declaration of what spam is somewhere in there
So if spam is equal to one, then what's it going to do? Print hello. And then what's it going to do? If spam equals two, print howdy. And then everything else print greetings. But spam can't equal one and two. That's true. You'd have to change the declaration of what spam is somewhere in there Okay. So then why did it print greetings? I don't know. Because this is this is a nested if statement. Right. We've got if spam is equal to one, we're going to print hello. And then we're going to check and see if spam is equal to two. If it's equal to two, then we're going to say howdy
Okay. So then why did it print greetings? I don't know. Because this is this is a nested if statement. Right. We've got if spam is equal to one, we're going to print hello. And then we're going to check and see if spam is equal to two. If it's equal to two, then we're going to say howdy And if not, we're going to print greetings. So you declared spam to be one. So in line two, the computer said, okay, if spam equal to one, yes, it is. So given that that was true, I need to print howdy. Then I need to check, is spam equal to two? Well, no
And if not, we're going to print greetings. So you declared spam to be one. So in line two, the computer said, okay, if spam equal to one, yes, it is. So given that that was true, I need to print howdy. Then I need to check, is spam equal to two? Well, no So we're in the else and we're going to print greetings. So then what happened is that your second if statement is in your first if statement. Oh, we got the go it to the next goals. That's right
So we're in the else and we're going to print greetings. So then what happened is that your second if statement is in your first if statement. Oh, we got the go it to the next goals. That's right That's right. And you know what you can do when you need to move, change the indentation of a bunch of lines at the same time, you can select them all and press shift tab to move them all back at once. Sniffles. So it would be or if spam back at the question statement
That's right. And you know what you can do when you need to move, change the indentation of a bunch of lines at the same time, you can select them all and press shift tab to move them all back at once. Sniffles. So it would be or if spam back at the question statement So it's supposed to print one or hello if spam is one and it's supposed to print greetings if anything else is stored in spam. So the else, if you look at your code, the else is associated with which if statement. The first one and it should be associated with both
So it's supposed to print one or hello if spam is one and it's supposed to print greetings if anything else is stored in spam. So the else, if you look at your code, the else is associated with which if statement. The first one and it should be associated with both It's actually not associated with the first one. It's associated with the second one. The first one has no else statement. Oh, oh, so what we can do instead of doing to if statements is remember there was something else we had if and we had else and there was a third option. If I'll sir if love
It's actually not associated with the first one. It's associated with the second one. The first one has no else statement. Oh, oh, so what we can do instead of doing to if statements is remember there was something else we had if and we had else and there was a third option. If I'll sir if love Yeah, exactly. Hello. So how does it but if I don't have like an input of what to type, wouldn't I need an input of what to type to make it work. You declared online one that spam was equal to one
Yeah, exactly. Hello. So how does it but if I don't have like an input of what to type, wouldn't I need an input of what to type to make it work. You declared online one that spam was equal to one Oh, so you could change you could put like a loop in there so that like it can get user input but you don't have to. Yep, you can do that. Sure. Oh, I think you should need parentheses after the input like an and open and closed because input is a it's a function
Oh, so you could change you could put like a loop in there so that like it can get user input but you don't have to. Yep, you can do that. Sure. Oh, I think you should need parentheses after the input like an and open and closed because input is a it's a function So in Python, you don't usually split up your brackets like you do in lots of other languages. They usually stay on the same line. Yeah. I just wasn't typing in our area. There you go. Oh, no. You have to put it and now you don't do it in it. It wasn't because of the space though
So in Python, you don't usually split up your brackets like you do in lots of other languages. They usually stay on the same line. Yeah. I just wasn't typing in our area. There you go. Oh, no. You have to put it and now you don't do it in it. It wasn't because of the space though I think you just hadn't pressed run again. It doesn't need a space in input. It doesn't hurt it. It's fine, but it doesn't need it. Okay, so one. No, one. It's still on my greetings. Okay
I think you just hadn't pressed run again. It doesn't need a space in input. It doesn't hurt it. It's fine, but it doesn't need it. Okay, so one. No, one. It's still on my greetings. Okay Okay. So what's going on here? Did it? What is the problem here? The Frank Freeman said this might actually be a different kind of issue. You know what? Put below line one. Put a print spam. Print parentheses spam. And let's just see what's getting stored in spam to make sure that that's correct
Okay. So what's going on here? Did it? What is the problem here? The Frank Freeman said this might actually be a different kind of issue. You know what? Put below line one. Put a print spam. Print parentheses spam. And let's just see what's getting stored in spam to make sure that that's correct Oh, wait, are you saving in between before you run? Yeah, I was, but I just making sure this has been saved. I don't want to save. Well, I could just like I just hit save save. Keep saying one unsaved. I think it's actually the loriz cool.py that it's considering unsaved maybe. There we go
Oh, wait, are you saving in between before you run? Yeah, I was, but I just making sure this has been saved. I don't want to save. Well, I could just like I just hit save save. Keep saying one unsaved. I think it's actually the loriz cool.py that it's considering unsaved maybe. There we go There we go. Okay, so go ahead and press an input. Or sorry, enter an input in your run your run your program and it'll prompt you for the input. There you go. And now it should okay. So it's printing one and so why is it going to reading still? So let's see
There we go. Okay, so go ahead and press an input. Or sorry, enter an input in your run your run your program and it'll prompt you for the input. There you go. And now it should okay. So it's printing one and so why is it going to reading still? So let's see So if spam is equal to one and print hello else if and then else. So why is it not printing hello? Oh, oh, oh, you know what? I think that the the else if and the else are supposed to be indented. Oh, there you go. And Ryan said, I believe to know why it always runs the else branch
So if spam is equal to one and print hello else if and then else. So why is it not printing hello? Oh, oh, oh, you know what? I think that the the else if and the else are supposed to be indented. Oh, there you go. And Ryan said, I believe to know why it always runs the else branch I'm not sure if I should tell you why yet. Not yet. Thank you for asking. Yes. Okay, this one. Oh, it doesn't need to be as indented, right? No, I just pretty good bad. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, do the view problem. Because this is a really good skill to learn. Okay
I'm not sure if I should tell you why yet. Not yet. Thank you for asking. Yes. Okay, this one. Oh, it doesn't need to be as indented, right? No, I just pretty good bad. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, do the view problem. Because this is a really good skill to learn. Okay Okay. Hint the data type of the return value of input. Yeah. So what when we type one, so it's a really sneaky thing. And that's why I like I didn't even I didn't catch it at first. When we enter the one, what kind of input? Oh, you know what? Okay, this is a totally good skill
Okay. Hint the data type of the return value of input. Yeah. So what when we type one, so it's a really sneaky thing. And that's why I like I didn't even I didn't catch it at first. When we enter the one, what kind of input? Oh, you know what? Okay, this is a totally good skill So this function is input that's part of Python, right? Let's look up what this function is going to return to us. So we can, do you have what happens if you hover over input? There we go. Oh, it doesn't have a string or a integer. It's going to return us a string
So this function is input that's part of Python, right? Let's look up what this function is going to return to us. So we can, do you have what happens if you hover over input? There we go. Oh, it doesn't have a string or a integer. It's going to return us a string See how like at the end, it's got like red arrow and then STR. It's going to give us back a string. So we said we're looking for the number one. But what we type in is going to come back as a string. So what's coming back is the string one. Oh, so how can we and this is something we've done before
See how like at the end, it's got like red arrow and then STR. It's going to give us back a string. So we said we're looking for the number one. But what we type in is going to come back as a string. So what's coming back is the string one. Oh, so how can we and this is something we've done before We like what you can cast a spell to turn something into something else. And it's literally called casting in programming languages. We can cast something as something else. So we don't want this to be an integer. We want to cast or sorry, we don't want it to be a string
We like what you can cast a spell to turn something into something else. And it's literally called casting in programming languages. We can cast something as something else. So we don't want this to be an integer. We want to cast or sorry, we don't want it to be a string We want to cast it as an integer. So we need to cast the integer spell on our string. So we can nest that input function within the integer spell function. And then how do we abbreviate integer in, well, most programming languages, but specifically in Python? And that's a function
We want to cast it as an integer. So we need to cast the integer spell on our string. So we can nest that input function within the integer spell function. And then how do we abbreviate integer in, well, most programming languages, but specifically in Python? And that's a function And so it needs to have parentheses. So you would delete the space. And then, yeah, and then put your closing friends on the other end. There we go. And now if we rerun this, we're going to be good because we have casted, cast our string as an integer, which is what we're looking for
And so it needs to have parentheses. So you would delete the space. And then, yeah, and then put your closing friends on the other end. There we go. And now if we rerun this, we're going to be good because we have casted, cast our string as an integer, which is what we're looking for Yay! So that technique of hovering over a function so that it can tell you what it wants you to give it. And what it's going to give you is really helpful for this kind of problem where you're like, I'm looking at this code. And as far as I can tell, this fucker should be right
Yay! So that technique of hovering over a function so that it can tell you what it wants you to give it. And what it's going to give you is really helpful for this kind of problem where you're like, I'm looking at this code. And as far as I can tell, this fucker should be right You know, and then you can look at it and be like, okay, so if it's not right, then that must mean that you're returning something that's not what I'm expecting you to return. Right. Please tell me what you're going to return
You know, and then you can look at it and be like, okay, so if it's not right, then that must mean that you're returning something that's not what I'm expecting you to return. Right. Please tell me what you're going to return And thank you, everyone, for also only doing hints instead of doing it away. Granted, I sometimes hate making these mistakes live because I feel like I'm done for doing it
And thank you, everyone, for also only doing hints instead of doing it away. Granted, I sometimes hate making these mistakes live because I feel like I'm done for doing it But yet, I really appreciate everybody's help and especially Laura being so kind as I'm doing it too because I'm like, okay, this is why I'm doing these live strings
But yet, I really appreciate everybody's help and especially Laura being so kind as I'm doing it too because I'm like, okay, this is why I'm doing these live strings This is why this is the kind of thing though that happens to everybody, you know, even if you've been doing it forever, like I've been writing Python for a long time, and I didn't catch it right away. Yeah. Well, I ran. I've been writing Python for two years. Bye. Thanks for joining us
This is why this is the kind of thing though that happens to everybody, you know, even if you've been doing it forever, like I've been writing Python for a long time, and I didn't catch it right away. Yeah. Well, I ran. I've been writing Python for two years. Bye. Thanks for joining us Yeah, I think it's definitely something to where it's just like, it's hard to make the mistakes in public so much. But thank you. Thank you for. Ooh, what key is getting pressed if you're stuck in an infinite loop? Comancy? Yes. Something very similar to Comancy. Control C. Yes. Control C. Yes
Yeah, I think it's definitely something to where it's just like, it's hard to make the mistakes in public so much. But thank you. Thank you for. Ooh, what key is getting pressed if you're stuck in an infinite loop? Comancy? Yes. Something very similar to Comancy. Control C. Yes. Control C. Yes Control C. Yes. Yes. What up, pseudo? And, uh, all right. What is the difference between break and continue? Let's see. Break will do it when the loop is done. And continue. Continue to do the loop no matter what. Very, very close. So break makes the loop be done. Break means stop looping here
Control C. Yes. Yes. What up, pseudo? And, uh, all right. What is the difference between break and continue? Let's see. Break will do it when the loop is done. And continue. Continue to do the loop no matter what. Very, very close. So break makes the loop be done. Break means stop looping here And move on with whatever is next in your life. Continue. Go to the top of the loop. Oh, yeah, yeah. Okay. It doesn't necessarily mean it's not just keep looping. It's a very specific thing. Go to the top. Yeah. And, uh, thank you. I'm going to see if I can say your name close to right. Fuck you
And move on with whatever is next in your life. Continue. Go to the top of the loop. Oh, yeah, yeah. Okay. It doesn't necessarily mean it's not just keep looping. It's a very specific thing. Go to the top. Yeah. And, uh, thank you. I'm going to see if I can say your name close to right. Fuck you Fuck you. I hope. Thank you for saying that because I think a lot of it is this is a big reason why people don't go into coding because especially if like being newer to it. Yes, I'm figuring it out from um, um, the book and I'm following along with the book
Fuck you. I hope. Thank you for saying that because I think a lot of it is this is a big reason why people don't go into coding because especially if like being newer to it. Yes, I'm figuring it out from um, um, the book and I'm following along with the book But it's like also very difficult because I'm like, uh, I don't even know where to start. And that's why again, I love having Laura on because then she, she like gives me time to try it. And then this like, Jen's really stuck. Okay. Let's try to redirect. Um, all right
But it's like also very difficult because I'm like, uh, I don't even know where to start. And that's why again, I love having Laura on because then she, she like gives me time to try it. And then this like, Jen's really stuck. Okay. Let's try to redirect. Um, all right Um, all right. What is the difference between range 10, range zero, uh, comma space 10 and range zero comma space 10 comma space one in for loop? Honestly, I don't think we want to go over this. I don't think we did
Um, all right. What is the difference between range 10, range zero, uh, comma space 10 and range zero comma space 10 comma space one in for loop? Honestly, I don't think we want to go over this. I don't think we did Um, but, uh, something tells me it has something to do with how many loops it goes through. Yes. So let's use the technique that we just learned. So range is a function. We can tell us a function because it takes an input because it says range parentheses 10
Um, but, uh, something tells me it has something to do with how many loops it goes through. Yes. So let's use the technique that we just learned. So range is a function. We can tell us a function because it takes an input because it says range parentheses 10 That means that that is a function and we're giving it the argument 10. So that means that if we type the function range into your IDE and then we hover over it, the IDE will tell us what it does with it's with the arguments that we pass it. So, um, like just hover don't click. There we go
That means that that is a function and we're giving it the argument 10. So that means that if we type the function range into your IDE and then we hover over it, the IDE will tell us what it does with it's with the arguments that we pass it. So, um, like just hover don't click. There we go There we go. Range stop. So that's the one number. Uh, range object range is start stop or start stop step. Mm hmm. So there are optional arguments that we can pass to this, um, this range function. If we pass it just one argument, that's going to be the number that makes it stop
There we go. Range stop. So that's the one number. Uh, range object range is start stop or start stop step. Mm hmm. So there are optional arguments that we can pass to this, um, this range function. If we pass it just one argument, that's going to be the number that makes it stop If we pass it two numbers separated by a comma, it'll start at the first number and it'll stop at the second number. If we pass it three arguments, it'll start at the first number, stop at the second number, and the third number will be how much it'll increment by. So let's do one. Okay
If we pass it two numbers separated by a comma, it'll start at the first number and it'll stop at the second number. If we pass it three arguments, it'll start at the first number, stop at the second number, and the third number will be how much it'll increment by. So let's do one. Okay Okay. Let's actually use this function. Um, so let's print. Can I do it on the same in this or you want me to do a new file? Oh, let's do a new file. Something I think we should work on next time is figuring out how to execute just, um, a selection. Um, and yeah. Oh, yeah, pseudo
Okay. Let's actually use this function. Um, so let's print. Can I do it on the same in this or you want me to do a new file? Oh, let's do a new file. Something I think we should work on next time is figuring out how to execute just, um, a selection. Um, and yeah. Oh, yeah, pseudo Oh, yeah, pseudo. Yeah, it's the, it's the kind of thing where like when you use something forever, you don't think of it necessarily as a function. It's just it's the thing. And at least that happens for me anyway. Um, and that. But, but it is totally a function because we're passing it arguments
Oh, yeah, pseudo. Yeah, it's the, it's the kind of thing where like when you use something forever, you don't think of it necessarily as a function. It's just it's the thing. And at least that happens for me anyway. Um, and that. But, but it is totally a function because we're passing it arguments Okay. Uh, all right. And as a general, do you want to put up the comment that I was just responding to? Because otherwise this is going to make no sense in the. Yes. Yes. Thank you. Thank you. And as a heads up, y'all, um, there is, uh, we have like 15 minutes left
Okay. Uh, all right. And as a general, do you want to put up the comment that I was just responding to? Because otherwise this is going to make no sense in the. Yes. Yes. Thank you. Thank you. And as a heads up, y'all, um, there is, uh, we have like 15 minutes left So I think we have enough time to do the range, which apparently we're not going to get to chapter three today, which is, okay, you know, we're, we're getting there. We're getting there. Um, if you're interested in following along with our journey every Monday, please hit that follow button
So I think we have enough time to do the range, which apparently we're not going to get to chapter three today, which is, okay, you know, we're, we're getting there. We're getting there. Um, if you're interested in following along with our journey every Monday, please hit that follow button And normally, as a heads up, I totally forgot about it today. We also stream on Laura's stream. And today I forgot to sorry, Laura. Oh, that's okay. I totally spaced it until like right this second. No worries. Um, so that way she also has, um, an audience that can learn a lot from Laura
And normally, as a heads up, I totally forgot about it today. We also stream on Laura's stream. And today I forgot to sorry, Laura. Oh, that's okay. I totally spaced it until like right this second. No worries. Um, so that way she also has, um, an audience that can learn a lot from Laura That's why I really like learn with Laura. Great term for Mondays. All right. All right. So, so let's print. Let's use that, that 10 as an argument to print to range. Sorry. There we go. So would I do range instead of print? Or I would just do print 10? We're going to print the range
That's why I really like learn with Laura. Great term for Mondays. All right. All right. So, so let's print. Let's use that, that 10 as an argument to print to range. Sorry. There we go. So would I do range instead of print? Or I would just do print 10? We're going to print the range So print is also a function. So we need to give it range as an argument. Hold on. Uh, nope. What do we need to do when we're using functions? Yeah, it goes in the parentheses. Exactly. Okay. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Let's do it. And run it. Sure. Oh, sorry. Okay
So print is also a function. So we need to give it range as an argument. Hold on. Uh, nope. What do we need to do when we're using functions? Yeah, it goes in the parentheses. Exactly. Okay. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Let's do it. And run it. Sure. Oh, sorry. Okay Oh, sorry. Okay. So, right, because that's what we just literally just passed it. Okay. So, so let's, let's make. Let's make a list. Um, oh, you know what? We should really be doing this like in a in a loop. Okay. So we have we done for loops. We didn't it
Oh, sorry. Okay. So, right, because that's what we just literally just passed it. Okay. So, so let's, let's make. Let's make a list. Um, oh, you know what? We should really be doing this like in a in a loop. Okay. So we have we done for loops. We didn't it We didn't it. Did we even get as far as the quiz? I feel like we didn't because I wonder if we didn't. Because we're yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Because I was like, how how'd I would never have said, let's just skip range. And then I was like, was struggling here
We didn't it. Did we even get as far as the quiz? I feel like we didn't because I wonder if we didn't. Because we're yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Because I was like, how how'd I would never have said, let's just skip range. And then I was like, was struggling here Because I was trying to do range without doing a for loop. And then I was like, wait, why would we be doing this without a for loop? Yeah, we never got we never got this far. Oh, wow. And we will start here next time. Where are we starting? We did importing modules so we can go down a bit
Because I was trying to do range without doing a for loop. And then I was like, wait, why would we be doing this without a for loop? Yeah, we never got we never got this far. Oh, wow. And we will start here next time. Where are we starting? We did importing modules so we can go down a bit Uh, start stopping and stepping art. So I don't know why we would have imported models without. I mean, knowing me, I probably skipped over it. Not realizing I skipped over. Maybe we were just scrolling too fast. All right, so we will start here next week. No, wait, it still says
Uh, start stopping and stepping art. So I don't know why we would have imported models without. I mean, knowing me, I probably skipped over it. Not realizing I skipped over. Maybe we were just scrolling too fast. All right, so we will start here next week. No, wait, it still says Okay, yeah, so we should we should start with the with the starting stopping and ending arguments. Because that is the one that we did. This one here, an equivalent while loop, I think, oh, no, no, no, because there are four loops above. Go up
Okay, yeah, so we should we should start with the with the starting stopping and ending arguments. Because that is the one that we did. This one here, an equivalent while loop, I think, oh, no, no, no, because there are four loops above. Go up Go up. You are part of we definitely talked about truthy and falsie. I think that's where we left off was truthy and falsie. So scroll down a little bit. Keep going. Keep going. We did this. Because I remember you saying you liked truthy and falsie. Oh, yeah. And then we did this. Right
Go up. You are part of we definitely talked about truthy and falsie. I think that's where we left off was truthy and falsie. So scroll down a little bit. Keep going. Keep going. We did this. Because I remember you saying you liked truthy and falsie. Oh, yeah. And then we did this. Right Right. That's where we need to pick up. Let's start with truthy and falsie just so that way we can do a recap next time. Yay. So actually, did you say earlier that you wanted next time to be about like, was it making inky-decks or something about? I'm going to use it as the review
Right. That's where we need to pick up. Let's start with truthy and falsie just so that way we can do a recap next time. Yay. So actually, did you say earlier that you wanted next time to be about like, was it making inky-decks or something about? I'm going to use it as the review Okay, so that way we can go through the review faster and learn from it. So I'll upload those. Is it? Well, what are comments in pythons? That was it. That was it. Was it? Okay. Give me the. Yeah. I see. Why do you not like it? Is that not it? Oh, you know what? I think it's hashes
Okay, so that way we can go through the review faster and learn from it. So I'll upload those. Is it? Well, what are comments in pythons? That was it. That was it. Was it? Okay. Give me the. Yeah. I see. Why do you not like it? Is that not it? Oh, you know what? I think it's hashes Is it hash? Trash. Okay. I think there we go. I think it's just be is it two hashes? I think a single hash will work. Yeah. Yeah. So one. I think they're doing I think they're going to go and it is a sloshing and go. All right
Is it hash? Trash. Okay. I think there we go. I think it's just be is it two hashes? I think a single hash will work. Yeah. Yeah. So one. I think they're doing I think they're going to go and it is a sloshing and go. All right All right. So we will start with range next time with truthy and falsie just to figure it out and then we'll save this one. I don't know why you're not saving the entire like everything, but you know, that's fine. And then so we got that done and we got to do it. I
All right. So we will start with range next time with truthy and falsie just to figure it out and then we'll save this one. I don't know why you're not saving the entire like everything, but you know, that's fine. And then so we got that done and we got to do it. I I. And said, this is kind of how I've been remembering it. status. And. Changes. I want to do and I want to do with them all. So I'll do it at period. And then what that period means is everything in this directory. Right. So if I only wanted to change spam, I wouldn't change. I would type spam
I. And said, this is kind of how I've been remembering it. status. And. Changes. I want to do and I want to do with them all. So I'll do it at period. And then what that period means is everything in this directory. Right. So if I only wanted to change spam, I wouldn't change. I would type spam I would type spam.py instead of period. Sure. Yeah. That dot though, like referring to what's going on in this directory is not just a get thing. Oh, like when you do code space dot. Mm hmm. You're saying open in code everything in this directory. It's the same dot. It means the same thing. Okay
I would type spam.py instead of period. Sure. Yeah. That dot though, like referring to what's going on in this directory is not just a get thing. Oh, like when you do code space dot. Mm hmm. You're saying open in code everything in this directory. It's the same dot. It means the same thing. Okay Okay. Here's a terminal. That's where it comes from. At least it helps me to remember things when I know like what they mean. Instead of just like this is the dance you do to make this thing happen. And then so good. I sure get commit. You have to commit before you can push. commit. Bash. M
Okay. Here's a terminal. That's where it comes from. At least it helps me to remember things when I know like what they mean. Instead of just like this is the dance you do to make this thing happen. And then so good. I sure get commit. You have to commit before you can push. commit. Bash. M commit. Bash. M. Uh-huh. You will need quotation marks around. String that you're adding. And then. So that's about configuring. How how get works on your machine. It's not a problem. Yeah. Um, you can suppress this message by setting them explicitly. Mm hmm. So. Uh
commit. Bash. M. Uh-huh. You will need quotation marks around. String that you're adding. And then. So that's about configuring. How how get works on your machine. It's not a problem. Yeah. Um, you can suppress this message by setting them explicitly. Mm hmm. So. Uh Mm hmm. So. Uh. User dot email would I would just change this part right. Uh, whatever. I'm not going to do it right now. I would recommend not doing it right now. I'll figure it out next time. So we'll do get. Wait. Uh, commit. We got to do get push. Great
Mm hmm. So. Uh. User dot email would I would just change this part right. Uh, whatever. I'm not going to do it right now. I would recommend not doing it right now. I'll figure it out next time. So we'll do get. Wait. Uh, commit. We got to do get push. Great Great. And does that would have a comment too? You. You know, only commit messages. Like in fact, the like, it's such a commit thing to have a message that I didn't even just say the commit. I said commit message. So like tied together in the, in the memory. Huh. One minute. It out of them. Mm hmm
Great. And does that would have a comment too? You. You know, only commit messages. Like in fact, the like, it's such a commit thing to have a message that I didn't even just say the commit. I said commit message. So like tied together in the, in the memory. Huh. One minute. It out of them. Mm hmm Mm hmm. So. And then just to double check like knowledge fact check myself. If I was to. I have a branch. Mm hmm. But if I was like in somebody else's repo, I would have created my own branch, then created a pull request to submit it. Mm hmm. Exactly. But everything else would have been the same
Mm hmm. So. And then just to double check like knowledge fact check myself. If I was to. I have a branch. Mm hmm. But if I was like in somebody else's repo, I would have created my own branch, then created a pull request to submit it. Mm hmm. Exactly. But everything else would have been the same Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. We're getting there. You're getting there. Totally are. Oi, Oi. My head is a little mushy, but that is okay. Um, later today, I get to do some JavaScript. And I'll probably livestream for that at some point today. I'm not sure
Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. We're getting there. You're getting there. Totally are. Oi, Oi. My head is a little mushy, but that is okay. Um, later today, I get to do some JavaScript. And I'll probably livestream for that at some point today. I'm not sure I'm not sure. I just know that I need to do some type of 100 days of code. And so I'm going to do that. Yeah, because a lot of my other streams are based on JavaScript. Mm hmm
I'm not sure. I just know that I need to do some type of 100 days of code. And so I'm going to do that. Yeah, because a lot of my other streams are based on JavaScript. Mm hmm Mm hmm. And at the moment, keeping, I've been keeping them pretty separate like they make enough sense separately, but we'll find out if I get really stuck later on. Okay. But and then also setting up OBS. So. So. Exciting extra streams this week. Mm hmm. That will just be random
Mm hmm. And at the moment, keeping, I've been keeping them pretty separate like they make enough sense separately, but we'll find out if I get really stuck later on. Okay. But and then also setting up OBS. So. So. Exciting extra streams this week. Mm hmm. That will just be random Uh, tomorrow, everyone, we will be doing. Uh, Svelte versus React app. Uh, an hour early because of our guests could only get on an hour early with Brittany. Uh, Postma and Anthony. Who I just told him his new last name is AJC Web Dev. Because I always forget
Uh, tomorrow, everyone, we will be doing. Uh, Svelte versus React app. Uh, an hour early because of our guests could only get on an hour early with Brittany. Uh, Postma and Anthony. Who I just told him his new last name is AJC Web Dev. Because I always forget Uh, you know, I would get 1080p if I had extra money. So if you want to subscribe and give money, that's one. Stream yard, you have to have like the even more expensive package to get 1080p. And unfortunately, that's not something in the price range right now. Hopefully I get a job soon
Uh, you know, I would get 1080p if I had extra money. So if you want to subscribe and give money, that's one. Stream yard, you have to have like the even more expensive package to get 1080p. And unfortunately, that's not something in the price range right now. Hopefully I get a job soon I am applying places. I am interviewing places, but we will see. So if you also know anyone looking for dev roles, that is what I mean. Uh, and yeah, that is when. So. Okay, they are studio answered the, the, the question themselves. Stream yard. Or stream yard. Oh, yes, instead of stream yard
I am applying places. I am interviewing places, but we will see. So if you also know anyone looking for dev roles, that is what I mean. Uh, and yeah, that is when. So. Okay, they are studio answered the, the, the question themselves. Stream yard. Or stream yard. Oh, yes, instead of stream yard It seems like a talk. Well, even better than we will be hopefully doing that next week. So I'll get 1080p sometime this week. So if you, if it's not the normal time, you should come check if I'm actually trying to set up OBS. That is a good. And thank you, thank you, thank you
It seems like a talk. Well, even better than we will be hopefully doing that next week. So I'll get 1080p sometime this week. So if you, if it's not the normal time, you should come check if I'm actually trying to set up OBS. That is a good. And thank you, thank you, thank you And thank you everyone for joining today. I look forward to seeing you tomorrow. And Laura will be back next week. Yes. And she's feeling better than last week in case anybody was curious. I did ask because you're also not coughing as much. So I am very grateful. Really better. So and I thank you
And thank you everyone for joining today. I look forward to seeing you tomorrow. And Laura will be back next week. Yes. And she's feeling better than last week in case anybody was curious. I did ask because you're also not coughing as much. So I am very grateful. Really better. So and I thank you So and I thank you. And thank you for teaching us all the things. Bye everyone. Bye bye.
So and I thank you. And thank you for teaching us all the things. Bye everyone. Bye bye.