Hello, hello beautiful humans. Welcome to another episode of Teach Gen Tech. And we are doing more Android stuff today. I am very excited for this. Probably a little too excited. But Zachary, please introduce yourself and what we're going to be talking about today. Sure. So, everyone, I'm Zachary I am basically now within DevRel, but I was an Android developer for sort of 10 years exclusively. I still do Android development in my free time. And it's just something that's never going to get away from me
I am basically now within DevRel, but I was an Android developer for sort of 10 years exclusively. I still do Android development in my free time. And it's just something that's never going to get away from me So we're here today to kind of have another look at an Android application and we can actually build an app and all that sort of fun stuff. It's going to be great. And as of right now, so that way, y'all get caught up. I have a few things
So we're here today to kind of have another look at an Android application and we can actually build an app and all that sort of fun stuff. It's going to be great. And as of right now, so that way, y'all get caught up. I have a few things I need to post in and hello, Ryan, that I need to post in the chat because we have last week's stream. Then we have using tablet, screen share, and also how to put debugging mode, which is pretty funny that it's from Verizon. Yeah, that was quite funny
I need to post in and hello, Ryan, that I need to post in the chat because we have last week's stream. Then we have using tablet, screen share, and also how to put debugging mode, which is pretty funny that it's from Verizon. Yeah, that was quite funny It's a pretty generic steps like for any Android device. It's just that was the first one that came up and it was clear. So good job for the eyes. And I guess. I like it. And so that way, everyone knows there are all of the fancy links
It's a pretty generic steps like for any Android device. It's just that was the first one that came up and it was clear. So good job for the eyes. And I guess. I like it. And so that way, everyone knows there are all of the fancy links And working through the install at the moment, which happens to be taking forever. So what we can do is we can kind of start by looking at the code if you'd prefer. And then once that is all done and happy, then we can run. So I just like that. It's finished. But yeah, we have another one
And working through the install at the moment, which happens to be taking forever. So what we can do is we can kind of start by looking at the code if you'd prefer. And then once that is all done and happy, then we can run. So I just like that. It's finished. But yeah, we have another one We have another one. Yeah, not that one. That was if you're using that port. Oh, very good. You should be able to just run screen copy and it should work. Let's find out. Assuming your tablet's plugged in. It is plugged in and it's giving the charge. So. Hey, of course. Yeah, okay
We have another one. Yeah, not that one. That was if you're using that port. Oh, very good. You should be able to just run screen copy and it should work. Let's find out. Assuming your tablet's plugged in. It is plugged in and it's giving the charge. So. Hey, of course. Yeah, okay Yeah, okay. So on the tablet, there should be a little pop up that's come up. You might need to unlock it. And it should say something along the lines of do you want to allow this device to do things? Oh, there you go. Very exciting. Yes, I put my calendar as my home screen
Yeah, okay. So on the tablet, there should be a little pop up that's come up. You might need to unlock it. And it should say something along the lines of do you want to allow this device to do things? Oh, there you go. Very exciting. Yes, I put my calendar as my home screen And you can actually also control it with your mouse. So it kind of works both ways. So you can use your mouse to kind of move about, click on things and all that sort of stuff. This is quite entertaining
And you can actually also control it with your mouse. So it kind of works both ways. So you can use your mouse to kind of move about, click on things and all that sort of stuff. This is quite entertaining I find this incredibly useful when I'm presenting, you know, if I'm at a conference or something, it's just a lot nicer to be able to physically present something. I work with communication APIs
I find this incredibly useful when I'm presenting, you know, if I'm at a conference or something, it's just a lot nicer to be able to physically present something. I work with communication APIs So being able to actually send a text message and have and show it come up on the screen and that sort of stuff. It's a really good tool. Yes, yes, this is so fun. And like all good tools, it's also open source. So, you know, yes, yes. And it took us what, 50, 20 minutes to install on everything
So being able to actually send a text message and have and show it come up on the screen and that sort of stuff. It's a really good tool. Yes, yes, this is so fun. And like all good tools, it's also open source. So, you know, yes, yes. And it took us what, 50, 20 minutes to install on everything We did get started. But these are the steps that we went through. So that was just shared in the chat. Let me know everyone if you need us to reshare it. I will change all of my tabs. And remember, correctly, this was one that didn't want to zoom in
We did get started. But these are the steps that we went through. So that was just shared in the chat. Let me know everyone if you need us to reshare it. I will change all of my tabs. And remember, correctly, this was one that didn't want to zoom in We are using Android Studio to be able to build our app. Yes, indeed. I think last time we did create this login activity project, which we can open and we can use that as a kind of basis. To have a look through, I think there's quite a lot that gets generated for you when you create a new project
We are using Android Studio to be able to build our app. Yes, indeed. I think last time we did create this login activity project, which we can open and we can use that as a kind of basis. To have a look through, I think there's quite a lot that gets generated for you when you create a new project And I think it'll be interesting to go through and kind of explain the different areas what will make up an app because, you know, there's quite a lot that makes up an app. Really funny. I just saw that I got a notification
And I think it'll be interesting to go through and kind of explain the different areas what will make up an app because, you know, there's quite a lot that makes up an app. Really funny. I just saw that I got a notification And I'm like, did I turn on, do not disturb on this thing? How do I, y'all, this is what's I find pretty funny is, as you guys can look at this with me. I don't care
And I'm like, did I turn on, do not disturb on this thing? How do I, y'all, this is what's I find pretty funny is, as you guys can look at this with me. I don't care I don't care. As I am like, how do I do all of this? Because I am an iPhone Mac user through I have been for years, catch the other stream if you want to hear why. And me trying to learn how to do this, but I'm like, didn't I put it on, do not disturb notifications
I don't care. As I am like, how do I do all of this? Because I am an iPhone Mac user through I have been for years, catch the other stream if you want to hear why. And me trying to learn how to do this, but I'm like, didn't I put it on, do not disturb notifications You are on to not disturb turn on. Okay. Yes, yes, you are the Android gang. I dig it. You know, I'm getting there. And just to make sure this is the Android studio that we were using, right? That we downloaded. I just want to make sure I relink it. So that way everybody sees what we are using
You are on to not disturb turn on. Okay. Yes, yes, you are the Android gang. I dig it. You know, I'm getting there. And just to make sure this is the Android studio that we were using, right? That we downloaded. I just want to make sure I relink it. So that way everybody sees what we are using Okay. So going back so many tabs. Oh, well, hey, I clicked it. That works. There you go. It just magically happened for us. Brilliant. So we'll just let it, there we go. Just get rid of that tip. Yeah, just you can click the, that's why. Yeah
Okay. So going back so many tabs. Oh, well, hey, I clicked it. That works. There you go. It just magically happened for us. Brilliant. So we'll just let it, there we go. Just get rid of that tip. Yeah, just you can click the, that's why. Yeah Yeah. So this is the whole kind of hierarchy, the whole tree of files that's just been completely generated for you. What we can do, let's try and make it a little bit more streamer friendly
Yeah. So this is the whole kind of hierarchy, the whole tree of files that's just been completely generated for you. What we can do, let's try and make it a little bit more streamer friendly So if you go, if you click on the Android studio tab on the top menu and they go to preferences, there is a appearance and there is a, where is it? Oh, yeah, use custom font
So if you go, if you click on the Android studio tab on the top menu and they go to preferences, there is a appearance and there is a, where is it? Oh, yeah, use custom font So sort of, yeah, if you tick that and then you can kind of increase the font size a little bit and that'll make it slightly more probably streamer friendly. This is probably actually my biggest annoyance with maybe a little bit
So sort of, yeah, if you tick that and then you can kind of increase the font size a little bit and that'll make it slightly more probably streamer friendly. This is probably actually my biggest annoyance with maybe a little bit This is actually what, yeah, this is one of the bigger annoyances of if I've ever done live coding on stage, trying to get this set up properly. I don't know, it's always an absolute nightmare to do, but we'll get that
This is actually what, yeah, this is one of the bigger annoyances of if I've ever done live coding on stage, trying to get this set up properly. I don't know, it's always an absolute nightmare to do, but we'll get that And then yeah, it should be able to kind of move it about a little bit and then just drag that so it takes up a bit more of the screen
And then yeah, it should be able to kind of move it about a little bit and then just drag that so it takes up a bit more of the screen Yeah, okay, we are, we have been set up and I think it's the, because on BS code, it is like expanding and with the command plus and minus and on this app, it expands all of the folders, yeah, folders inside. And what up Jeremy? Thank you for joining today. Jeremy is a fellow streamer
Yeah, okay, we are, we have been set up and I think it's the, because on BS code, it is like expanding and with the command plus and minus and on this app, it expands all of the folders, yeah, folders inside. And what up Jeremy? Thank you for joining today. Jeremy is a fellow streamer We met on a Twitter space because that's how like I meet way too many people. Yeah, for that. All right, so okay, I believe we decided to make this a tablet one when we chose our options. Yes, and so basically this is kind of what you're presented with any app that you make
We met on a Twitter space because that's how like I meet way too many people. Yeah, for that. All right, so okay, I believe we decided to make this a tablet one when we chose our options. Yes, and so basically this is kind of what you're presented with any app that you make You're going to have these kind of a two top level sections. You've got the app and then you've got the thing called the Gradle scripts. So we can have a quick look at the Gradle scripts. If you kind of click on that and expand that side of it
You're going to have these kind of a two top level sections. You've got the app and then you've got the thing called the Gradle scripts. So we can have a quick look at the Gradle scripts. If you kind of click on that and expand that side of it And what these files, these are just literally the, the build process, the script that control actually taking all your app code and making it into the file that people can install. Okay. So if you have a look at the, you've got two build
And what these files, these are just literally the, the build process, the script that control actually taking all your app code and making it into the file that people can install. Okay. So if you have a look at the, you've got two buildgradle files, and if we have a look at the top one, this kind of defines basically the plugins that we're using, the kind of top level areas of code that we're using, which is kind of a lot like in say like Node
gradle files, and if we have a look at the top one, this kind of defines basically the plugins that we're using, the kind of top level areas of code that we're using, which is kind of a lot like in say like Nodejs or something, you'll have like quite a highlight or if you're using like React, you'll have the React component and then you'll have like other third party libraries and stuff. So here you can see we literally have a Android application plugin and Android library and the Kotlin library
js or something, you'll have like quite a highlight or if you're using like React, you'll have the React component and then you'll have like other third party libraries and stuff. So here you can see we literally have a Android application plugin and Android library and the Kotlin library So the real like just the absolute core bones of a system that we would need. And then in our other build.fot Gradle file is, is then kind of all the configuration about our app. So things like you've got the package name there, the namespace. So comm.example
So the real like just the absolute core bones of a system that we would need. And then in our other build.fot Gradle file is, is then kind of all the configuration about our app. So things like you've got the package name there, the namespace. So comm.example So comm.example.loginactivity for TJT, which we set up last time when you were creating the application and other config information like SDK numbers
So comm.example.loginactivity for TJT, which we set up last time when you were creating the application and other config information like SDK numbers So Android, one of the big issues with Android is there's lots of versions of Android and these are broken down into SDK versions as developers for end users. They know it as like Ice Cream Sandwich and Jelly Bean and whatever it is. But for us, it's numbers
So Android, one of the big issues with Android is there's lots of versions of Android and these are broken down into SDK versions as developers for end users. They know it as like Ice Cream Sandwich and Jelly Bean and whatever it is. But for us, it's numbers So we're saying we're going to target the SDK 32, which is kind of the newest stable version. And we're going to require that the device we install it on has at least SDK 22, which I think translates to I want to say Ice Cream Sandwich but I might be wrong
So we're saying we're going to target the SDK 32, which is kind of the newest stable version. And we're going to require that the device we install it on has at least SDK 22, which I think translates to I want to say Ice Cream Sandwich but I might be wrong And as a pause really quick there, y'all for those joining in on my journey of building my Twitter tagging thing is what I'm calling it Twitter tagging thing
And as a pause really quick there, y'all for those joining in on my journey of building my Twitter tagging thing is what I'm calling it Twitter tagging thing Is after I get it working with React, Zachary and I were actually talking offline about how I could replace React with the Android app to be able to make it an Android app later on. So I have found the app that I want to make as super complicated as possible and make it in different ways
Is after I get it working with React, Zachary and I were actually talking offline about how I could replace React with the Android app to be able to make it an Android app later on. So I have found the app that I want to make as super complicated as possible and make it in different ways So I will be doing that later on. I just wanted to you talking about the SDK reminded me that I'm like, oh yeah, I want to I want to do this later on too. So yeah, so yeah, no, that's this is literally where we are going to set kind of all these kind of configurations things
So I will be doing that later on. I just wanted to you talking about the SDK reminded me that I'm like, oh yeah, I want to I want to do this later on too. So yeah, so yeah, no, that's this is literally where we are going to set kind of all these kind of configurations things And then we have the dependencies which this section is is basically the libraries that we were installing in our application
And then we have the dependencies which this section is is basically the libraries that we were installing in our application So these are all the things that we just kind of get for free that come as this config but perhaps you're going to use some custom libraries, you know, someone's created something or maybe there's an SDK or something that you want to install
So these are all the things that we just kind of get for free that come as this config but perhaps you're going to use some custom libraries, you know, someone's created something or maybe there's an SDK or something that you want to install For example, you know, at Vonage we have an Android SDK which you could use to then make phone calls and that sort of stuff. So you this is where you would define that and say I want to use this SDK. And so that all that gets pulled in during the process of actually building your app
For example, you know, at Vonage we have an Android SDK which you could use to then make phone calls and that sort of stuff. So you this is where you would define that and say I want to use this SDK. And so that all that gets pulled in during the process of actually building your app And then the other files that again, they're just more config. There's there's a lot of kind of very technical things that you and normal developer probably will never have to touch. Certainly in like a in a personal project kind of thing. So I mean, definitely have a look at them if you fancy it
And then the other files that again, they're just more config. There's there's a lot of kind of very technical things that you and normal developer probably will never have to touch. Certainly in like a in a personal project kind of thing. So I mean, definitely have a look at them if you fancy it But you know, I feel like that's like when I'm installing some type of JavaScript and it comes with the node folder and people are like, don't even worry about like looking at it. Just forget it's there. It's important. But don't tell me. Yeah. Yeah
But you know, I feel like that's like when I'm installing some type of JavaScript and it comes with the node folder and people are like, don't even worry about like looking at it. Just forget it's there. It's important. But don't tell me. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Only only only change things if you know what you're doing. I think is that is a great way of saying it. That's that's that's that's the gradle section. And so the gradle is the the framework that builds the app
Yeah. Yeah. Only only only change things if you know what you're doing. I think is that is a great way of saying it. That's that's that's that's the gradle section. And so the gradle is the the framework that builds the app There are a few different frameworks, but this is the one that Google said, no use this one. This is the de facto way of doing it now. So so those are that's that side of it. And then we can actually kind of look at the app side and probably the much more interesting side of code
There are a few different frameworks, but this is the one that Google said, no use this one. This is the de facto way of doing it now. So so those are that's that side of it. And then we can actually kind of look at the app side and probably the much more interesting side of code So your code is essentially broken into three sections. You've got your manifest. And this is basically how you tell Android, the operating system. How to use your app. What is available in your app? What can you do? And this is what the manifest is like a table of contents
So your code is essentially broken into three sections. You've got your manifest. And this is basically how you tell Android, the operating system. How to use your app. What is available in your app? What can you do? And this is what the manifest is like a table of contents It's like, you know, that's sort of these are the things that are available. And what you'll see here is you've got you define your activities, which we'll get into, but like see that as kind of a definable section of your app
It's like, you know, that's sort of these are the things that are available. And what you'll see here is you've got you define your activities, which we'll get into, but like see that as kind of a definable section of your app So you might have an activity for the homepage, an activity for your login page, an activity for you know, the registration process, those sorts of things. So you define these here to say these are the things that are available in my app
So you might have an activity for the homepage, an activity for your login page, an activity for you know, the registration process, those sorts of things. So you define these here to say these are the things that are available in my app And and then also you're defining here some more details about the app itself. So you can see that you've got online nine Android icon. And that's the icon for your application. That's the when you actually install your app, the icon that shows up on the screen
And and then also you're defining here some more details about the app itself. So you can see that you've got online nine Android icon. And that's the icon for your application. That's the when you actually install your app, the icon that shows up on the screen You're I've got like other bits and pieces there as well, the label for your app. So what comes up underneath the the icon and yeah, I mean, there's a lot of config here
You're I've got like other bits and pieces there as well, the label for your app. So what comes up underneath the the icon and yeah, I mean, there's a lot of config here You also, if you scroll up to the top of this file, I just don't know if it hasn't got any in here, but this is where you'd also set like permissions. So because you're not really someone that's used Android so much, I'm not sure how much you know about permissions
You also, if you scroll up to the top of this file, I just don't know if it hasn't got any in here, but this is where you'd also set like permissions. So because you're not really someone that's used Android so much, I'm not sure how much you know about permissions But when you I think I think it's on iOS as well. So for example, if an app wants to be able to use your camera, it has to ask you for permission to do that. Okay. I think there's normally like a pop-up. Oh yeah, yeah. Yeah. You allow this app. Yeah
But when you I think I think it's on iOS as well. So for example, if an app wants to be able to use your camera, it has to ask you for permission to do that. Okay. I think there's normally like a pop-up. Oh yeah, yeah. Yeah. You allow this app. Yeah Yeah. So this is where you define the things that you want to be able to ask. So you might say, well, I know my app is going to want to be able to use the camera, or maybe it wants to be able to use the microphone or GPS. And again, you'd add them here. So that they're operating system
Yeah. So this is where you define the things that you want to be able to ask. So you might say, well, I know my app is going to want to be able to use the camera, or maybe it wants to be able to use the microphone or GPS. And again, you'd add them here. So that they're operating system Android knows these are the things your app might want to use. And then can show the user that sort of pop-ups. Okay. That makes sense. And like I noticed that when I clicked into here, was it this one or did I end up like, oh, it went to that one? Okay. Yeah
Android knows these are the things your app might want to use. And then can show the user that sort of pop-ups. Okay. That makes sense. And like I noticed that when I clicked into here, was it this one or did I end up like, oh, it went to that one? Okay. Yeah Yeah. So what it's trying to do here is be a little clever, which as always, as we know, most of the time when computers try to be clever, they're not. And essentially, what you see is the app string forward slash names that are app names
Yeah. So what it's trying to do here is be a little clever, which as always, as we know, most of the time when computers try to be clever, they're not. And essentially, what you see is the app string forward slash names that are app names So that's actually a reference, like a variable reference to another file somewhere where the actual string is being kept. So when you hadn't clicked off it and it was gray, it was giving you the value of that string as like a preview
So that's actually a reference, like a variable reference to another file somewhere where the actual string is being kept. So when you hadn't clicked off it and it was gray, it was giving you the value of that string as like a preview And then you clicked on it and it shows you the actual fact that it's confusing and annoying. But we will see where that file is shortly. I'm like, now I'm trying to make it go back to it. But like, click it everywhere else. I don't think you that's again, this is the other thing
And then you clicked on it and it shows you the actual fact that it's confusing and annoying. But we will see where that file is shortly. I'm like, now I'm trying to make it go back to it. But like, click it everywhere else. I don't think you that's again, this is the other thing I don't think you actually can. I think if you close the file and then reopen it again. Oh, weird. Okay. Well, again, computer is trying to be smart. But it doesn't matter. We'll shape. We'll look out for that later. And you'll see it. So you've got you've then got these two other folders
I don't think you actually can. I think if you close the file and then reopen it again. Oh, weird. Okay. Well, again, computer is trying to be smart. But it doesn't matter. We'll shape. We'll look out for that later. And you'll see it. So you've got you've then got these two other folders You've got Java. And this is where your actual app source code is. Okay. So as we sort of talked about last time, Android apps used to be Java. They're now written in Kotlin. And this is kind of one of those oddities that's been left over
You've got Java. And this is where your actual app source code is. Okay. So as we sort of talked about last time, Android apps used to be Java. They're now written in Kotlin. And this is kind of one of those oddities that's been left over Even though the code is Kotlin, it still goes into a Java folder. Oh, I have to go into a folder called Java. Okay. And y'all, I will repost this again. What a perk
Even though the code is Kotlin, it still goes into a Java folder. Oh, I have to go into a folder called Java. Okay. And y'all, I will repost this again. What a perk What a perk. It's some things that we went through already of in the studio of the first video that we went to as well as the screen share, which my tablet is plugged in the debugging and then the studio that we're using to get y'all caught up. It will be in the YouTube videos as well
What a perk. It's some things that we went through already of in the studio of the first video that we went to as well as the screen share, which my tablet is plugged in the debugging and then the studio that we're using to get y'all caught up. It will be in the YouTube videos as well Oh, well, thank you, Ryan. Ryan's got my back. Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate it. And yes, please pause us and let us know if we have questions. If you have questions, let us know if we have questions too. I mean, I will probably have questions and may not know how to say them
Oh, well, thank you, Ryan. Ryan's got my back. Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate it. And yes, please pause us and let us know if we have questions. If you have questions, let us know if we have questions too. I mean, I will probably have questions and may not know how to say them So please let me know if I have questions as well. And if you're wondering about the going from JavaScript to Kotlin, we did talk about that in last week's stream too. Cool. So yeah, so in here is where to be where all your source code is
So please let me know if I have questions as well. And if you're wondering about the going from JavaScript to Kotlin, we did talk about that in last week's stream too. Cool. So yeah, so in here is where to be where all your source code is And this is where things get a little bit kind of interesting, shall we say. They tell very recently the Android community could never agree on how they should structure their apps
And this is where things get a little bit kind of interesting, shall we say. They tell very recently the Android community could never agree on how they should structure their apps Like how you should actually kind of have the directories and what you should call the files and how how your app should be kind of structured in a meaningful way
Like how you should actually kind of have the directories and what you should call the files and how how your app should be kind of structured in a meaningful way And no one could agree there was lots of different kind of ways that you could do this with lots of different people that said they were the best way to do it until very recently because to very recently Google said no, we've finally decided this is the way you're going to do it
And no one could agree there was lots of different kind of ways that you could do this with lots of different people that said they were the best way to do it until very recently because to very recently Google said no, we've finally decided this is the way you're going to do it So what will what you'll find I kind of want to I want to touch on this because what what you'll find is if you look at other Android apps, if you look at open source projects, they won't always look in the same structure
So what will what you'll find I kind of want to I want to touch on this because what what you'll find is if you look at other Android apps, if you look at open source projects, they won't always look in the same structure They'll sometimes have different naming conventions, there'll be different things going on and that can be a bit of a stumbling block. So you're not losing your mind or things that I could have sworn this was done differently because it was and there is lots of different ways
They'll sometimes have different naming conventions, there'll be different things going on and that can be a bit of a stumbling block. So you're not losing your mind or things that I could have sworn this was done differently because it was and there is lots of different ways So every app will have their code in the Java directory and inside that will be the name of the package. So we've got com.example.pluh.pluh.pluh and that will be different for each app. But then once you're in that, it can be it's a free-frault. The developer can decide how they want it to be
So every app will have their code in the Java directory and inside that will be the name of the package. So we've got com.example.pluh.pluh.pluh and that will be different for each app. But then once you're in that, it can be it's a free-frault. The developer can decide how they want it to be That being said, like I feel like hey, Helmi, I feel like a lot of people use like VS code. Just as like their regular go to like VS code is like a go to thing is Android Studio the same way which if it is may give things more structure or is there other like go to use
That being said, like I feel like hey, Helmi, I feel like a lot of people use like VS code. Just as like their regular go to like VS code is like a go to thing is Android Studio the same way which if it is may give things more structure or is there other like go to use Yeah, so I mean it's basically the accepted. It's definitely Google's recommended IDE. You should use Android Studio and I think generally it's the e-accepted way of doing things
Yeah, so I mean it's basically the accepted. It's definitely Google's recommended IDE. You should use Android Studio and I think generally it's the e-accepted way of doing things So there is that kind of bonus that if you're going to be an Android developer, you're going to use Android Studio and therefore there is some level of continuity compared to other like JavaScript or other sort of languages and frameworks that don't have a set IDE
So there is that kind of bonus that if you're going to be an Android developer, you're going to use Android Studio and therefore there is some level of continuity compared to other like JavaScript or other sort of languages and frameworks that don't have a set IDE So that is useful definitely but that's kind of where the usefulness ends. Okay. Fair enough. Fair enough. But that's fine. So in this in our package directory in the Com.example.pluh.pluh.pluh.pluh. We have two subdirectories. We have data and we have UI login
So that is useful definitely but that's kind of where the usefulness ends. Okay. Fair enough. Fair enough. But that's fine. So in this in our package directory in the Com.example.pluh.pluh.pluh.pluh. We have two subdirectories. We have data and we have UI login So this app has taken quite actually to the point where I'm considering we start a new app because this is actually quite they've broken it down very in a very detailed way which is good but probably not good for your first look at an Android app because there's a lot of files there and it's probably way more than you need to look at
So this app has taken quite actually to the point where I'm considering we start a new app because this is actually quite they've broken it down very in a very detailed way which is good but probably not good for your first look at an Android app because there's a lot of files there and it's probably way more than you need to look at So what we're going to do is we're going to close this and we are going to start a new application. So if you just basically close out Android Studio and it should take you back to the pop up
So what we're going to do is we're going to close this and we are going to start a new application. So if you just basically close out Android Studio and it should take you back to the pop up So we can go new project and if we go to basically use the basic activity template so the one on the top right. That should give us a simpler example. I'm making this name way too complicated but it's really really wanted to name it that way
So we can go new project and if we go to basically use the basic activity template so the one on the top right. That should give us a simpler example. I'm making this name way too complicated but it's really really wanted to name it that way And then remind me we don't always want to use legacy support. Yeah we don't we don't need to. We're not specifically interested in old stuff so we'll we'll do that
And then remind me we don't always want to use legacy support. Yeah we don't we don't need to. We're not specifically interested in old stuff so we'll we'll do that It'll now re-sort itself out and if we close the main activity but when the panel on the left is loaded you'll see that this is much simpler and we'll definitely be a better style. So this actually this does come back to my point of different apps do things in such different ways
It'll now re-sort itself out and if we close the main activity but when the panel on the left is loaded you'll see that this is much simpler and we'll definitely be a better style. So this actually this does come back to my point of different apps do things in such different ways The app that we had previously was definitely looking at more of a in-depth granular way of building our app which is very good when you're building something for production and you know you're going to have different people working on it
The app that we had previously was definitely looking at more of a in-depth granular way of building our app which is very good when you're building something for production and you know you're going to have different people working on it It's all going to be very you know user-friendly for a developer but when we want to just learn about apps it's not so good and so it's loaded and as you can see there's only three files
It's all going to be very you know user-friendly for a developer but when we want to just learn about apps it's not so good and so it's loaded and as you can see there's only three files I'll show again yay and I found out that I can at least go make this part bigger that's exciting and yes three files that is exciting
I'll show again yay and I found out that I can at least go make this part bigger that's exciting and yes three files that is exciting Much much much much easier to go over so like I mentioned Android has this concept of activities and activities are the easiest way to think about it is it's yeah it's a self-contained piece of functionality
Much much much much easier to go over so like I mentioned Android has this concept of activities and activities are the easiest way to think about it is it's yeah it's a self-contained piece of functionality It's a self-contained thing that your app can do and you would traditionally start with a main activity i.e. the entry point into your app. What does the user see when they load your app? This is what this file is that is the main activity and we are now looking at some Kotlin code
It's a self-contained thing that your app can do and you would traditionally start with a main activity i.e. the entry point into your app. What does the user see when they load your app? This is what this file is that is the main activity and we are now looking at some Kotlin code Kotlin is an object-orientated language which means we have this concept of classes
Kotlin is an object-orientated language which means we have this concept of classes I'm not sure again I'm not sure how much you do and don't know so if I'm reinventing the wheel just yell at me it's fine but basically we wrap everything in classes and this means that like you can then create an instance of that class and do things with it
I'm not sure again I'm not sure how much you do and don't know so if I'm reinventing the wheel just yell at me it's fine but basically we wrap everything in classes and this means that like you can then create an instance of that class and do things with it You can also it also has this idea of inheritance so a class can be the child of another class. I click something. Yep you did it's okay. Okay. It's always interesting to see help people like interact with things. I click things way too often or hit enter way too fast
You can also it also has this idea of inheritance so a class can be the child of another class. I click something. Yep you did it's okay. Okay. It's always interesting to see help people like interact with things. I click things way too often or hit enter way too fast No you've literally hit on to what I was talking about so this idea of inheritance so we have this main activity class and our main activity class inherits so if you go if you go back to the main activity tab on the there
No you've literally hit on to what I was talking about so this idea of inheritance so we have this main activity class and our main activity class inherits so if you go if you go back to the main activity tab on the there Yep if you scroll up to the top of the file you have it says main activity colon app compact activity so we're inheriting the app compact activity class which inherits other classes and basically the top class is this activity class that you just opened so this other tab that we have open and this is like the core of Android
Yep if you scroll up to the top of the file you have it says main activity colon app compact activity so we're inheriting the app compact activity class which inherits other classes and basically the top class is this activity class that you just opened so this other tab that we have open and this is like the core of Android This is one of the core components of an app
This is one of the core components of an app So you've got the same kind of you've kind of gone to the very bottom of this and the point is your activity has access to everything that it inherits so you don't have to write out all of the like basic boilerplate getting started code that's all given to you by inheriting another class
So you've got the same kind of you've kind of gone to the very bottom of this and the point is your activity has access to everything that it inherits so you don't have to write out all of the like basic boilerplate getting started code that's all given to you by inheriting another class Real quick we have a question from Hawn and thank you Hawn. Kotlin is single class inheritance like Java right? Correct. Would mean because Kotlin would export to Java and is part of well it's different but kind of like yes okay
Real quick we have a question from Hawn and thank you Hawn. Kotlin is single class inheritance like Java right? Correct. Would mean because Kotlin would export to Java and is part of well it's different but kind of like yes okay It's pretty easy to say it like you yeah Kotlin is under the hood underneath it or is based in this Java so you can't do anything completely crazy that you otherwise do a job. So yes single inheritance which means it can only have one class that it's inheriting from. Got it. Okay
It's pretty easy to say it like you yeah Kotlin is under the hood underneath it or is based in this Java so you can't do anything completely crazy that you otherwise do a job. So yes single inheritance which means it can only have one class that it's inheriting from. Got it. Okay Got it. Okay. So you have a parent class but you can only ever have one. Unfortunately they are all single parents. But you get this stack and if you actually like go through the whole stack of what you're inheriting you'll have lots and lots of classes stacked on top of each other
Got it. Okay. So you have a parent class but you can only ever have one. Unfortunately they are all single parents. But you get this stack and if you actually like go through the whole stack of what you're inheriting you'll have lots and lots of classes stacked on top of each other So when you're fixing on that? Yeah this one does make me question because sources for Android API32 platform not found. Does that mean where would this activity.class file be hanging out? So any file that's a doc class file is actually compiled Java code
So when you're fixing on that? Yeah this one does make me question because sources for Android API32 platform not found. Does that mean where would this activity.class file be hanging out? So any file that's a doc class file is actually compiled Java code What's happened here is when you clicked on that it couldn't find the source code because we haven't got it downloaded so instead it decompiled that code and it gave you this file
What's happened here is when you clicked on that it couldn't find the source code because we haven't got it downloaded so instead it decompiled that code and it gave you this file It generated this file for you on the fly which is kind of cool because it means you can't access these things but it's not actually anywhere essentially that file doesn't actually exist. It's just made for you. And yes Ryan I feel like I clicked something or I hit enter
It generated this file for you on the fly which is kind of cool because it means you can't access these things but it's not actually anywhere essentially that file doesn't actually exist. It's just made for you. And yes Ryan I feel like I clicked something or I hit enter It's like things I say way too often meaning that I didn't meet. But I clicked one of these buttons. I'm not going to click it now. But this is what I clicked but like one of these. Yeah so what you clicked on is these are your functions
It's like things I say way too often meaning that I didn't meet. But I clicked one of these buttons. I'm not going to click it now. But this is what I clicked but like one of these. Yeah so what you clicked on is these are your functions So we're saying we've got override so online 19 for example override fun on create. So we're oh by using the keyword override we're saying we want to override a clua a method that we've inherited from a parent. So somewhere in our stack of inheritance that function on create has been defined
So we're saying we've got override so online 19 for example override fun on create. So we're oh by using the keyword override we're saying we want to override a clua a method that we've inherited from a parent. So somewhere in our stack of inheritance that function on create has been defined And when you clicked on that button on that thing it's taking you to where that's been defined. So in theory you could you could look at it and go well actually do I need to override it or is it already doing the thing I want it to do. Now I want to click something else
And when you clicked on that button on that thing it's taking you to where that's been defined. So in theory you could you could look at it and go well actually do I need to override it or is it already doing the thing I want it to do. Now I want to click something else So okay yeah so you've got all sorts of like things the idea is trying to help you to take you to different areas that you're really helpful. Yeah it is good. We got another question from Han of what is I feel like I'm going to say it wrong late in it. Late in it
So okay yeah so you've got all sorts of like things the idea is trying to help you to take you to different areas that you're really helpful. Yeah it is good. We got another question from Han of what is I feel like I'm going to say it wrong late in it. Late in it Late in it. Yeah that's that's that late in it. So on on line 16 and line 17 we have these we have these and these are two variables that we're defining. So we're defining a variable called appbar config configuration sorry which is of the type appbar configuration
Late in it. Yeah that's that's that late in it. So on on line 16 and line 17 we have these we have these and these are two variables that we're defining. So we're defining a variable called appbar config configuration sorry which is of the type appbar configuration So that's the other thing about Kotlin is you can define types to your variables. And the reason why we use late in it is that's to say we haven't yet initialized that variable. So at the moment that variable is null but we will initialize it
So that's the other thing about Kotlin is you can define types to your variables. And the reason why we use late in it is that's to say we haven't yet initialized that variable. So at the moment that variable is null but we will initialize it So it's telling the system that at some point it shouldn't be null. At some point it should have a value and if it never has a value something's gone wrong. So that's one of these like helper things that Kotlin does that Java doesn't do. In Java stuff is either null or has a value
So it's telling the system that at some point it shouldn't be null. At some point it should have a value and if it never has a value something's gone wrong. So that's one of these like helper things that Kotlin does that Java doesn't do. In Java stuff is either null or has a value And in most languages that's the case like if you define a variable it's either going to have a value or it's not but this gives you a third option of it will at some point have a value. Ryan asked like a deaf some par pass like Python and Python. I think so
And in most languages that's the case like if you define a variable it's either going to have a value or it's not but this gives you a third option of it will at some point have a value. Ryan asked like a deaf some par pass like Python and Python. I think so I think so. My Python is very rusty and I think it's been about 50 years since I worked on Ryan join join on Monday with with Laura and let's ask her because Monday is our Python day. So let's ask her to see if she maybe knows and we'll get her to watch this clip
I think so. My Python is very rusty and I think it's been about 50 years since I worked on Ryan join join on Monday with with Laura and let's ask her because Monday is our Python day. So let's ask her to see if she maybe knows and we'll get her to watch this clip So there's no late in equivalent in Java. No there isn't. You have to either define a variable or it's not. You can't say it's going to be defined at some point. And I have no doubt there's some very weird witchcraft going on in the background to make this a possibility in Kotlin
So there's no late in equivalent in Java. No there isn't. You have to either define a variable or it's not. You can't say it's going to be defined at some point. And I have no doubt there's some very weird witchcraft going on in the background to make this a possibility in Kotlin But that's kind of what Kotlin is. It's just a lot of witchcraft on top of Java. So so yeah so we've got we've got two variables that we're defining. But then we've got this method on create which is a method that was being defined somewhere else
But that's kind of what Kotlin is. It's just a lot of witchcraft on top of Java. So so yeah so we've got we've got two variables that we're defining. But then we've got this method on create which is a method that was being defined somewhere else And when we clicked on it it showed us it's been defined in activity. But we can actually override this and do something ourselves. And why might we want to do that? Well an activity has this idea of states
And when we clicked on it it showed us it's been defined in activity. But we can actually override this and do something ourselves. And why might we want to do that? Well an activity has this idea of states So again I'm not sure if states are something that you've looked at but basically the system will tell this this this program that something has happened and that will change its state
So again I'm not sure if states are something that you've looked at but basically the system will tell this this this program that something has happened and that will change its state So we have on create which literally means when the application is created we'll tell you and when that application is created. So when it's sorry when the user has launched the application and this activity has been created. So the user is now coming into the activity
So we have on create which literally means when the application is created we'll tell you and when that application is created. So when it's sorry when the user has launched the application and this activity has been created. So the user is now coming into the activity And the system will say look this has happened you can do something. And this and that would trigger the code that you write in this method. Okay. If you scroll down there'll be others as well that we're overriding. So we do quite a lot of stuff in here and we'll go through this stuff
And the system will say look this has happened you can do something. And this and that would trigger the code that you write in this method. Okay. If you scroll down there'll be others as well that we're overriding. So we do quite a lot of stuff in here and we'll go through this stuff But there's other ones as well. So on create option menus. So when the menu is being shown we can do something here. Got it. On options items selected
But there's other ones as well. So on create option menus. So when the menu is being shown we can do something here. Got it. On options items selected So when a user clicks on a button in the menu this this method gets triggered and we can then actually find out what item they clicked on and do something with that
So when a user clicks on a button in the menu this this method gets triggered and we can then actually find out what item they clicked on and do something with that So we have this whole kind of like engine of all these different things that can happen and we can capture those things and then do something with them. Got it. And that's basically the state engine. And there's a lot of that there's like 3040 different things
So we have this whole kind of like engine of all these different things that can happen and we can capture those things and then do something with them. Got it. And that's basically the state engine. And there's a lot of that there's like 3040 different things I like that it does create these by default just by us opening the program. Opening the app because I feel like this would be something that even as I'm building an app for myself which is not an Android app just like web app. I am there's enough things as a newbie to get confused on
I like that it does create these by default just by us opening the program. Opening the app because I feel like this would be something that even as I'm building an app for myself which is not an Android app just like web app. I am there's enough things as a newbie to get confused on That it's very nice that they build this all for you. So that way you at least have the the more tricky stuff taking care of that you can like focus on what you actually want to build. Exactly. Exactly
That it's very nice that they build this all for you. So that way you at least have the the more tricky stuff taking care of that you can like focus on what you actually want to build. Exactly. Exactly Exactly. Exactly. So you know that basically you know the on create is quite a key method because it's where you're going to do any of your initialization any of your setup in that kind of instant as the user is coming into your activity
Exactly. Exactly. So you know that basically you know the on create is quite a key method because it's where you're going to do any of your initialization any of your setup in that kind of instant as the user is coming into your activity So and then if you yeah if you if you drill in you can see that this is the on create method for the fragment activity and then if you drill it again it will take you to the other end there's a hole. I won't go down that rabbit hole
So and then if you yeah if you if you drill in you can see that this is the on create method for the fragment activity and then if you drill it again it will take you to the other end there's a hole. I won't go down that rabbit hole I just wanted to click it once and I'm going to oh does this take us back to the other one. Oh it does okay that was cool
I just wanted to click it once and I'm going to oh does this take us back to the other one. Oh it does okay that was cool So you can and you can this is I this is one of the things that I think really makes it easy to learn using this IDE because you can actually spend time just poking about and getting to understand oh yeah okay so that's linked to that which is linked to that which is where as in you know in the past you didn't have that and it was kind of like you just have to read the docs and take for granted that you had access to these things
So you can and you can this is I this is one of the things that I think really makes it easy to learn using this IDE because you can actually spend time just poking about and getting to understand oh yeah okay so that's linked to that which is linked to that which is where as in you know in the past you didn't have that and it was kind of like you just have to read the docs and take for granted that you had access to these things And this is also something that I just observing is these ones are locked which means I'm guessing I can't make changes and save it because these are like the hidden files that go into making this so very cool. Yeah so these are the bits that are actually given to you by the operating system
And this is also something that I just observing is these ones are locked which means I'm guessing I can't make changes and save it because these are like the hidden files that go into making this so very cool. Yeah so these are the bits that are actually given to you by the operating system So they're not really actually part of your app they're just part of the like framework that makes Android. Very cool very cool. So yeah so one of the first things we ever do when we're building an app is we're going to do some initialization in our on-create method. Okay
So they're not really actually part of your app they're just part of the like framework that makes Android. Very cool very cool. So yeah so one of the first things we ever do when we're building an app is we're going to do some initialization in our on-create method. Okay And there's a couple of different again there's a million ways that we could do this but here what we're doing is we are setting so in our on-create method we have with giving the binding variable on line 22 and we're giving that a value using this thing called activity main binding dot inflate and then layout inflator
And there's a couple of different again there's a million ways that we could do this but here what we're doing is we are setting so in our on-create method we have with giving the binding variable on line 22 and we're giving that a value using this thing called activity main binding dot inflate and then layout inflator So if we click on the layout inflator variable so the bit that's in the brackets so if you're inflate and then layout inflator, column line 22. Oh yes yes yes. Yep and that should highlight. Okay there we go. Oh let me let me move and Ryan just as a quick thing as I'm trying to get this
So if we click on the layout inflator variable so the bit that's in the brackets so if you're inflate and then layout inflator, column line 22. Oh yes yes yes. Yep and that should highlight. Okay there we go. Oh let me let me move and Ryan just as a quick thing as I'm trying to get this If you see the these little doodads it almost looks like a in a jet city or in jet city that is what I've seen as this
If you see the these little doodads it almost looks like a in a jet city or in jet city that is what I've seen as this If you click this he asked if those are just visible how do you know to connect with them if I'm paraphrasing this right these are auto connected these are not something we would ever technically have to look at by using this IDE because they are part of the Android operating system is just to show you of like this little doodad linked into the fragment activity dot Java and then if I want to go back I can put the CD back in is how I'm viewing these
If you click this he asked if those are just visible how do you know to connect with them if I'm paraphrasing this right these are auto connected these are not something we would ever technically have to look at by using this IDE because they are part of the Android operating system is just to show you of like this little doodad linked into the fragment activity dot Java and then if I want to go back I can put the CD back in is how I'm viewing these Yeah and we're back to where we were and hopefully make sense but I need to make room for my layout inflator to show the description. That's your documentation. Yeah I think. Oh yes yes yeah but that's okay that is I mean he can always make an appearance if you want him to come on the show
Yeah and we're back to where we were and hopefully make sense but I need to make room for my layout inflator to show the description. That's your documentation. Yeah I think. Oh yes yes yeah but that's okay that is I mean he can always make an appearance if you want him to come on the show Okay yeah yeah give me a second though. I'll go. He's only small. I love seeing everybody's pets. I'll just meet myself see that
Okay yeah yeah give me a second though. I'll go. He's only small. I love seeing everybody's pets. I'll just meet myself see that Yes very excited for this and for everyone out of the topic let's see is there some functionality locked behind jailbreak android oh hon I will re-ass that when he gets back
Yes very excited for this and for everyone out of the topic let's see is there some functionality locked behind jailbreak android oh hon I will re-ass that when he gets back I don't know we will ask when he gets back and thank you all for asking such good questions because this is a lot of the learn processes
I don't know we will ask when he gets back and thank you all for asking such good questions because this is a lot of the learn processes I don't always know what questions to ask either so daco no daco no daco it was my wife coming home so unfortunately she gets stilt privileges fair enough fair enough and hon asked a really good question again is there some functionality locked behind jailbreak android want something to cheat engine for android
I don't always know what questions to ask either so daco no daco no daco it was my wife coming home so unfortunately she gets stilt privileges fair enough fair enough and hon asked a really good question again is there some functionality locked behind jailbreak android want something to cheat engine for android So this week we kind of touched on this last week with rooting android so there are yeah essentially there are certain things you can and can't do and if you want to do the things that you can't normally do you have to root your phone to get access to them so yes is the short answer there is some functionality
So this week we kind of touched on this last week with rooting android so there are yeah essentially there are certain things you can and can't do and if you want to do the things that you can't normally do you have to root your phone to get access to them so yes is the short answer there is some functionality And also last week we talked about how jail breaking normally for some reason refers to iPhone and rooting refers to android. Yeah but they're doing the same thing exactly. So it's very I find that very interesting but I hope you have standards in the United States
And also last week we talked about how jail breaking normally for some reason refers to iPhone and rooting refers to android. Yeah but they're doing the same thing exactly. So it's very I find that very interesting but I hope you have standards in the United States No no with anything iPhone or Apple no no of course not it has to be different than everybody else including chargers. Yes but okay so if I go to layout. Oh yay. So so this is a good example of how you can kind of access the documentation within your app while you're building stuff
No no with anything iPhone or Apple no no of course not it has to be different than everybody else including chargers. Yes but okay so if I go to layout. Oh yay. So so this is a good example of how you can kind of access the documentation within your app while you're building stuff So this is what I wanted to show is you highlight kind of a variable or something that's part of the system and it's going to give you an outline of the documentation about it
So this is what I wanted to show is you highlight kind of a variable or something that's part of the system and it's going to give you an outline of the documentation about it So it's going to tell you kind of when it was added to the system and I'm going to click on it and probably break things but that's fine. No I clicked on it and I'm laughing. Oh no that's embarrassing. Let's try one of the other ones and we'll just leave that right there see if it will
So it's going to tell you kind of when it was added to the system and I'm going to click on it and probably break things but that's fine. No I clicked on it and I'm laughing. Oh no that's embarrassing. Let's try one of the other ones and we'll just leave that right there see if it will Okay let's highlight. Oh no it's like much longer. Oh it's yeah it's having a moment we'll leave it be we'll leave it be. But the point is it kind of builds in the documentation into the system so you're supposed to kind of get a bit of a hint again about what things are doing what
Okay let's highlight. Oh no it's like much longer. Oh it's yeah it's having a moment we'll leave it be we'll leave it be. But the point is it kind of builds in the documentation into the system so you're supposed to kind of get a bit of a hint again about what things are doing what And if it's not giving you the right information wait a minute and click again. Apparently so. That's like all things technologies so you never know you never know. But basically what we're doing here with with all the codes on the screen is we are setting up the UI
And if it's not giving you the right information wait a minute and click again. Apparently so. That's like all things technologies so you never know you never know. But basically what we're doing here with with all the codes on the screen is we are setting up the UI So we're creating a binding between the UI file which we'll have a look at in a minute and our activity. So we can then access the components that are in the UI. We can kind of change colors you know handle button presses. Do any of the kind of things that you might normally do in a app
So we're creating a binding between the UI file which we'll have a look at in a minute and our activity. So we can then access the components that are in the UI. We can kind of change colors you know handle button presses. Do any of the kind of things that you might normally do in a app And this is what this code does. And then if you scroll a little bit down to life 31 this is an example of where we're then doing something. So what we've done is we created this binding variable and this binding variable is what I mean as its name suggests binds our app code to our UI
And this is what this code does. And then if you scroll a little bit down to life 31 this is an example of where we're then doing something. So what we've done is we created this binding variable and this binding variable is what I mean as its name suggests binds our app code to our UI Okay so we've got binding and then dot fab well fab will be a UI element that we've defined in our our UI file which we'll see. And we set it so we can see that here it's saying that it's a floating action button which I guess is where fab comes from. And we've set the onClickListener on that
Okay so we've got binding and then dot fab well fab will be a UI element that we've defined in our our UI file which we'll see. And we set it so we can see that here it's saying that it's a floating action button which I guess is where fab comes from. And we've set the onClickListener on that So when a user clicks the button it will trigger this code. And what we're doing here is making it say a message replace your own action with your own action because this is just demo code to show you. This is where you'd put some code to do the to run the button
So when a user clicks the button it will trigger this code. And what we're doing here is making it say a message replace your own action with your own action because this is just demo code to show you. This is where you'd put some code to do the to run the button So I think the best thing we do at this stage is run the app. So you can see that code happening. Okay
So I think the best thing we do at this stage is run the app. So you can see that code happening. Okay Okay. So up the top here there's a nice green plus plus run button and you'll actually see to the to the left of that it says samson sm blah blah blah so it's already connected to your device because it's plugged in
Okay. So up the top here there's a nice green plus plus run button and you'll actually see to the to the left of that it says samson sm blah blah blah so it's already connected to your device because it's plugged in So if you hit the run and we bring up our the tablet view that you which is somewhere over here once close all these. That's fine. Oh I wonder if the device is connected. Let me make sure it's unlocked and then I will reconnect it and possibly run again. Okay. So and then if we just check
So if you hit the run and we bring up our the tablet view that you which is somewhere over here once close all these. That's fine. Oh I wonder if the device is connected. Let me make sure it's unlocked and then I will reconnect it and possibly run again. Okay. So and then if we just check Oh hello. Um duplicate class found. That's interesting. Just try running it again because no no it's just good job Android good job. Um that's probably going to take yeah that's uh that's uh navigate class include
Oh hello. Um duplicate class found. That's interesting. Just try running it again because no no it's just good job Android good job. Um that's probably going to take yeah that's uh that's uh navigate class include This shouldn't this this shouldn't happen but of course it's going to because we're live and that is just the nature of it. Um the the honestly the easiest way might be to create a new like delete this project create a new project. Okay. As we as we're just purely just to get the thing running
This shouldn't this this shouldn't happen but of course it's going to because we're live and that is just the nature of it. Um the the honestly the easiest way might be to create a new like delete this project create a new project. Okay. As we as we're just purely just to get the thing running Yes. So close out close out of this one and we'll go get a new project. Create a new one and we'll use to say it should still be able to use basic activity. I don't really understand what's happened there but uh we'll do that and then click next and we'll just name this one yay make it really easy
Yes. So close out close out of this one and we'll go get a new project. Create a new one and we'll use to say it should still be able to use basic activity. I don't really understand what's happened there but uh we'll do that and then click next and we'll just name this one yay make it really easy Sure sounds good. All right but install all the things. Yeah. Yeah. Am I making sure my where to go? Why did you disconnect again? They're like making it disconnect by running it
Sure sounds good. All right but install all the things. Yeah. Yeah. Am I making sure my where to go? Why did you disconnect again? They're like making it disconnect by running it Oh it might be well we'll see because we can we can run it and then reconnect once it's run it's installed on your phone anyway that's built-out that's not it's not a problem. It's just a bit weird. Um I might have clicked buttons too quickly. This is something I do very often
Oh it might be well we'll see because we can we can run it and then reconnect once it's run it's installed on your phone anyway that's built-out that's not it's not a problem. It's just a bit weird. Um I might have clicked buttons too quickly. This is something I do very often Is it right? It's a good stress test. I clicked it. I clicked it. If you if you it's done the same thing. Oh Google why must you? Why must you do this? Well that's cool and bladder alarms are off on my tablet. So the tablet is still working. Yeah
Is it right? It's a good stress test. I clicked it. I clicked it. If you if you it's done the same thing. Oh Google why must you? Why must you do this? Well that's cool and bladder alarms are off on my tablet. So the tablet is still working. Yeah Yeah. No there's there's there's definitely we might have that that might be something we need to kind of delve deeper into so unfortunately you might not actually be able to run it right now but we can we can finish we can finish going through everything and we'll see where we we get to
Yeah. No there's there's there's definitely we might have that that might be something we need to kind of delve deeper into so unfortunately you might not actually be able to run it right now but we can we can finish we can finish going through everything and we'll see where we we get to And Ryan I feel like you I we eventually you know when I have OBS going in it can do all the alerts is people can like do a counter of saying of how many times I say I clicked something when I wasn't supposed to that would be fine. I like that idea. I like that idea a lot
And Ryan I feel like you I we eventually you know when I have OBS going in it can do all the alerts is people can like do a counter of saying of how many times I say I clicked something when I wasn't supposed to that would be fine. I like that idea. I like that idea a lot All right I'm gonna try it one more time. Yeah there's there's no arm and try. No. No. No. It's not happy. Something is obviously broken and we'll figure that out. So but the point is this is kind of our our main activity and this is where you would enter the application
All right I'm gonna try it one more time. Yeah there's there's no arm and try. No. No. No. It's not happy. Something is obviously broken and we'll figure that out. So but the point is this is kind of our our main activity and this is where you would enter the application You would go through this life cycle of when the when that screen is created do something when a user clicks on a button do something and you can define all these things
You would go through this life cycle of when the when that screen is created do something when a user clicks on a button do something and you can define all these things Now the other thing we want to look at is the the UI the actual what would be displayed on the screen which unfortunately should have been able to show you but whatever. So you can see on the left hand side you've got your Java folder but then we had this res folder so further down that one. Yep
Now the other thing we want to look at is the the UI the actual what would be displayed on the screen which unfortunately should have been able to show you but whatever. So you can see on the left hand side you've got your Java folder but then we had this res folder so further down that one. Yep Yep. And this is this is basically all of the the UI stuff all of the kind of if you've got any like images that you want in your any kind of assets or those sorts of things go in this folder
Yep. And this is this is basically all of the the UI stuff all of the kind of if you've got any like images that you want in your any kind of assets or those sorts of things go in this folder So the Java folder is purely for the code and then this folder is for everything else which I get okay in this apps instances isn't going to be a lot but there's stuff in there. So one of the things is you have is your layout. So if we go on the activity main
So the Java folder is purely for the code and then this folder is for everything else which I get okay in this apps instances isn't going to be a lot but there's stuff in there. So one of the things is you have is your layout. So if we go on the activity mainxml file that will be the layout for all your activity train and it will actually render it as something that you can see. So we can we can have this kind of visual design type thing and it tells you like oh yeah there's a so basically that button in the bottom right hand corner of the screen
xml file that will be the layout for all your activity train and it will actually render it as something that you can see. So we can we can have this kind of visual design type thing and it tells you like oh yeah there's a so basically that button in the bottom right hand corner of the screen The green oh this one the email yeah yeah that will be your button that you were triggering with that replace with your own code with your own activity thing
The green oh this one the email yeah yeah that will be your button that you were triggering with that replace with your own code with your own activity thing So you've got the design and this is the design layout this lets you kind of play around with all the settings for these objects you can kind of play around with like rotation and yeah so you see break things as much as you like. Oh this is exciting. I'm spending like all my time here
So you've got the design and this is the design layout this lets you kind of play around with all the settings for these objects you can kind of play around with like rotation and yeah so you see break things as much as you like. Oh this is exciting. I'm spending like all my time here Yeah and this is obviously and it's all drag and drop as well so like you can take the text view and then drag it into your app and place it down and you know it then kind of you have to set up the like layout and make it understand where it needs to be and it gets a little bit broken but because of the type of layout that you're using again they've recently they've recently updated these sample projects and they're way more confusing than they need to be
Yeah and this is obviously and it's all drag and drop as well so like you can take the text view and then drag it into your app and place it down and you know it then kind of you have to set up the like layout and make it understand where it needs to be and it gets a little bit broken but because of the type of layout that you're using again they've recently they've recently updated these sample projects and they're way more confusing than they need to be But if we have a part three we might actually build something from scratch. I feel like we need to have a part three especially once I get my app built I feel like that would be a great part three to have that on the show because
But if we have a part three we might actually build something from scratch. I feel like we need to have a part three especially once I get my app built I feel like that would be a great part three to have that on the show because And that would be a good way to build something from scratch and kind of because this is really cool just even just getting to this point where people could see um like what they could do. Yeah and I'm like very confused about this like layout
And that would be a good way to build something from scratch and kind of because this is really cool just even just getting to this point where people could see um like what they could do. Yeah and I'm like very confused about this like layout This is because it's basically using relative layout so it doesn't work so well in this view so if you go to the top right hand corner you've got design, split and code
This is because it's basically using relative layout so it doesn't work so well in this view so if you go to the top right hand corner you've got design, split and code If you go to split this gives you the actual XML file on the left hand side and then how that looks when it's been rendered on the other side. So you've clicked on your thing and it's now taking you down to this edit text element and that is literally the you know the the code for that element
If you go to split this gives you the actual XML file on the left hand side and then how that looks when it's been rendered on the other side. So you've clicked on your thing and it's now taking you down to this edit text element and that is literally the you know the the code for that element Annoyingly it's behind the action bar so you can't see your edit but if you were to if you were to click on the thing that says hello first fragment. Then I can change that one at least right. Yeah no that's fine that's fine. So so this is an example of an embedded file again
Annoyingly it's behind the action bar so you can't see your edit but if you were to if you were to click on the thing that says hello first fragment. Then I can change that one at least right. Yeah no that's fine that's fine. So so this is an example of an embedded file again So that layout is a separate file here. So this is a much more simple file which should work a bit nicer so you can literally then click on and then it's going to take you I think to another file. Yeah so there's another fragment
So that layout is a separate file here. So this is a much more simple file which should work a bit nicer so you can literally then click on and then it's going to take you I think to another file. Yeah so there's another fragment Annoyingly it's just trying to click on the text or the button either works. There you go. And you see it's all kind of embedded in itself and this is why I think it's very strange that they've made these basic activities so confusing because there's a lot going on but there we go
Annoyingly it's just trying to click on the text or the button either works. There you go. And you see it's all kind of embedded in itself and this is why I think it's very strange that they've made these basic activities so confusing because there's a lot going on but there we go We've got down to the actual UI and here you've got the actual view and it says like here's your text and you can actually you'll be able to move these elements around on the screen as well because they're basically using this. Okay so we need to go find that file
We've got down to the actual UI and here you've got the actual view and it says like here's your text and you can actually you'll be able to move these elements around on the screen as well because they're basically using this. Okay so we need to go find that file It doesn't do the cool thing that it was doing. So let's go find that file let's let's do that. So on the very left-hand side your projects is kind of minimized but we want to read there we go
It doesn't do the cool thing that it was doing. So let's go find that file let's let's do that. So on the very left-hand side your projects is kind of minimized but we want to read there we go So you've got all these different directories for all these different types of files and it's the values one that you're in the want to look into so you've got layout yeah and then there's a strings file which is relates to that at string and here's your text and where it's defined
So you've got all these different directories for all these different types of files and it's the values one that you're in the want to look into so you've got layout yeah and then there's a strings file which is relates to that at string and here's your text and where it's defined Now you don't have to do this you can actually write the text directly into that thing but the reason why they recommend doing it like this is you can then do translations so you can have a string file for each language that you want to support and you've just got the one file that has to be translated as opposed to all the files
Now you don't have to do this you can actually write the text directly into that thing but the reason why they recommend doing it like this is you can then do translations so you can have a string file for each language that you want to support and you've just got the one file that has to be translated as opposed to all the files Got it. So I got it to update and I don't think next was oh next isn't here. I don't know I just want to go see it now. Yeah
Got it. So I got it to update and I don't think next was oh next isn't here. I don't know I just want to go see it now. Yeah Yeah. I'll take a second but there you go and that's kind of why they're splitting it out because then maybe you want to be able to support this app in Spanish or French or Chinese whatever it might be you would just have a separate strings file that has the correct translated text. Interesting
Yeah. I'll take a second but there you go and that's kind of why they're splitting it out because then maybe you want to be able to support this app in Spanish or French or Chinese whatever it might be you would just have a separate strings file that has the correct translated text. Interesting Interesting. Okay so now I'm like I feel like you have to be back on the show because I have like the huge curiosity of wanting to like actually see something like go through and yeah having it as an Android app at least the project I want to make would be so cool
Interesting. Okay so now I'm like I feel like you have to be back on the show because I have like the huge curiosity of wanting to like actually see something like go through and yeah having it as an Android app at least the project I want to make would be so cool So I'm is there anything else you want to show us in here before I kind of like I think that kind of gives you a good overview of all the sections that make up an app and then yeah the next thing would be to actually build something but yeah right well that one might be like you're hanging out with us for a bit might be multiple streams yesterday I had a two-hour stream to get started on this and the reason I am bringing it up is so I made a visual of it but what I need to update is I'm going to move this away because I think it'd be good to still keep different versions of what I'm learning but then the option
So I'm is there anything else you want to show us in here before I kind of like I think that kind of gives you a good overview of all the sections that make up an app and then yeah the next thing would be to actually build something but yeah right well that one might be like you're hanging out with us for a bit might be multiple streams yesterday I had a two-hour stream to get started on this and the reason I am bringing it up is so I made a visual of it but what I need to update is I'm going to move this away because I think it'd be good to still keep different versions of what I'm learning but then the option So if I have I'm going to use Prisma for the back end and then so if I want to do this with Android it would just be instead of I could keep the rest of this the same except it would be using Android Studio. Yeah
So if I have I'm going to use Prisma for the back end and then so if I want to do this with Android it would just be instead of I could keep the rest of this the same except it would be using Android Studio. Yeah Yeah. So you'd literally just replace you know what we've got what we've called the front end of the application but the database it would be the same database it could be the same everything else okay and you said that it does work with Node.js because it would just be connecting to Node
Yeah. So you'd literally just replace you know what we've got what we've called the front end of the application but the database it would be the same database it could be the same everything else okay and you said that it does work with Node.js because it would just be connecting to Nodejs yeah we just have we'd have like that API interaction okay yeah completely possible yeah this is exciting I am very very excited and for those who are joining today and also just because I really want to show you Zach Zachary I feel like I go back and forth I'm like is Zach Zach Zach Zachary is everybody enters or because right now the way it happens is I manually create these Twitter spaces on Wednesdays yeah every Wednesday it's really annoying because I copy and paste it and I'm like what if someone doesn't want to go in there so the overall goal is to enter Twitter handles like somebody can go on the website and enter and say cool I accept I entered Twitter space link the database combines it and the Twitter API will spit out this in auto post okay yeah so this is yesterday we were working on the React JavaScript web app and now next I'm going to set up Prisma and then MySQL I have a feeling there's going to be something I need between MySQL and the Twitter API but will probably be Prisma again yeah you'd kind of have it coming back out from the database through Prisma to the Twitter API okay well we'll find out it's fine this is a huge learning curve so this is what we will be working on so once I get the app built then I will let you know but I feel like we can definitely get it scheduled and all of that because that gives me a deadline as well yeah this has been great and thank you for coming on the show today Zachary it's so much knowledge drops and before we end the stream today y'all anyone have any other questions yay for Zachary coming back later on because I I honestly went to go get a tablet this week and I'm through and through an iPhone and Mac user y'all have heard that before but I'm like this is actually really cool I now want to build an app like really bad a real one thank you yay all right everyone have a wonderful day night evening and weekends bye bye
js yeah we just have we'd have like that API interaction okay yeah completely possible yeah this is exciting I am very very excited and for those who are joining today and also just because I really want to show you Zach Zachary I feel like I go back and forth I'm like is Zach Zach Zach Zachary is everybody enters or because right now the way it happens is I manually create these Twitter spaces on Wednesdays yeah every Wednesday it's really annoying because I copy and paste it and I'm like what if someone doesn't want to go in there so the overall goal is to enter Twitter handles like somebody can go on the website and enter and say cool I accept I entered Twitter space link the database combines it and the Twitter API will spit out this in auto post okay yeah so this is yesterday we were working on the React JavaScript web app and now next I'm going to set up Prisma and then MySQL I have a feeling there's going to be something I need between MySQL and the Twitter API but will probably be Prisma again yeah you'd kind of have it coming back out from the database through Prisma to the Twitter API okay well we'll find out it's fine this is a huge learning curve so this is what we will be working on so once I get the app built then I will let you know but I feel like we can definitely get it scheduled and all of that because that gives me a deadline as well yeah this has been great and thank you for coming on the show today Zachary it's so much knowledge drops and before we end the stream today y'all anyone have any other questions yay for Zachary coming back later on because I I honestly went to go get a tablet this week and I'm through and through an iPhone and Mac user y'all have heard that before but I'm like this is actually really cool I now want to build an app like really bad a real one thank you yay all right everyone have a wonderful day night evening and weekends bye bye