What a beautiful humans. All right, and Randall streaming. Probably gonna be doing this a lot this weekend Even if I only have like an hour to work on this, I definitely want to because today, I think I was planning on turning earlier today, but I spent like the entire day getting my foot and ankle checked out because I am a silly goose and I use something that is not a chair for a chair and I shouldn't have
Even if I only have like an hour to work on this, I definitely want to because today, I think I was planning on turning earlier today, but I spent like the entire day getting my foot and ankle checked out because I am a silly goose and I use something that is not a chair for a chair and I shouldn't have We'll just go with that. You will go with that. So I will be streaming D&D here in about an hour, not on my channel, but on another channel and Jacob's channel, but I can link that in. But today, I have made some progress on my project. Bring that up for me a second
We'll just go with that. You will go with that. So I will be streaming D&D here in about an hour, not on my channel, but on another channel and Jacob's channel, but I can link that in. But today, I have made some progress on my project. Bring that up for me a second And today's music, we are trying the not loop thing to see if that work. Maybe not bug people as much, but we will see. Okay. So. We need to be. So for whoever is joining the party tonight, I have made a Twitter. I want to make a Twitter space tagging app
And today's music, we are trying the not loop thing to see if that work. Maybe not bug people as much, but we will see. Okay. So. We need to be. So for whoever is joining the party tonight, I have made a Twitter. I want to make a Twitter space tagging app I get that it's probably already exists, but I'm just seeing if I can do it. So the outline of what I want to get done is I'll work backwards. Let's look at this new dog of every week. I host a mental health and Twitter space or mental health and neurodiversity Twitter space in tech
I get that it's probably already exists, but I'm just seeing if I can do it. So the outline of what I want to get done is I'll work backwards. Let's look at this new dog of every week. I host a mental health and Twitter space or mental health and neurodiversity Twitter space in tech I think about how it shows up in tech. So what I'm wanting to do is I always say, hey, there's a Twitter space. Second tweet is always literally a copy and paste it. And then for everybody that signed up to be tagged, I put them in there
I think about how it shows up in tech. So what I'm wanting to do is I always say, hey, there's a Twitter space. Second tweet is always literally a copy and paste it. And then for everybody that signed up to be tagged, I put them in there And I'm like, y'all, this takes me like way too much time and thought process. And I do it every single week. So this is why I was like, you know, I've got a challenge that I learn everything that I've learned. Use everything I've learned on teach chant at this far
And I'm like, y'all, this takes me like way too much time and thought process. And I do it every single week. So this is why I was like, you know, I've got a challenge that I learn everything that I've learned. Use everything I've learned on teach chant at this far So I am using a, I want to be able to enter a Twitter handle and the, the Twitter space link and then combine them and have a lot of post. And hello Ryan. What up? And Ryan's already heard all of this, but just in case
So I am using a, I want to be able to enter a Twitter handle and the, the Twitter space link and then combine them and have a lot of post. And hello Ryan. What up? And Ryan's already heard all of this, but just in case I am going to be doing it as a react JS web app, which I did work on mostly yesterday. And then I'm going to look into getting out with this prismas set up. And then using my sequel and then Prisma and then Twitter API to auto post. We're going to see how this goes because the plan keeps changing
I am going to be doing it as a react JS web app, which I did work on mostly yesterday. And then I'm going to look into getting out with this prismas set up. And then using my sequel and then Prisma and then Twitter API to auto post. We're going to see how this goes because the plan keeps changing And my goal is to get this done by Sunday. So I will probably be streaming on again off again tomorrow in the fact that instead of. Streaming today, I. Good call Ryan. Good call. I instead of streaming earlier today, I was
And my goal is to get this done by Sunday. So I will probably be streaming on again off again tomorrow in the fact that instead of. Streaming today, I. Good call Ryan. Good call. I instead of streaming earlier today, I was Hanging out at urgent care and getting x raise, but my foot and ankle are fine. They are just super bruised and anybody wants to see that. Go to my Twitter. It's there. Not the proudest moment, but that is okay. So this is also giving me great practice in. Being able to go find my. Stuff. And
Hanging out at urgent care and getting x raise, but my foot and ankle are fine. They are just super bruised and anybody wants to see that. Go to my Twitter. It's there. Not the proudest moment, but that is okay. So this is also giving me great practice in. Being able to go find my. Stuff. And Stuff. And. Let's see. Oh, it didn't loop it. So it doesn't keep going. The music doesn't keep going if it doesn't loop. Oh. That's done. Well, I'm going to do. Feeding the ducks because it's my favorite one
Stuff. And. Let's see. Oh, it didn't loop it. So it doesn't keep going. The music doesn't keep going if it doesn't loop. Oh. That's done. Well, I'm going to do. Feeding the ducks because it's my favorite one If somebody could look into new music for me because you have to like have like specific things for like copyright issues and stuff. That would be awesome because. I. Like. Need something else. And so does probably everyone else. But
If somebody could look into new music for me because you have to like have like specific things for like copyright issues and stuff. That would be awesome because. I. Like. Need something else. And so does probably everyone else. But But. I will pace this in here and can see anybody else feels like looking it up and looking into it. And you know, providing the stream new music. Because. Yeah. I got enough to worry about. So. Okay. I need to. This is also giving me an habit of coding every day, but also
But. I will pace this in here and can see anybody else feels like looking it up and looking into it. And you know, providing the stream new music. Because. Yeah. I got enough to worry about. So. Okay. I need to. This is also giving me an habit of coding every day, but also I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. Like how to properly. Important export. So I did do a stream for Teach on Tech earlier today. It was for. To be able to create. A Android app. And I actually have bought an Android and everything to. And I'm actually not
I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. Like how to properly. Important export. So I did do a stream for Teach on Tech earlier today. It was for. To be able to create. A Android app. And I actually have bought an Android and everything to. And I'm actually not Not uploading that to get up right now. Because it was doing what we wanted it to do. And I'm going to be back on the show later on after I get this. I'll figure it out. And you will be. Basically taking this app that I built and now making an Android app. And we'll put that on GitHub
Not uploading that to get up right now. Because it was doing what we wanted it to do. And I'm going to be back on the show later on after I get this. I'll figure it out. And you will be. Basically taking this app that I built and now making an Android app. And we'll put that on GitHub But this one. Not so much. So. And I know I need a clone it. And working through this. So. This one is named. Twitter tagging. Because. I'm a genius. And didn't know what to name it. As a heads up. I have had a cat named Blackie. Like. It's. I named things as I. What they are. It's not
But this one. Not so much. So. And I know I need a clone it. And working through this. So. This one is named. Twitter tagging. Because. I'm a genius. And didn't know what to name it. As a heads up. I have had a cat named Blackie. Like. It's. I named things as I. What they are. It's not It's not. Not the best at it. That's okay. We have not updated our. We'd meet yet. Which. Yesterday. I can go through what we did. But. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. We are going to see if I can do this right. What about me? Oh, dude, I don't know if you saw my tweet. But my foot. Okay. Good news. I
It's not. Not the best at it. That's okay. We have not updated our. We'd meet yet. Which. Yesterday. I can go through what we did. But. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. We are going to see if I can do this right. What about me? Oh, dude, I don't know if you saw my tweet. But my foot. Okay. Good news. I Okay. Good news. I. You not have any like. Broken bones. Yeah. This is great news. I do although have. A ton of bruising from my. I think I'm going to be getting a little spill earlier this week. And. Then also, I have. You know, I felt really hard on Wednesday
Okay. Good news. I. You not have any like. Broken bones. Yeah. This is great news. I do although have. A ton of bruising from my. I think I'm going to be getting a little spill earlier this week. And. Then also, I have. You know, I felt really hard on Wednesday I basically was standing on something that I shouldn't have. And standing on. And I fell off of it. And then on top of it. So. My. Ankle foot is really, really messed up. And today's day two, which the the way that
I basically was standing on something that I shouldn't have. And standing on. And I fell off of it. And then on top of it. So. My. Ankle foot is really, really messed up. And today's day two, which the the way that I'm like, Urgent Care explained it is that it, the swelling may go up, but we did do X-rays. Nothing's broken. I may have some torn tendons. I don't know, we'll find out. But I basically can't walk anywhere and I have a cool boot on. So I guess I could go look that up for you guys really quick
I'm like, Urgent Care explained it is that it, the swelling may go up, but we did do X-rays. Nothing's broken. I may have some torn tendons. I don't know, we'll find out. But I basically can't walk anywhere and I have a cool boot on. So I guess I could go look that up for you guys really quick I'm like, I'll make the weeder. I'll make the weeder. It was, you know, I've been doing really good last week. Month. Yeah. Do you know people have, people definitely have. And I feel like I should tell people this, but I don't know if they'll ever believe me
I'm like, I'll make the weeder. I'll make the weeder. It was, you know, I've been doing really good last week. Month. Yeah. Do you know people have, people definitely have. And I feel like I should tell people this, but I don't know if they'll ever believe me I am that person that, like, how to say this. How to say this? You would think I would have learned this lesson when I was like 12 when this first happened. So I don't know if these even, like exist anymore, but like roller rinks. I was at a roller rink with my friends and with my roller blades on
I am that person that, like, how to say this. How to say this? You would think I would have learned this lesson when I was like 12 when this first happened. So I don't know if these even, like exist anymore, but like roller rinks. I was at a roller rink with my friends and with my roller blades on And I'm going like back and forth with my roller blades while I'm on a chair. And it's so funny. Ha, ha, ha. I fell off. Everybody's laughing, but then telling me not to do it, which is so right. You know, like, you don't want to do that. You might fall off. Soon
And I'm going like back and forth with my roller blades while I'm on a chair. And it's so funny. Ha, ha, ha. I fell off. Everybody's laughing, but then telling me not to do it, which is so right. You know, like, you don't want to do that. You might fall off. Soon Soon. Well, maybe in me, even at a young age, I'm like, oh, it'll be fine. And I do it again. But this time, instead of falling to the side, I fall forward. And there, I mean, I'm blind as can be, but I actually have a scar through my eyebrow because I fell forward. Huge, huge
Soon. Well, maybe in me, even at a young age, I'm like, oh, it'll be fine. And I do it again. But this time, instead of falling to the side, I fall forward. And there, I mean, I'm blind as can be, but I actually have a scar through my eyebrow because I fell forward. Huge, huge Huge, huge. This it, you can be in this chat or you can be on Twitch. So yes, come over to Twitch. Do you need the link? Let me find my link. Where's the link? Where's the link? Because I need to get this project done. And I have like 45 minutes to get it done, or like to get it
Huge, huge. This it, you can be in this chat or you can be on Twitch. So yes, come over to Twitch. Do you need the link? Let me find my link. Where's the link? Where's the link? Because I need to get this project done. And I have like 45 minutes to get it done, or like to get it Then yeah, I like, okay, so thank you. Thank you, hold me. I have 45 minutes to get it done or like get progress on this because I spent all day at urgent care because it was like super, super fun thing to do. And here, I will give you the link here as well. So it goes over there
Then yeah, I like, okay, so thank you. Thank you, hold me. I have 45 minutes to get it done or like get progress on this because I spent all day at urgent care because it was like super, super fun thing to do. And here, I will give you the link here as well. So it goes over there This is me posting about my wonderful experience. Yeah. Yay. Okay, Venya, I don't know how many times I've posted this, but that is the story about what I did. And the photos of what I did because I'm very, very talented in falling is what I was telling everyone about
This is me posting about my wonderful experience. Yeah. Yay. Okay, Venya, I don't know how many times I've posted this, but that is the story about what I did. And the photos of what I did because I'm very, very talented in falling is what I was telling everyone about And why I'm streaming, I will be playing D&D here in like 45 minutes. So I'm like, I'm going to be at the computer. Let me at least do something. So I need to make sure I actually copy this. And I need to get to the right folder. Hmm. You can change content folder to something else
And why I'm streaming, I will be playing D&D here in like 45 minutes. So I'm like, I'm going to be at the computer. Let me at least do something. So I need to make sure I actually copy this. And I need to get to the right folder. Hmm. You can change content folder to something else Uh, should we do writing? Yay. No, we're not. Well, maybe but not now. What children's, uh, oh, got a hot day. Yay. And liking what? Oh, no, like, I mean, it's, I find it funny. I hope the comment, at least, but like came across that I found it funny that this kept happening over the garden wall
Uh, should we do writing? Yay. No, we're not. Well, maybe but not now. What children's, uh, oh, got a hot day. Yay. And liking what? Oh, no, like, I mean, it's, I find it funny. I hope the comment, at least, but like came across that I found it funny that this kept happening over the garden wall Does that have anything to do with like the secret garden? Go for the garden wall. Y'all, we are taking it a quick, not ad break, a quick ADHD break to find out what over the garden wall is. But it's a movie, not a series. As a movie. OK, I can look back and forth. Oh, geez. No, the
Does that have anything to do with like the secret garden? Go for the garden wall. Y'all, we are taking it a quick, not ad break, a quick ADHD break to find out what over the garden wall is. But it's a movie, not a series. As a movie. OK, I can look back and forth. Oh, geez. No, the Oh, geez. No, the. What? OK, I will look at this more later. It looks interesting. I hope you enjoy your movie and hot date. What up, Akari? Yes, I am awkwardly coding on a Friday night before I play B and B, because it's cool. And. I. Only you always make me laugh
Oh, geez. No, the. What? OK, I will look at this more later. It looks interesting. I hope you enjoy your movie and hot date. What up, Akari? Yes, I am awkwardly coding on a Friday night before I play B and B, because it's cool. And. I. Only you always make me laugh But what about like spirited away? I get, I mean, I like all those movies. But I can't say like, I don't know, like Princess Mononoke. All those are all my go-to's, but I need to look up more. What am I doing? OK, I have to minimize this. I don't know what my timeline is open. Next to this. Right
But what about like spirited away? I get, I mean, I like all those movies. But I can't say like, I don't know, like Princess Mononoke. All those are all my go-to's, but I need to look up more. What am I doing? OK, I have to minimize this. I don't know what my timeline is open. Next to this. Right Right. Here we go. We have it open
Right. Here we go. We have it open So how many of you are doing trick-or-treating this year? Like either taking your kids or friends or just going yourself or like having candy for trick-or-treaters? Do you guys like actually like that stuff
So how many of you are doing trick-or-treating this year? Like either taking your kids or friends or just going yourself or like having candy for trick-or-treaters? Do you guys like actually like that stuff I'm like, I'm gauging because I grew up super religious, so I don't know how it actually goes
I'm like, I'm gauging because I grew up super religious, so I don't know how it actually goes And I need Prisma. Which I think, yes. Oh, you like JavaScript. Oh, OK. That's cool. I hope you guys have fun. Oh, yeah, this next weekend Halloween is on Monday. I forget that people do like Halloween parties throughout the entire month
And I need Prisma. Which I think, yes. Oh, you like JavaScript. Oh, OK. That's cool. I hope you guys have fun. Oh, yeah, this next weekend Halloween is on Monday. I forget that people do like Halloween parties throughout the entire month I honestly don't think I've been to a Halloween party in like six years. Anything about this? Yeah, probably not because Tyler's birthday is the day before Halloween and we go horse riding instead. It's a lot of fun. Ah, so we don't normally Halloween
I honestly don't think I've been to a Halloween party in like six years. Anything about this? Yeah, probably not because Tyler's birthday is the day before Halloween and we go horse riding instead. It's a lot of fun. Ah, so we don't normally Halloween OK, we are going to figure out these silly relational databases. And... Oh, yeah. Vania, I forgot that you said you have a conference or that you're going out there for the week. Like... And then... Fam and chill. Many sneakers. I almost said sneakers. Snickers
OK, we are going to figure out these silly relational databases. And... Oh, yeah. Vania, I forgot that you said you have a conference or that you're going out there for the week. Like... And then... Fam and chill. Many sneakers. I almost said sneakers. Snickers Snickers. I hope you're not eating sneakers, but I mean, you could. Wow, Ryan. Wow. OK, y'all. Like, this is so weird. I... Ryan sent me a connection on LinkedIn. And he lives where I used to live and live there for like a year and worked at a casino. And he lives there. Wow
Snickers. I hope you're not eating sneakers, but I mean, you could. Wow, Ryan. Wow. OK, y'all. Like, this is so weird. I... Ryan sent me a connection on LinkedIn. And he lives where I used to live and live there for like a year and worked at a casino. And he lives there. Wow Wow. How crazy is that? Like, small world, right? Oh, and Vania, I've been meaning to tell you, Janika also lives in this area and we need to all hang out. I told Janika about it. Janika is down and I keep forgetting to tell you. As you know, I am horrible at written out rings to tell people that
Wow. How crazy is that? Like, small world, right? Oh, and Vania, I've been meaning to tell you, Janika also lives in this area and we need to all hang out. I told Janika about it. Janika is down and I keep forgetting to tell you. As you know, I am horrible at written out rings to tell people that Hmm. I need my sequels. I then let's see if it's set up and if I can walk back in. Yeah, but you worked at the casino at like, I think 10 years before I got there. Oh, it's running. Yay. Y'all, I am showing this for this tutorial. Just know when I'm done. I am hiding all the shenanigans from me
Hmm. I need my sequels. I then let's see if it's set up and if I can walk back in. Yeah, but you worked at the casino at like, I think 10 years before I got there. Oh, it's running. Yay. Y'all, I am showing this for this tutorial. Just know when I'm done. I am hiding all the shenanigans from me Like, I'm changing it all. Changing all the shenanigans. So. Okay, so I have a database. I don't know if I'm supposed to do with it, but I have it. Metrics? No. Databases. Great. I don't need a new database. It's got me as a member. Oh. Yeah, I don't know what I'm doing for all of this
Like, I'm changing it all. Changing all the shenanigans. So. Okay, so I have a database. I don't know if I'm supposed to do with it, but I have it. Metrics? No. Databases. Great. I don't need a new database. It's got me as a member. Oh. Yeah, I don't know what I'm doing for all of this Oh, that makes two of us. I'm working on it. I will show you my very cool mirror board that I'm very proud of. So, Venya, you know how every week I like to tag everyone for my Twitter spaces? I literally put like the same post, just whatever the Twitter space link is. And then I tag everyone
Oh, that makes two of us. I'm working on it. I will show you my very cool mirror board that I'm very proud of. So, Venya, you know how every week I like to tag everyone for my Twitter spaces? I literally put like the same post, just whatever the Twitter space link is. And then I tag everyone And then I was like, I need to stop doing this. I need to do it like automated because it takes me forever. And then I forget to do it. So I want to make it so it enters the Twitter handle and enters the Twitter space link combined. And voila, it spits it out. It's what I'm working on
And then I was like, I need to stop doing this. I need to do it like automated because it takes me forever. And then I forget to do it. So I want to make it so it enters the Twitter handle and enters the Twitter space link combined. And voila, it spits it out. It's what I'm working on So I came up with this one. This one I need to scoot down. This is like getting me in like a while. This is nowhere, nowhere soon. That to do all of this, I think this is what I need to do. Um, I don't know. I think it's possible. We're going to find out
So I came up with this one. This one I need to scoot down. This is like getting me in like a while. This is nowhere, nowhere soon. That to do all of this, I think this is what I need to do. Um, I don't know. I think it's possible. We're going to find out I think it's going to be a little bit more than I thought. I think it's going to be a little bit more than I thought. But, I'm also using this as a good reason to see if it works to learn it. Of what doesn't doesn't work. So this is one. I'm very great at. Tyler will tell you I'm very great at it
I think it's going to be a little bit more than I thought. I think it's going to be a little bit more than I thought. But, I'm also using this as a good reason to see if it works to learn it. Of what doesn't doesn't work. So this is one. I'm very great at. Tyler will tell you I'm very great at it Of I will listen to other people's advice and then not take it. I'm going to do one on map. But other times I'm just really stubborn and want to see if I can figure it out. So that's kind of where we're at for this. Because I know it's definitely possible. Okay. I don't know
Of I will listen to other people's advice and then not take it. I'm going to do one on map. But other times I'm just really stubborn and want to see if I can figure it out. So that's kind of where we're at for this. Because I know it's definitely possible. Okay. I don't know Okay. I don't know. I probably can do a lot of random things that I don't know what I'm doing. But, yes, I am trying to figure this out. I will ask you how to do that once I figure this out. Because you're probably right. But, I need to give this figured out. It's going to be great
Okay. I don't know. I probably can do a lot of random things that I don't know what I'm doing. But, yes, I am trying to figure this out. I will ask you how to do that once I figure this out. Because you're probably right. But, I need to give this figured out. It's going to be great It's going to be phenomenal. I think. Oh, I also have to. Yes, I click on a lot of things and try to break a lot of things, which is probably very apparent. As my foot is in a keep it safe boot. I don't even know how I would access this externally
It's going to be phenomenal. I think. Oh, I also have to. Yes, I click on a lot of things and try to break a lot of things, which is probably very apparent. As my foot is in a keep it safe boot. I don't even know how I would access this externally I don't even know how I would access this externally. I'm going to do it. So at this point, just so you all know the part that I'm working on is prisma is telling me prerequisites of it. So, I'm going to do a lot of things. I'm going to do a lot of things
I don't even know how I would access this externally. I'm going to do it. So at this point, just so you all know the part that I'm working on is prisma is telling me prerequisites of it. So, I'm going to do a lot of things. I'm going to do a lot of things I should probably just put this in my mirror board. Then, yeah, I know I totally owe you an email reply. Did you reply to my tweet yet? Texts? Tweet? We have too many ways of communication. I need people to just use one
I should probably just put this in my mirror board. Then, yeah, I know I totally owe you an email reply. Did you reply to my tweet yet? Texts? Tweet? We have too many ways of communication. I need people to just use one Can I say, hey, only use like X? I feel like I lose people's conversations all the time. Are we even discord friends yet? I don't know for discord friends. That's an added complication. I just want to say you guys when Venia and I first became friends, I was so awkward
Can I say, hey, only use like X? I feel like I lose people's conversations all the time. Are we even discord friends yet? I don't know for discord friends. That's an added complication. I just want to say you guys when Venia and I first became friends, I was so awkward I was like, yeah, so I don't know how to get a hold of you. Because you said you don't check your DMs. That's the only way I know how to get a hold of you. It's cool. I make friends in awkward ways. It's really, really fun. I'm going to send you a... So we can be friends there too
I was like, yeah, so I don't know how to get a hold of you. Because you said you don't check your DMs. That's the only way I know how to get a hold of you. It's cool. I make friends in awkward ways. It's really, really fun. I'm going to send you a... So we can be friends there too It's going to be great. Ryan, which are you asking like which one Venia prefers? I'm guessing... Discord. Where are my friends? Where are my friends? Add a new friend. Let's be friends. Faced. Are you asking me? Oh. I'm discord
It's going to be great. Ryan, which are you asking like which one Venia prefers? I'm guessing... Discord. Where are my friends? Where are my friends? Add a new friend. Let's be friends. Faced. Are you asking me? Oh. I'm discord I'm discord. I would prefer discord because I forget to reply to emails and LinkedIn and DMs. Discord, I at least like... Because it can do more... Like I can add other people and stuff. I'll put my discord. People can add me on discord. I'm cool with that
I'm discord. I would prefer discord because I forget to reply to emails and LinkedIn and DMs. Discord, I at least like... Because it can do more... Like I can add other people and stuff. I'll put my discord. People can add me on discord. I'm cool with that I'm cool with that. Dago, what are you doing? Where are you going? Go hang in with your dad, Dago. I don't know what she's doing. I guess I've put it on YouTube. That's fine. YouTube can have it as well. Oh, Venia, I always do it to YouTube too
I'm cool with that. Dago, what are you doing? Where are you going? Go hang in with your dad, Dago. I don't know what she's doing. I guess I've put it on YouTube. That's fine. YouTube can have it as well. Oh, Venia, I always do it to YouTube too So I don't have to download the video and upload it if I do the live it goes to mouth. I will say, oh, bye Venia. Have a wonderful time. I'm sorry. Isn't Venia lovely? She's such an incredible human. Oh, look, they're suggesting Python application. I'm like, we have Python on Mondays
So I don't have to download the video and upload it if I do the live it goes to mouth. I will say, oh, bye Venia. Have a wonderful time. I'm sorry. Isn't Venia lovely? She's such an incredible human. Oh, look, they're suggesting Python application. I'm like, we have Python on Mondays Oh, y'all, if we become mean girls, like we wear pink on Wednesdays, you. I get that Python as Mondays, but that's different, right? I don't want to be a mean girl. Maybe I will be one day, who knows? I think I got it. I think I got it. Do I have a connection you are? Service you are
Oh, y'all, if we become mean girls, like we wear pink on Wednesdays, you. I get that Python as Mondays, but that's different, right? I don't want to be a mean girl. Maybe I will be one day, who knows? I think I got it. I think I got it. Do I have a connection you are? Service you are I think that's it. Please hold well. I will yell at my dog. All right. That was fun. I think she likes to hurt herself. She has really bad allergies, so she looks to death. All right. Learn to an existing no JS or text trick project. I'm not sure if I can do it
I think that's it. Please hold well. I will yell at my dog. All right. That was fun. I think she likes to hurt herself. She has really bad allergies, so she looks to death. All right. Learn to an existing no JS or text trick project. I'm not sure if I can do it Y'all, I'm staring at this because I'm realizing that I have that part set up as a react. Isn't all of. I'm going to find out. We're just going to try it. You have packin.js. Pretty sure we do. Yes, yes, we do. Okay. Cool. We are there. We're ready. We're ready
Y'all, I'm staring at this because I'm realizing that I have that part set up as a react. Isn't all of. I'm going to find out. We're just going to try it. You have packin.js. Pretty sure we do. Yes, yes, we do. Okay. Cool. We are there. We're ready. We're ready We're ready. I don't know if you guys can see this on blind blind is bad Let's see what happens if I just force everything to be fixed. Why not? Oh wow. One. Oh wow. One. I think I got way more vulnerabilities than we had. Whatever. This is the fun thing I'm not doing it for anybody else
We're ready. I don't know if you guys can see this on blind blind is bad Let's see what happens if I just force everything to be fixed. Why not? Oh wow. One. Oh wow. One. I think I got way more vulnerabilities than we had. Whatever. This is the fun thing I'm not doing it for anybody else If I break something, I just frustrate. I'll be watching, but then just like myself learning and if you couldn't tell I definitely learn best by breaking it. Oh. Oh yeah
If I break something, I just frustrate. I'll be watching, but then just like myself learning and if you couldn't tell I definitely learn best by breaking it. Oh. Oh yeah Oh. Oh yeah. I'm going to take a screenshot of this one because it is asking me to do fix this in my Git ignore, but I'm not going to take a screenshot of this one because it is asking me to do fix this in my Git ignore
Oh. Oh yeah. I'm going to take a screenshot of this one because it is asking me to do fix this in my Git ignore, but I'm not going to take a screenshot of this one because it is asking me to do fix this in my Git ignore At the moment, I'm going to ignore that and give back to you a later and see what I can figure out then. Set the database URL and the dot emb file to point to your existing database. If your database has no tables yet, read this getting started. I'm going to use the name of the database
At the moment, I'm going to ignore that and give back to you a later and see what I can figure out then. Set the database URL and the dot emb file to point to your existing database. If your database has no tables yet, read this getting started. I'm going to use the name of the database I'm going to use the name of the database. I'm going to use the name of the database. I'm going to use the name of the database. I'm going to use the name of the database. I'm going to use the name of the database. I'm going to use the name of the database
I'm going to use the name of the database. I'm going to use the name of the database. I'm going to use the name of the database. I'm going to use the name of the database. I'm going to use the name of the database. I'm going to use the name of the database I'm going to use the name of the database. I'm going to use the name of the database. I'm going to use the name of the database. Okay, let's minimize these. Okay, so I need Prisma and then skew my dot Prisma. I don't know. Oh, we've got Prisma
I'm going to use the name of the database. I'm going to use the name of the database. I'm going to use the name of the database. Okay, let's minimize these. Okay, so I need Prisma and then skew my dot Prisma. I don't know. Oh, we've got Prisma I'm honestly just installing these because I'm like, that would make sense. 100% don't know what they do. Great way of learning things, but these two look like they're from Prisma. So might as well get them. Definitely don't need all of these open still. Let's go back here. Oh, yes, it looks great
I'm honestly just installing these because I'm like, that would make sense. 100% don't know what they do. Great way of learning things, but these two look like they're from Prisma. So might as well get them. Definitely don't need all of these open still. Let's go back here. Oh, yes, it looks great I need equals server. And my your own database, your role. Yeah, it's the service you are. Wait. Okay, database URL. Okay. Okay, I got 15 minutes. Okay, and that's y'all I need to like actually. How do I? Oh, Man yeah, when I see you all day. But Okay
I need equals server. And my your own database, your role. Yeah, it's the service you are. Wait. Okay, database URL. Okay. Okay, I got 15 minutes. Okay, and that's y'all I need to like actually. How do I? Oh, Man yeah, when I see you all day. But Okay But Okay. Well, I do have an error, which is actually kind of cool. Uh oh. This housing index section is filled in high. Oh, let's give that whole work. Here in SRC report web finals and text here. Let's see report web finals. Oh, let's see report web finals. Oh, I don't know
But Okay. Well, I do have an error, which is actually kind of cool. Uh oh. This housing index section is filled in high. Oh, let's give that whole work. Here in SRC report web finals and text here. Let's see report web finals. Oh, let's see report web finals. Oh, I don't know Oh, I don't know. Oh, three just four leads to the grant import syntax errors may only appear at top level. And this is a cheap as file. Oh, this is cool. Music and Oh, is it same top level because it's..
Oh, I don't know. Oh, three just four leads to the grant import syntax errors may only appear at top level. And this is a cheap as file. Oh, this is cool. Music and Oh, is it same top level because it's.... I told you, I Vampirée Pegasus isn't this smile-eye^^ Um, what's Guess какой is it? Let's go! So that's a SRC in the next. Let's do that. Import, yeah, import. Oh, are you trying to tell me what are your imports aren't working? Import, air in. Report what miles. Top chance
.. I told you, I Vampirée Pegasus isn't this smile-eye^^ Um, what's Guess какой is it? Let's go! So that's a SRC in the next. Let's do that. Import, yeah, import. Oh, are you trying to tell me what are your imports aren't working? Import, air in. Report what miles. Top chance Top chance. I'm counting this will solve it, right? I feel like I can't get rid of it. I'm not on the car. You know you're always welcome back on the show. This is frustrating. Go with this. Into the good goals you go. Hello, hello, how's it going? I'm having fun working on whatever this air is
Top chance. I'm counting this will solve it, right? I feel like I can't get rid of it. I'm not on the car. You know you're always welcome back on the show. This is frustrating. Go with this. Into the good goals you go. Hello, hello, how's it going? I'm having fun working on whatever this air is I'm working on building a map that there. Yes, there may be other ways to do this. This is me trying to figure it out just to see if it's possible
I'm working on building a map that there. Yes, there may be other ways to do this. This is me trying to figure it out just to see if it's possible I'm working on getting a react web app to work with Prisma to work with my sequel to get to this possibly Prisma to the Twitter API to auto post a thread. Yeah, and my goal is to get this time by Sunday. We'll see. And as a heads up y'all, it looks like my D&D crew might be running a little late
I'm working on getting a react web app to work with Prisma to work with my sequel to get to this possibly Prisma to the Twitter API to auto post a thread. Yeah, and my goal is to get this time by Sunday. We'll see. And as a heads up y'all, it looks like my D&D crew might be running a little late So basically just waiting for them to tell me when I need to jump. I'm on a schedule of I just want to have a deadline. And if I don't knew a deadline, I won't like get it done in time. Like it all never get it done. So I'm giving myself a deadline. And I played D&D on Friday nights
So basically just waiting for them to tell me when I need to jump. I'm on a schedule of I just want to have a deadline. And if I don't knew a deadline, I won't like get it done in time. Like it all never get it done. So I'm giving myself a deadline. And I played D&D on Friday nights And so I'm waiting for the DM to let me know when I need to hop from my screen and go on his dream. Yes, exactly. And I streamed and I don't know how to say your name. No. Okay. Can I call you know for like can you tell me where I'm supposed to like pronunciation at. I'm so sorry I'm bad at these
And so I'm waiting for the DM to let me know when I need to hop from my screen and go on his dream. Yes, exactly. And I streamed and I don't know how to say your name. No. Okay. Can I call you know for like can you tell me where I'm supposed to like pronunciation at. I'm so sorry I'm bad at these I am also just I've had this stream teach Gen Tech for three and a half months. And I keep doing stuff with people on the stream and not by myself. So these are all like different pieces that people have taught me as well. But I haven't gone in to go see if I could do anything myself
I am also just I've had this stream teach Gen Tech for three and a half months. And I keep doing stuff with people on the stream and not by myself. So these are all like different pieces that people have taught me as well. But I haven't gone in to go see if I could do anything myself Well, I know I can. I just like do ask for help and get unstuck faster. Which does not mean I retain the knowledge. Just frustrating. Is it said. Okay, now really stuck on a name. Is it then new cooney or new. Or anywhere close to that anyone else want to give a guess because
Well, I know I can. I just like do ask for help and get unstuck faster. Which does not mean I retain the knowledge. Just frustrating. Is it said. Okay, now really stuck on a name. Is it then new cooney or new. Or anywhere close to that anyone else want to give a guess because I have done it for free. New coon. Is that it? Is that it? I'm so bad. The car. I think your name was one of the easiest names because you have a really cool name to you. And but you like the car. The car. Like you know the two but together. I always think of it. Yes. I started as a co-incident
I have done it for free. New coon. Is that it? Is that it? I'm so bad. The car. I think your name was one of the easiest names because you have a really cool name to you. And but you like the car. The car. Like you know the two but together. I always think of it. Yes. I started as a co-incident I started this. Almost four months ago. And I've been live learning three to four times a week. I live stream. At a regular time. For this project. I'm just streaming whenever I can to get this stuff done. And tell hope myself accountable to get it done. And. It has been
I started this. Almost four months ago. And I've been live learning three to four times a week. I live stream. At a regular time. For this project. I'm just streaming whenever I can to get this stuff done. And tell hope myself accountable to get it done. And. It has been And. It has been. It is light years different than when I first started. But. You'd see this for getting close to breeze. I don't want to use. Oh no. What is that? You want to know. Hello. What account is that even on. I don't even know what email address that is
And. It has been. It is light years different than when I first started. But. You'd see this for getting close to breeze. I don't want to use. Oh no. What is that? You want to know. Hello. What account is that even on. I don't even know what email address that is I mean, it's definitely videos like this is yes. This is totally me trying to make videos. But it doesn't tell me what email address it is because my actual like YouTube account. Not this one that you just shared is like. It has like no subscribers. Huh. What. I was going to go into an existing
I mean, it's definitely videos like this is yes. This is totally me trying to make videos. But it doesn't tell me what email address it is because my actual like YouTube account. Not this one that you just shared is like. It has like no subscribers. Huh. What. I was going to go into an existing What is. I'm not going to. So weird. I like Ryan. I totally. Don't know. I don't know. Okay. Whatever. Sorry. Getting hardcore distracted of whatever this random YouTube. I've had at one point. Um. Yes. Almost four months ago. And. I was a dev oral consultant for
What is. I'm not going to. So weird. I like Ryan. I totally. Don't know. I don't know. Okay. Whatever. Sorry. Getting hardcore distracted of whatever this random YouTube. I've had at one point. Um. Yes. Almost four months ago. And. I was a dev oral consultant for Three of those four months and one of the biggest things that I needed to work on was the tech side of things. And I'm like, I can talk to anybody. I got this. And I love learning. But I did not have the text. So. This little fun. I say little. But this fun project is like literally
Three of those four months and one of the biggest things that I needed to work on was the tech side of things. And I'm like, I can talk to anybody. I got this. And I love learning. But I did not have the text. So. This little fun. I say little. But this fun project is like literally When did this be considered full stack because it's front end backend. And. With the database and an API integration. That we consider full stack. Sweet. What. I'm going to. I'm going to. Oh. It looks like. They are going to. Be going live soon. So because I need to get better at my rates as well
When did this be considered full stack because it's front end backend. And. With the database and an API integration. That we consider full stack. Sweet. What. I'm going to. I'm going to. Oh. It looks like. They are going to. Be going live soon. So because I need to get better at my rates as well Let me. I'm going to. Go find his. Stream. So that way I can. Rade us over. Okay. Cool. I don't. I don't want all the. And. Do. Do. Do. Do. And I want this. For sure. I'm going to. Thank you all for joining. And just like all the encouragement. Yes, pseudo. I finally got it
Let me. I'm going to. Go find his. Stream. So that way I can. Rade us over. Okay. Cool. I don't. I don't want all the. And. Do. Do. Do. Do. And I want this. For sure. I'm going to. Thank you all for joining. And just like all the encouragement. Yes, pseudo. I finally got it I finally got it. But I still can't figure out. Freaking. Oh, yes, to save my life. But. All right. I am jumping over there. So I will see you guys soon. Bye.
I finally got it. But I still can't figure out. Freaking. Oh, yes, to save my life. But. All right. I am jumping over there. So I will see you guys soon. Bye.