What a beautiful humans. I am going to be working on my project, my project that I keep talking about and would be so rad if I got done today. So I will be streaming on again off again today. I still wake it up for the day. It's 9.30 in the morning, but hey, you know, it is definitely I got a lot of work in front of me and I realized that. So I also did find like a streaming or streaming a countdown. A timer on the YouTube's that I'm going to be using. So that way I a remember take breaks. I walk away for a bit
I got a lot of work in front of me and I realized that. So I also did find like a streaming or streaming a countdown. A timer on the YouTube's that I'm going to be using. So that way I a remember take breaks. I walk away for a bit It's definitely something that I need to do for myself with getting through today. So yeah, I will be on again off again. And I need to make sure that I'm sharing sound. Don't remember if I did. Oh, that might work. Why am I so blind trying to get this going this tab? That's not it
It's definitely something that I need to do for myself with getting through today. So yeah, I will be on again off again. And I need to make sure that I'm sharing sound. Don't remember if I did. Oh, that might work. Why am I so blind trying to get this going this tab? That's not it That's that's no one I'm wanting. So let me. I don't know. Y'all can hear the music in the background through my mic. I guess. Just want to go in with. Because I'm being at this to be going. And you get started. And I don't want to focus on this as much. So if you guys can hear it, great
That's that's no one I'm wanting. So let me. I don't know. Y'all can hear the music in the background through my mic. I guess. Just want to go in with. Because I'm being at this to be going. And you get started. And I don't want to focus on this as much. So if you guys can hear it, great If not, well. So well. No. Okay. So I'm going to exit out of this. But apologies for the extra y'all this morning. You know what? Well, I can't. I heard my foot this week. And I was like, Oh, I'll stand and work. Oh, wait. I can't. I should actually have my foot out
If not, well. So well. No. Okay. So I'm going to exit out of this. But apologies for the extra y'all this morning. You know what? Well, I can't. I heard my foot this week. And I was like, Oh, I'll stand and work. Oh, wait. I can't. I should actually have my foot out You guys hear me in the background. This is me trying to figure out how what I'm supposed to do with my foot with this cool late brace on. And not always. I said it. That is okay. So do do do do. I need to show y'all my my new game plan. Because it has changed once again
You guys hear me in the background. This is me trying to figure out how what I'm supposed to do with my foot with this cool late brace on. And not always. I said it. That is okay. So do do do do. I need to show y'all my my new game plan. Because it has changed once again So last few days, I have been. Streaming at least a little bit to get this project done. So what I want to show you is. What is it saying in here twice? I don't know. Whatever. Me or your weird. So every week I do this. Like auto tacking part. And I'm really tired of doing it
So last few days, I have been. Streaming at least a little bit to get this project done. So what I want to show you is. What is it saying in here twice? I don't know. Whatever. Me or your weird. So every week I do this. Like auto tacking part. And I'm really tired of doing it Something that I talked about from the very beginning of starting these Twitter spaces is that it would be really cool. If it just auto tags people that want to be tagged. And then I just want to say that all I had to do was enter the Twitter string
Something that I talked about from the very beginning of starting these Twitter spaces is that it would be really cool. If it just auto tags people that want to be tagged. And then I just want to say that all I had to do was enter the Twitter string And like what I want that first week to say and then enter the Twitter handle. And then voila, which there are probably products that do this. I get that. I do. I'm not going to learn how to do all of this stuff. Unless it's something that I really want. That is the best way that I learn at least
And like what I want that first week to say and then enter the Twitter handle. And then voila, which there are probably products that do this. I get that. I do. I'm not going to learn how to do all of this stuff. Unless it's something that I really want. That is the best way that I learn at least So I am making this. And what I've learned so far is. No react app. That is that is old. I put an old one. Okay. The old one is here. Okay. So we are now just to start with Prisma. And I am completely restarting this project today. So really don't know. Like that's me
So I am making this. And what I've learned so far is. No react app. That is that is old. I put an old one. Okay. The old one is here. Okay. So we are now just to start with Prisma. And I am completely restarting this project today. So really don't know. Like that's me Like that's me. So I don't know what it's doing. Whatever. So we will start with Prisma. Yay. I think we're going to find this out. I can use this to also do the front end and the back end like where people enter stuff. But you know, we'll find out. Normally how it goes. I do. What you
Like that's me. So I don't know what it's doing. Whatever. So we will start with Prisma. Yay. I think we're going to find this out. I can use this to also do the front end and the back end like where people enter stuff. But you know, we'll find out. Normally how it goes. I do. What you I do. What you. It's totally bad to do something. Oh, this is also what I was going to post is I. I actually posted my first stack overflow question. A little nerve wracking, but nobody's actually replied on stack overflow. But luckily I have at least last time I checked
I do. What you. It's totally bad to do something. Oh, this is also what I was going to post is I. I actually posted my first stack overflow question. A little nerve wracking, but nobody's actually replied on stack overflow. But luckily I have at least last time I checked But luckily there's been enough kind of people that have replied for me. Like from different communities that I'm a part of. So let me share that as well. I'll get a couple links to share of my journey throughout this. So let me get that set up and we. Yeah, you guys can see my devil research
But luckily there's been enough kind of people that have replied for me. Like from different communities that I'm a part of. So let me share that as well. I'll get a couple links to share of my journey throughout this. So let me get that set up and we. Yeah, you guys can see my devil research It's been a journey. It's definitely been a journey. Okay. Okay. So and good morning again. I guess I could just put it on my face because I'm doing a little bit offline just because I want to get this like set up
It's been a journey. It's definitely been a journey. Okay. Okay. So and good morning again. I guess I could just put it on my face because I'm doing a little bit offline just because I want to get this like set up I also want to make sure that I don't stream anything that I'm not supposed to because well, you know, public at all. And then. Okay. So I am completely creating a new repo because I just want to start from scratch and actually following the directions on the prison, prismas website
I also want to make sure that I don't stream anything that I'm not supposed to because well, you know, public at all. And then. Okay. So I am completely creating a new repo because I just want to start from scratch and actually following the directions on the prison, prismas website So I will be doing that also closing on my tabs right now because I'm going to actually do that before we got started today. Because for myself, I don't know about anybody else, but for myself, a lot of it is just showing up
So I will be doing that also closing on my tabs right now because I'm going to actually do that before we got started today. Because for myself, I don't know about anybody else, but for myself, a lot of it is just showing up And so I don't know we show up the most prepared and that's why because showing up for me sometimes can be the hardest part. And I'm like, you know what? I'm just, I'm just going to show up. It's going to be great. We're just going to show up and figure it all out. Okay
And so I don't know we show up the most prepared and that's why because showing up for me sometimes can be the hardest part. And I'm like, you know what? I'm just, I'm just going to show up. It's going to be great. We're just going to show up and figure it all out. Okay Okay. And I do want to ask what are all of you up to today because. I'm going to say stream it on. It's free. Yay. Oh my god. That's just a fun name. Hi. What are you up to today? Anything fun? Again, I'm like, who streams on a Saturday? Okay. A lot of people probably do stream on a Saturday
Okay. And I do want to ask what are all of you up to today because. I'm going to say stream it on. It's free. Yay. Oh my god. That's just a fun name. Hi. What are you up to today? Anything fun? Again, I'm like, who streams on a Saturday? Okay. A lot of people probably do stream on a Saturday And I'm just being judgmental because I feel like a weirdo streaming today because it's not in my like normal way of doing things. You hacked your high school computers. I don't know if that's something that I should be impressed by. I'm going to do it like. I'm an adult
And I'm just being judgmental because I feel like a weirdo streaming today because it's not in my like normal way of doing things. You hacked your high school computers. I don't know if that's something that I should be impressed by. I'm going to do it like. I'm an adult I'm an adult. And I feel like that shouldn't be cool, but that is actually kind of cool. But don't do bad things kids, because I don't want to be held responsible. But cool. What did you do with it? Like, did you just do it to do it to try to show them that it's like easy to do or why? Oh, okay
I'm an adult. And I feel like that shouldn't be cool, but that is actually kind of cool. But don't do bad things kids, because I don't want to be held responsible. But cool. What did you do with it? Like, did you just do it to do it to try to show them that it's like easy to do or why? Oh, okay Well, be careful with the knowledge. Knowledge is power. Yes, but like don't get yourself suspended or something. That's what I want to do. That's what I want to do. And it's everybody else up to you. It's really working on this like links for today
Well, be careful with the knowledge. Knowledge is power. Yes, but like don't get yourself suspended or something. That's what I want to do. That's what I want to do. And it's everybody else up to you. It's really working on this like links for today And the goal, because I will post this from time to time. There we go. So that's at least done. So if you guys are wondering what I'm doing and want to know the visualization, very go. And then I will get started with Prisma. Let me get this form the other screen. I'm going to do a few things
And the goal, because I will post this from time to time. There we go. So that's at least done. So if you guys are wondering what I'm doing and want to know the visualization, very go. And then I will get started with Prisma. Let me get this form the other screen. I'm going to do a few things And I just want to say I don't know how often anybody else does this like if you do a stream or you're planning on coding on today. But I have like snacks and drinks. So I have my coffee handy dandy coffee. I have
And I just want to say I don't know how often anybody else does this like if you do a stream or you're planning on coding on today. But I have like snacks and drinks. So I have my coffee handy dandy coffee. I have I have. I have my sparkly water because I feel really bougie for liking this stuff, but I blame travel because this sparkly water is a lot more popular in other countries. I absolutely love it. And then I have for no bars
I have. I have my sparkly water because I feel really bougie for liking this stuff, but I blame travel because this sparkly water is a lot more popular in other countries. I absolutely love it. And then I have for no bars And I've been eating at that iPhone keeping in the fridge because I wanted to last on her. I'm not eating them as fast. So maybe taking food breaks too. Who knows. All right. So. Good. Good. Yeah. You guys don't get to see my chance. I got to move those to the other screen
And I've been eating at that iPhone keeping in the fridge because I wanted to last on her. I'm not eating them as fast. So maybe taking food breaks too. Who knows. All right. So. Good. Good. Yeah. You guys don't get to see my chance. I got to move those to the other screen Make sure you know, if anybody hits me up with this. Yay. Perfect. All that's against starting. So. We're going to go to quick start. And you all just as a heads up. I will. Yes. I know I'm not supposed to be showing any of my database stuff for these exercises
Make sure you know, if anybody hits me up with this. Yay. Perfect. All that's against starting. So. We're going to go to quick start. And you all just as a heads up. I will. Yes. I know I'm not supposed to be showing any of my database stuff for these exercises I will be because I just wanted to work first. And then I'll be changing it later on once I actually have a working app. So thank you for everyone's concern there. I just want to know. Yeah. No need to be like super super concerned. I do know that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
I will be because I just wanted to work first. And then I'll be changing it later on once I actually have a working app. So thank you for everyone's concern there. I just want to know. Yeah. No need to be like super super concerned. I do know that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So. I need to make sure that I told the people that have helped me on this project so far that they helped me. Okay. I've never. Well, okay. So I started using TypeScript. I will be going a bit more with the training with Josh Goldberg learning type script
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So. I need to make sure that I told the people that have helped me on this project so far that they helped me. Okay. I've never. Well, okay. So I started using TypeScript. I will be going a bit more with the training with Josh Goldberg learning type script Actually, let me. Grab that information. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Good. I think this is a hard part about streaming is like. Staying focused to do something, but that's a big reason I like doing this stuff while streaming is it makes me go. Oh, yeah. Okay. I got a. Yeah. So let's get Josh's. Yeah. Yeah
Actually, let me. Grab that information. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Good. I think this is a hard part about streaming is like. Staying focused to do something, but that's a big reason I like doing this stuff while streaming is it makes me go. Oh, yeah. Okay. I got a. Yeah. So let's get Josh's. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Occasionally, I will be yelling at my doggo because she is. A trouble maker. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What are you doing? Oh, good. Good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And this is. Oh, just kidding
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Occasionally, I will be yelling at my doggo because she is. A trouble maker. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What are you doing? Oh, good. Good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And this is. Oh, just kidding Oh, just kidding. I haven't put it into a playlist yet. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. As this is going to be a biweekly occurrence with having Josh on the show. So let me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Also, I thought I was sharing my screen. But clearly I wasn't. That's cool. Yeah. Yeah
Oh, just kidding. I haven't put it into a playlist yet. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. As this is going to be a biweekly occurrence with having Josh on the show. So let me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Also, I thought I was sharing my screen. But clearly I wasn't. That's cool. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. All the random time that I was doing stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So I'm going to do start with Prisma from scratch. I feel like I probably want JavaScript because I haven't done type script very much. And we're going to be using my sequel. And we're going to be using it
Yeah. Yeah. All the random time that I was doing stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So I'm going to do start with Prisma from scratch. I feel like I probably want JavaScript because I haven't done type script very much. And we're going to be using my sequel. And we're going to be using it We're also going to see if we can get. In the right order of GitHub. For setting them up, I literally have keep struggling with it. And I don't think I've actually taken notes on like the proper way to start a new repo. So you know what? Let's just. Let's just do it that way
We're also going to see if we can get. In the right order of GitHub. For setting them up, I literally have keep struggling with it. And I don't think I've actually taken notes on like the proper way to start a new repo. So you know what? Let's just. Let's just do it that way Not try to complicate stuff. So you want to get. And we are going to start a new one. Starting a new one because I want to keep the old repose as a learning process. So we will call this one. And we will use. Use. Funny. Scratch. And we will use. Do you want to read me file? You want to get ignore
Not try to complicate stuff. So you want to get. And we are going to start a new one. Starting a new one because I want to keep the old repose as a learning process. So we will call this one. And we will use. Use. Funny. Scratch. And we will use. Do you want to read me file? You want to get ignore But I don't think you want to template. This part of get really confused on. I probably get that on a clarification. I know I want MIT. You want some space. I really want you to list the объ foлад. And create some space for me in my own pockets. something that I like realize I struggle with
But I don't think you want to template. This part of get really confused on. I probably get that on a clarification. I know I want MIT. You want some space. I really want you to list the объ foлад. And create some space for me in my own pockets. something that I like realize I struggle with Also going very very lazy over here. Oh shit, it's not even in my desktop. I don't really feel like doing that right now to go search for it, but I also need to rename this. It's something that's not CEO. Who created content? I think that will help me. Okay, so let's do CED
Also going very very lazy over here. Oh shit, it's not even in my desktop. I don't really feel like doing that right now to go search for it, but I also need to rename this. It's something that's not CEO. Who created content? I think that will help me. Okay, so let's do CED Desktop, desktop, and then code. And now we will create the code. What law? I think it's in the right place now. So it should appear to create a tag. Okay, I want to run going. Okay
Desktop, desktop, and then code. And now we will create the code. What law? I think it's in the right place now. So it should appear to create a tag. Okay, I want to run going. Okay Okay. So I've been told that this is also where you have to do like a refresh or just close it and open it because it may not always read the what you've done. Oh, I just called me and paste it. Yay, you've written in there. What up, Jambo? Jambot. Wow, I can read
Okay. So I've been told that this is also where you have to do like a refresh or just close it and open it because it may not always read the what you've done. Oh, I just called me and paste it. Yay, you've written in there. What up, Jambo? Jambot. Wow, I can read Wow, I can read. I am working on a lovely creation of probably not the greatest stuff. But okay. It is, yeah, or the day is just getting started. So I am working on all that quick visual just because I'm also trying to explain it to people enough that they ask questions
Wow, I can read. I am working on a lovely creation of probably not the greatest stuff. But okay. It is, yeah, or the day is just getting started. So I am working on all that quick visual just because I'm also trying to explain it to people enough that they ask questions So if I'm not maybe thinking about it the right way or something, because there's a lot of other people that are very, very good at this stuff is I host a mental health Twitter space in tech every Wednesday. And I basically do the same thing
So if I'm not maybe thinking about it the right way or something, because there's a lot of other people that are very, very good at this stuff is I host a mental health Twitter space in tech every Wednesday. And I basically do the same thing Like people can DM me and stuff and say that they want to be tagged manually for the reminder. I'm like, y'all, I don't want to do this anymore. Like this is exhausting. I really want to create an app where they enter their Twitter handle. I enjoyed the Twitter space
Like people can DM me and stuff and say that they want to be tagged manually for the reminder. I'm like, y'all, I don't want to do this anymore. Like this is exhausting. I really want to create an app where they enter their Twitter handle. I enjoyed the Twitter space It combines in the database and auto does everything, which has had a few renditions of this project. It first started with a react and then didn't know that I had to do the like have something for the back end to go to my sequel. So those are the versions that didn't work
It combines in the database and auto does everything, which has had a few renditions of this project. It first started with a react and then didn't know that I had to do the like have something for the back end to go to my sequel. So those are the versions that didn't work The new updated version is to do it through Prisma from scratch and then connect it to my sequel and then look at the Twitter API. And yes, there are probably things that do this. Yet this is my journey of seeing if I can make it work
The new updated version is to do it through Prisma from scratch and then connect it to my sequel and then look at the Twitter API. And yes, there are probably things that do this. Yet this is my journey of seeing if I can make it work So that is the not the quickest way of explaining what I'm doing. But yes
So that is the not the quickest way of explaining what I'm doing. But yes And I'm also if anybody's curious why I'm using Ivan is I really want to like make an app with databases and then be able to like change out databases and see like how that works because apparently like if you change the databases and stuff on the back end it won't affect the front end at all
And I'm also if anybody's curious why I'm using Ivan is I really want to like make an app with databases and then be able to like change out databases and see like how that works because apparently like if you change the databases and stuff on the back end it won't affect the front end at all And I want to see if that helps. Oh, thanks. Yay. See that makes way more sense. Yeah. And for anyone else watching a bocky is like the cutest dog ever ever. Ever. Case anybody's curious ever
And I want to see if that helps. Oh, thanks. Yay. See that makes way more sense. Yeah. And for anyone else watching a bocky is like the cutest dog ever ever. Ever. Case anybody's curious ever And I got to say like this is the super fun thing of uh of streaming is you get to see all this and I am working on. Okay. So I got my directory. I'm going to skip this because I've already done this for Twitty Tag
And I got to say like this is the super fun thing of uh of streaming is you get to see all this and I am working on. Okay. So I got my directory. I'm going to skip this because I've already done this for Twitty Tag What are you up to this weekend? Anything fun? Are you back home? Are you still traveling? Oh. Are you doing any competitions soon? Yay. That's exciting. Um we're talking about road tripping maybe if we can like but I need to get a real job first. So all right. So I'm doing in JavaScript
What are you up to this weekend? Anything fun? Are you back home? Are you still traveling? Oh. Are you doing any competitions soon? Yay. That's exciting. Um we're talking about road tripping maybe if we can like but I need to get a real job first. So all right. So I'm doing in JavaScript I'm doing my sequel. Okay. Follow directions. I feel like y'all this is one of the hardest pieces is me following directions. Because I not because like I don't want to follow directions but I skip through
I'm doing my sequel. Okay. Follow directions. I feel like y'all this is one of the hardest pieces is me following directions. Because I not because like I don't want to follow directions but I skip through Um I have learned I'm like super dyslexic and it's something that a lot of people with dyslexia naturally do and um please take photos of training Bucky and probably Arizona and San Diego like take the dog and we're going to go hang out you know I just don't know what that's going to look like
Um I have learned I'm like super dyslexic and it's something that a lot of people with dyslexia naturally do and um please take photos of training Bucky and probably Arizona and San Diego like take the dog and we're going to go hang out you know I just don't know what that's going to look like So we will find out. Oh I was like what's funny. I mean I am funny but oh this is this is actually pretty funny. Um I have a playlist to send you
So we will find out. Oh I was like what's funny. I mean I am funny but oh this is this is actually pretty funny. Um I have a playlist to send you Well I'll share it with everyone I just need to create it but of back in the day when baby Jen first started trying to do this like learning live thing and was way too shy to be on the camera and figuring all of that out. It was pretty great. I know I can be sometimes I'm just all too serious. Yay
Well I'll share it with everyone I just need to create it but of back in the day when baby Jen first started trying to do this like learning live thing and was way too shy to be on the camera and figuring all of that out. It was pretty great. I know I can be sometimes I'm just all too serious. Yay Yay. Now you can invoke Prisma CLI and Pratyshire. I'm just realized I could hit this. All my notes, stuff to be it's old. so you Okay. I'm going to direct your email to you as soon as possible. Okay. Connect your database. I'm going to direct your email to you as soon as possible
Yay. Now you can invoke Prisma CLI and Pratyshire. I'm just realized I could hit this. All my notes, stuff to be it's old. so you Okay. I'm going to direct your email to you as soon as possible. Okay. Connect your database. I'm going to direct your email to you as soon as possible I'm going to direct your email to you as soon as possible. I'm going to direct your email to you as soon as possible. You're excited to see you have JavaScript homework today after class. Maybe you follow along. Yes. Yes. It's fine. It is a lot of fun
I'm going to direct your email to you as soon as possible. I'm going to direct your email to you as soon as possible. You're excited to see you have JavaScript homework today after class. Maybe you follow along. Yes. Yes. It's fine. It is a lot of fun It is a lot of fun. I'm going to direct your email to you as soon as possible. I'm going to direct your email to you as soon as possible. computers I haven't re-insolved. So I will do a thanks message. Just look at those bruises and y'all oh I guess I could put that here too
It is a lot of fun. I'm going to direct your email to you as soon as possible. I'm going to direct your email to you as soon as possible. computers I haven't re-insolved. So I will do a thanks message. Just look at those bruises and y'all oh I guess I could put that here too Because I don't, it's so much winter so it's totally public. But go on me in my luck. What? Whatever, whatever. Well then I can show this one on my really cool footer mist. Old please. So I'm little Damien knows us. Thank you. I'm totally loving because uh so Damien you see the stool right here
Because I don't, it's so much winter so it's totally public. But go on me in my luck. What? Whatever, whatever. Well then I can show this one on my really cool footer mist. Old please. So I'm little Damien knows us. Thank you. I'm totally loving because uh so Damien you see the stool right here I was standing on it trying to uh get something off of the top shelf and I fell and these are some lovely bruises and I have a really cool boot now. It's super rad but it's just kind of funny with all the uh ideas and stuff all the time throughout my entire life
I was standing on it trying to uh get something off of the top shelf and I fell and these are some lovely bruises and I have a really cool boot now. It's super rad but it's just kind of funny with all the uh ideas and stuff all the time throughout my entire life Why can't you not just if I can see this? I do not understand VS go. I'm worried. Oh I don't care if you follow me too. Like why? Like if you read tweet or something like really am I surprised? Um I did this on Wednesday and I got the boot yesterday because like uh I'm on Mac
Why can't you not just if I can see this? I do not understand VS go. I'm worried. Oh I don't care if you follow me too. Like why? Like if you read tweet or something like really am I surprised? Um I did this on Wednesday and I got the boot yesterday because like uh I'm on Mac For the the when it happens Wednesday the first two days weren't bad but yesterday I couldn't really walk very well and it was getting worse like the swelling was getting way worse. So I um went and went to the urgent care and they're like you need to get x-rays
For the the when it happens Wednesday the first two days weren't bad but yesterday I couldn't really walk very well and it was getting worse like the swelling was getting way worse. So I um went and went to the urgent care and they're like you need to get x-rays We're hoping that it is just you know nothing serious but it could be fractured or broken um which x-rays came back. Everything's clear
We're hoping that it is just you know nothing serious but it could be fractured or broken um which x-rays came back. Everything's clear Everything's clear. They're pretty sure if I just chill in the boot thing for a few weeks I'll be fine but they are concerned that I might have done something to the tendon but they're not going to say go get an MRI until I give it some time to get uncoofy. So yes I am on Mac
Everything's clear. They're pretty sure if I just chill in the boot thing for a few weeks I'll be fine but they are concerned that I might have done something to the tendon but they're not going to say go get an MRI until I give it some time to get uncoofy. So yes I am on Mac So yes I am on Mac. Okay so we need to do this and I don't do because that makes a lot of sense why I have to do that every time. Yay! Yeah. Yeah. That's why like I try to tell people it's not a like shocking thing like I posted it just because I found it really funny
So yes I am on Mac. Okay so we need to do this and I don't do because that makes a lot of sense why I have to do that every time. Yay! Yeah. Yeah. That's why like I try to tell people it's not a like shocking thing like I posted it just because I found it really funny Oh to live stream yeah 100% because if I don't live stream then I won't get my word done. Well it's I think it's a lot of like I get stuck on things or may not go on the right path so when people ask questions a lot of times it helps me connect the dogs to uh and doing this live
Oh to live stream yeah 100% because if I don't live stream then I won't get my word done. Well it's I think it's a lot of like I get stuck on things or may not go on the right path so when people ask questions a lot of times it helps me connect the dogs to uh and doing this live Let's see Thursday night I started this project and I spent like two hours on it yesterday I spent an hour on it today I'm just going to be streaming on again off again all day so it's like where when even people just stop and buy to say hi I'm like oh yeah okay cool like but you know me I like talking to people except yesterday my neighbors were outside and I hid from them because I don't want to talk to them when I need to get groceries off the counter
Let's see Thursday night I started this project and I spent like two hours on it yesterday I spent an hour on it today I'm just going to be streaming on again off again all day so it's like where when even people just stop and buy to say hi I'm like oh yeah okay cool like but you know me I like talking to people except yesterday my neighbors were outside and I hid from them because I don't want to talk to them when I need to get groceries off the counter I want to go this is yesterday and what is this? We need to uh and yes everyone I know that I'm putting all of this content public for my SQL database this is a learning thing not a um actually use thing yet once I do actually use it I will get things updated so can mean and change nice about EMP
I want to go this is yesterday and what is this? We need to uh and yes everyone I know that I'm putting all of this content public for my SQL database this is a learning thing not a um actually use thing yet once I do actually use it I will get things updated so can mean and change nice about EMP Eat. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom
Eat. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom
I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom
I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. Are you going to do me a nip yourself there? Are you going to keep doing live streams of Bucky? Are you still doing those? I would have that in the background while I'm doing this. Is a Bucky description
I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. Are you going to do me a nip yourself there? Are you going to keep doing live streams of Bucky? Are you still doing those? I would have that in the background while I'm doing this. Is a Bucky description I didn't enter a message to commit these. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom
I didn't enter a message to commit these. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. Okay,349 people? I'm going to go there too
I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. Okay,349 people? I'm going to go there too Did you learn about the Iowa Communitycomfort Representative? What if you just had a weekend off away? Or maybe the gym scotting that way? What if you just had a far enough away? Or is the heat just getting too many rooms? I didn't end up my commitment message and it's gonna freak out on me
Did you learn about the Iowa Communitycomfort Representative? What if you just had a weekend off away? Or maybe the gym scotting that way? What if you just had a far enough away? Or is the heat just getting too many rooms? I didn't end up my commitment message and it's gonna freak out on me Oh, yeah. That makes sense. Y'all, his dog is so cute. So cute. You don't time commit since I didn't do any comment because you're gonna get mad. Hi, bye, Damien. Thanks for saying hi. I might be here later. I. I did I forget. Okay, bye. I watch you
Oh, yeah. That makes sense. Y'all, his dog is so cute. So cute. You don't time commit since I didn't do any comment because you're gonna get mad. Hi, bye, Damien. Thanks for saying hi. I might be here later. I. I did I forget. Okay, bye. I watch you I watch you. I just want to say everybody like trying to go between different frameworks is frustrating. I don't know. We are using. I'm sure Beverage�� I'm gonna ask are you up your life. That's just cool. No, this is not it. I like this as good on it, but you know, okay
I watch you. I just want to say everybody like trying to go between different frameworks is frustrating. I don't know. We are using. I'm sure Beverage�� I'm gonna ask are you up your life. That's just cool. No, this is not it. I like this as good on it, but you know, okay I hope it's going to be coming after And for everyone that has just joined, let me get you, I am currently, and I'm not going to explain this every time because I feel like it's going to absolutely drive everyone insane. I am currently working on these things so you can go check it out
I hope it's going to be coming after And for everyone that has just joined, let me get you, I am currently, and I'm not going to explain this every time because I feel like it's going to absolutely drive everyone insane. I am currently working on these things so you can go check it out I am currently working on these things so you can go check it out. I am currently working on these things so you can go check it out. I am currently working on these things so you can go check it out. I am currently working on these things so you can go check it out
I am currently working on these things so you can go check it out. I am currently working on these things so you can go check it out. I am currently working on these things so you can go check it out. I am currently working on these things so you can go check it out I am currently working on these things so you can go check it out. I am currently working on these things so you can go check it out. I am currently working on these things so you can go check it out. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. All right. I have a feeling. Yeah. We only have five minutes left
I am currently working on these things so you can go check it out. I am currently working on these things so you can go check it out. I am currently working on these things so you can go check it out. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. All right. I have a feeling. Yeah. We only have five minutes left So I am going to go find a 20 minute timer. So that way y'all can just see that while I am 1G. I'm booting. I basically, if I'm going to do this all day, I need to, I need to make sure that I'm going to do okay. I'm going to pause this because I'm going to take break anyway
So I am going to go find a 20 minute timer. So that way y'all can just see that while I am 1G. I'm booting. I basically, if I'm going to do this all day, I need to, I need to make sure that I'm going to do okay. I'm going to pause this because I'm going to take break anyway I'm going to pause this because I'm going to take break anyway. Okay. With music. You know, this one looks pretty. Oh, you got an app first. It looks pretty, but it's like little kid music. So let's not do that. No, thank you. No, I don't want the little kid music. We got a fall one
I'm going to pause this because I'm going to take break anyway. Okay. With music. You know, this one looks pretty. Oh, you got an app first. It looks pretty, but it's like little kid music. So let's not do that. No, thank you. No, I don't want the little kid music. We got a fall one We got a fall one. I didn't dig it. I did it. Let's do that one. All right. Give this over here. Let's do some full screenness. I'm going to pause you to ease. And then need to do a banner or something. I'm going to do it. Okay. Okay. Oh, hey, it does work. Yay. All right. I'm going to do it
We got a fall one. I didn't dig it. I did it. Let's do that one. All right. Give this over here. Let's do some full screenness. I'm going to pause you to ease. And then need to do a banner or something. I'm going to do it. Okay. Okay. Oh, hey, it does work. Yay. All right. I'm going to do it I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Now I go. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm
I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Now I go. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm
Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm
Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm
Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. What up y'all? I feel like I really need to come up with some better music on that because it was putting me to sleep. So, uh, no go on that one. That's fine
Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. What up y'all? I feel like I really need to come up with some better music on that because it was putting me to sleep. So, uh, no go on that one. That's fine That's fine. It was good break music. I was really happy. I was really happy for my hour. I wasn't feeling it. So, I'm going to go find a new one to set for this hour. And then I need to set up my fan. I was like, well, crawl around with my foot. It was great. And work on my office
That's fine. It was good break music. I was really happy. I was really happy for my hour. I wasn't feeling it. So, I'm going to go find a new one to set for this hour. And then I need to set up my fan. I was like, well, crawl around with my foot. It was great. And work on my office And I forgot that I needed this because it just went somewhere. But there's one with the rain. I feel like we should definitely use that one next time. Yeah. Yeah, deaf. Okay. So, two
And I forgot that I needed this because it just went somewhere. But there's one with the rain. I feel like we should definitely use that one next time. Yeah. Yeah, deaf. Okay. So, two Okay. So, two. Do you Work out down with low five music Because I need something that's like you know Chill But not like gonna put me to sleep
Okay. So, two. Do you Work out down with low five music Because I need something that's like you know Chill But not like gonna put me to sleep Let's see I Mean it's cool background on this like You're Like this looks really cool, but no no It's one looks cool This one's hip hop Yes, yes And turn down a little bit though All right, so we have our music this is exciting
Let's see I Mean it's cool background on this like You're Like this looks really cool, but no no It's one looks cool This one's hip hop Yes, yes And turn down a little bit though All right, so we have our music this is exciting This is exciting because I needed something a bit more upbeat Let me see these Close this one I'm gonna copy it first just in case anybody wanted it
This is exciting because I needed something a bit more upbeat Let me see these Close this one I'm gonna copy it first just in case anybody wanted it I'll have it Okay, let's close these Too much too much You're making names Molly It's curl there we go I would not show that but whatever Okay Does YouTube not do the pop out anymore because I thought they did But I honestly Theater mode now You call for you many of you Maybe it's the art of mom that I'm thinking of What am I clicking You Wish you would have good stuff You mean no, all right, whatever I am So with we should real estate whatever whatever I so I'm going to do that after I Set this up so For that one I will be You That's fine You guys get a full screen, but I don't that that that is pretty fun
I'll have it Okay, let's close these Too much too much You're making names Molly It's curl there we go I would not show that but whatever Okay Does YouTube not do the pop out anymore because I thought they did But I honestly Theater mode now You call for you many of you Maybe it's the art of mom that I'm thinking of What am I clicking You Wish you would have good stuff You mean no, all right, whatever I am So with we should real estate whatever whatever I so I'm going to do that after I Set this up so For that one I will be You That's fine You guys get a full screen, but I don't that that that is pretty fun All right, so we're doing this because I probably want to see more of this I'm gonna speak my Clim ultimate laptop cooling pad with big fan fancy RGB LED design I So If I have it the right direction Let's see how I set this up and if I can get it to work Because streaming and doing all this stuff my laptop
All right, so we're doing this because I probably want to see more of this I'm gonna speak my Clim ultimate laptop cooling pad with big fan fancy RGB LED design I So If I have it the right direction Let's see how I set this up and if I can get it to work Because streaming and doing all this stuff my laptop It's really really mad It is 2019 with the Intel chip. No, I do not have an M1 Maybe you from the next company I work for if I start streaming from that device either way
It's really really mad It is 2019 with the Intel chip. No, I do not have an M1 Maybe you from the next company I work for if I start streaming from that device either way I think this will be good to have All right I I'm getting there do any of you use Yeah, many players then pop out oh oh Let me just look up and I just got that one Let's stop screen Many player I don't have that I just have like expand But I think it's because I'm on a laptop instead of my like tablet or phone See you only this big again And yes YouTube is providing all of this music just to give you guys a heads up Yes Yes, let me make that bigger Did you so I kind of like this layout Like this would be easier for everybody see my screen while I'm doing stuff um So it just has expand it doesn't have pop out When happened you too about just want the pop out You Said it's setting no How to play off Are you on crop in chrome and are you on your mobile device Oh, and hey, I'm not on break anymore
I think this will be good to have All right I I'm getting there do any of you use Yeah, many players then pop out oh oh Let me just look up and I just got that one Let's stop screen Many player I don't have that I just have like expand But I think it's because I'm on a laptop instead of my like tablet or phone See you only this big again And yes YouTube is providing all of this music just to give you guys a heads up Yes Yes, let me make that bigger Did you so I kind of like this layout Like this would be easier for everybody see my screen while I'm doing stuff um So it just has expand it doesn't have pop out When happened you too about just want the pop out You Said it's setting no How to play off Are you on crop in chrome and are you on your mobile device Oh, and hey, I'm not on break anymore So I need to take that banner down Ah, here we go What up Nate Okay, it is there when you hover over the video now I got info oh Oh There's more You know what I don't want to I don't have the concentration for it. It'll just go like that
So I need to take that banner down Ah, here we go What up Nate Okay, it is there when you hover over the video now I got info oh Oh There's more You know what I don't want to I don't have the concentration for it. It'll just go like that That's fine All right Uh back to the the fan for now because I think it's cool Um, oh it has like a little stand Oh y'all I can tilt like I'll let you tilt your laptop Yeah, yeah, I just got a laptop cooling pad I'm taking a break from coding And while I took a break from coding and then I found my uh cooling fan while during my break because I took Was clean So we will see if I can power this I don't even know if I have enough ports Might have to oh you can change light mode color mode It's gonna have lights y'all Not gonna Why Big reason I got this specific one is because it lit up All right while for a moment I don't know where the camera's gonna go so you know, I'm just gonna look at my screen for a moment Ding ding ding Oh, even has like a button oh that's fine Um, oh my god Oh my god, don't die
That's fine All right Uh back to the the fan for now because I think it's cool Um, oh it has like a little stand Oh y'all I can tilt like I'll let you tilt your laptop Yeah, yeah, I just got a laptop cooling pad I'm taking a break from coding And while I took a break from coding and then I found my uh cooling fan while during my break because I took Was clean So we will see if I can power this I don't even know if I have enough ports Might have to oh you can change light mode color mode It's gonna have lights y'all Not gonna Why Big reason I got this specific one is because it lit up All right while for a moment I don't know where the camera's gonna go so you know, I'm just gonna look at my screen for a moment Ding ding ding Oh, even has like a button oh that's fine Um, oh my god Oh my god, don't die Please don't die Yeah, it's supposed to be this way, okay? Okay I will say this probably would have been better to do like you know before I was streaming But you just found it and I'm not gonna hand some of it through now Because Why that is why All right, do I have a USB port on this one
Please don't die Yeah, it's supposed to be this way, okay? Okay I will say this probably would have been better to do like you know before I was streaming But you just found it and I'm not gonna hand some of it through now Because Why that is why All right, do I have a USB port on this one I do All right and oh, it's so pretty All right, let's uh I don't know how that's Oh Well that's new um Here we all Okay, so yes, it totally changed the camera angle, but Let's see I'm looking at camera
I do All right and oh, it's so pretty All right, let's uh I don't know how that's Oh Well that's new um Here we all Okay, so yes, it totally changed the camera angle, but Let's see I'm looking at camera I'm trying to do it. Okay, first off Everyone Please observe the dog the trash cans the way Please observe the dog she is my coworker She is uh Way cooler than I am Yes, I'm talking about you Oh, is it a cute little stretch? This is Keona
I'm trying to do it. Okay, first off Everyone Please observe the dog the trash cans the way Please observe the dog she is my coworker She is uh Way cooler than I am Yes, I'm talking about you Oh, is it a cute little stretch? This is Keona Guess anybody wants to know Uh, but Wait, wait, wait, there we go It's a little cool setup yay And it's the light up Okay, it's probably way too exciting but For me that's okay Well And it only took me like 10 minutes to set up Uh actually you are super close
Guess anybody wants to know Uh, but Wait, wait, wait, there we go It's a little cool setup yay And it's the light up Okay, it's probably way too exciting but For me that's okay Well And it only took me like 10 minutes to set up Uh actually you are super close It's with an E Yeah, so me can you guys hear me? Okay, though like I changed the location of my mic a little bit and I've been meaning to ask I totally forgot Oh Well, what are you guys up to this lovely saturday
It's with an E Yeah, so me can you guys hear me? Okay, though like I changed the location of my mic a little bit and I've been meaning to ask I totally forgot Oh Well, what are you guys up to this lovely saturday Hello, that just makes it well, thank you for stepping on the trash on your way out Oh Make this small Yes And it's as small as you can know You I'm trying to mute it so you guys don't hear me like yelling across the house um You What are you doing
Hello, that just makes it well, thank you for stepping on the trash on your way out Oh Make this small Yes And it's as small as you can know You I'm trying to mute it so you guys don't hear me like yelling across the house um You What are you doing I feel like okay, so for video editing um Like it's I feel like it's not that bad like I just kind of go I don't know I disassociate and like that's some other person So um, that makes it easier for me because I've have to add it so much Well, I should be editing more Yeah, it makes it a lot easier so when I when I fuck up like it doesn't like you know get to me and then also I'm not as critical on like my own self image Because I'm like if it was someone else I wouldn't be caring about xyz It's because of my own insecurities so it makes it a little easier that way
I feel like okay, so for video editing um Like it's I feel like it's not that bad like I just kind of go I don't know I disassociate and like that's some other person So um, that makes it easier for me because I've have to add it so much Well, I should be editing more Yeah, it makes it a lot easier so when I when I fuck up like it doesn't like you know get to me and then also I'm not as critical on like my own self image Because I'm like if it was someone else I wouldn't be caring about xyz It's because of my own insecurities so it makes it a little easier that way I don't know But I need to figure out this database should I Ah, yeah And I would say like the cool thing is is like the hardcuts are like what's in right now So you don't have to do really weird transitions which I think makes it easy especially if you like People won't notice if you punch it in and then like go out also makes it a lot easier if Um What are you doing
I don't know But I need to figure out this database should I Ah, yeah And I would say like the cool thing is is like the hardcuts are like what's in right now So you don't have to do really weird transitions which I think makes it easy especially if you like People won't notice if you punch it in and then like go out also makes it a lot easier if Um What are you doing I don't understand why you haven't done that yet
I don't understand why you haven't done that yet So we're gonna exit safe Yeah, it's definitely time consuming. It is so time consuming
So we're gonna exit safe Yeah, it's definitely time consuming. It is so time consuming Nate was just saying it's super time consuming So is But I mean it's definitely worth it in my opinion All right Have you decided I need to actually put a message I think You What are you editing in You can actually upload it Yeah Yes Did it did it What's the first one The ffm p ed Oh Hmm um I'm mostly just use final cut and discreet I just nah Oh Oh Okay, I got it got it I mean premier shouldn't have an issue with that Because when I was um In turning as a videographer Uh, I would do it with final cut or a doby like I had to go between the two of them and Adobe can handle like you know 4k videos pretty easily And I it really at least in my experience it really does matter where like what your hardware is though So and what up all you new beautiful humans I um I have a lot that I'm working with so and let me is show you You Wrong wrong place that I was totally about to put this You know what while we're here I should just really update my read me So Um, do y'all know
Nate was just saying it's super time consuming So is But I mean it's definitely worth it in my opinion All right Have you decided I need to actually put a message I think You What are you editing in You can actually upload it Yeah Yes Did it did it What's the first one The ffm p ed Oh Hmm um I'm mostly just use final cut and discreet I just nah Oh Oh Okay, I got it got it I mean premier shouldn't have an issue with that Because when I was um In turning as a videographer Uh, I would do it with final cut or a doby like I had to go between the two of them and Adobe can handle like you know 4k videos pretty easily And I it really at least in my experience it really does matter where like what your hardware is though So and what up all you new beautiful humans I um I have a lot that I'm working with so and let me is show you You Wrong wrong place that I was totally about to put this You know what while we're here I should just really update my read me So Um, do y'all know Can you embed aning in Mark down? I was trying to look while I was playing D&D and that just wasn't working
Can you embed aning in Mark down? I was trying to look while I was playing D&D and that just wasn't working I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not
I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not
I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not
I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not
I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to play D&D or not Just walk around a little more, a little more. Just walk around a little more. Just walk around a little more. Just walk around a little bit more. Little bit more. I just walked around a little bit more. I wanted video containers with me. I'm not inventory the eel toized
Just walk around a little more, a little more. Just walk around a little more. Just walk around a little more. Just walk around a little bit more. Little bit more. I just walked around a little bit more. I wanted video containers with me. I'm not inventory the eel toized I wanted to embed the mirror board. Just like people ask me any questions, I just feel like I've been on repeat and I'm going to miss something because I'm saying it so much. I can share this and get in bedcode. Well, it's not an image though. Like if you..
I wanted to embed the mirror board. Just like people ask me any questions, I just feel like I've been on repeat and I'm going to miss something because I'm saying it so much. I can share this and get in bedcode. Well, it's not an image though. Like if you.. Like if you... It's like an image, but it should let you scroll around in it and expand it. And I mean, I could do it as an image, but I figured as I'm changing this, it could be cool for people to be able to..
Like if you... It's like an image, but it should let you scroll around in it and expand it. And I mean, I could do it as an image, but I figured as I'm changing this, it could be cool for people to be able to.... And I'm totally open for suggestions on this one because this is not what I want to spend my entire day doing. I just know that it's going to be for it to get it done. Oh, wait. One of their videos. Don't want a video. I think my dog is back. You are back. Okay. I heard her chewing on her bone
.. And I'm totally open for suggestions on this one because this is not what I want to spend my entire day doing. I just know that it's going to be for it to get it done. Oh, wait. One of their videos. Don't want a video. I think my dog is back. You are back. Okay. I heard her chewing on her bone Maybe see if you throw it in there and hit preview see if it works. I was doing that a bit last night, but I was sipping wine and D&D. So straight up, not 100% sure if it worked or not. I thought the eye frame that it gives us. And then in preview, it just does eye frame. It was. It was
Maybe see if you throw it in there and hit preview see if it works. I was doing that a bit last night, but I was sipping wine and D&D. So straight up, not 100% sure if it worked or not. I thought the eye frame that it gives us. And then in preview, it just does eye frame. It was. It was It was. It was. It really is. A really good Friday night. It's so fun. Um. I'm going to leave it there. It's just going to stay there. Whatever. I could do it this way. We don't need this to look up. I'm going to leave it there. I'm going to leave it there. I'm going to leave it there
It was. It was. It really is. A really good Friday night. It's so fun. Um. I'm going to leave it there. It's just going to stay there. Whatever. I could do it this way. We don't need this to look up. I'm going to leave it there. I'm going to leave it there. I'm going to leave it there I'm going to leave it there. I'm going to leave it there. What's for me? We're going to commit. Sweet. So now I can just share this. Yes, but you guys are at the beginning of your FB programme. I didn't get it myself to one glass of wine. Then definitely. learned this from my team. I got them
I'm going to leave it there. I'm going to leave it there. What's for me? We're going to commit. Sweet. So now I can just share this. Yes, but you guys are at the beginning of your FB programme. I didn't get it myself to one glass of wine. Then definitely. learned this from my team. I got them I got them. And then I forgot to pour myself some. Make sure those are going to float on me. I check it. You can have a little bit. Yay, some kombucha. Okay. Do do do do do do do. I know I got two of them
I got them. And then I forgot to pour myself some. Make sure those are going to float on me. I check it. You can have a little bit. Yay, some kombucha. Okay. Do do do do do do do. I know I got two of them Nate, did I like explain enough to you or did I just like get distracted with trying to get my read me updated? Because I do this. What I'm trying to do is I'm going to get on the visual project just because it makes it a lot easier to see
Nate, did I like explain enough to you or did I just like get distracted with trying to get my read me updated? Because I do this. What I'm trying to do is I'm going to get on the visual project just because it makes it a lot easier to see And is originally I was going to do a react app to my sequel and then I realized it is not going to work that way. So I figured out between going to react to Prisma, then my sequel that reacts prisma is not going to work
And is originally I was going to do a react app to my sequel and then I realized it is not going to work that way. So I figured out between going to react to Prisma, then my sequel that reacts prisma is not going to work So I started with Prisma, restart the project today and I'm currently importing my sequel. Yeah. You in the middle. All right. All right. I can't wait. I'm going to start with my bookmark bar. Is that a some precious real estate
So I started with Prisma, restart the project today and I'm currently importing my sequel. Yeah. You in the middle. All right. All right. I can't wait. I'm going to start with my bookmark bar. Is that a some precious real estate And honestly, like I've worked with databases, but it's been existing databases. I'm not going to be able to do that. I said anybody is curious. I feel a little silly that I'm stuck on this. But. Yeah. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that
And honestly, like I've worked with databases, but it's been existing databases. I'm not going to be able to do that. I said anybody is curious. I feel a little silly that I'm stuck on this. But. Yeah. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that
I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that Because wouldn't this be where I put in like the Twitter handle and the Twitter space link. Would be. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I think the other part that I'm a little confused on is. I think that's what I'm really having a hard time doing is
Because wouldn't this be where I put in like the Twitter handle and the Twitter space link. Would be. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I think the other part that I'm a little confused on is. I think that's what I'm really having a hard time doing is I think that's what I'm really having a hard time doing is like. Just picturing it. Okay. So different objects. So I only need two objects then. They're Twitter handle and the Twitter space. Yeah. Because the output all have the same output every time. Like I can put default text as the output
I think that's what I'm really having a hard time doing is like. Just picturing it. Okay. So different objects. So I only need two objects then. They're Twitter handle and the Twitter space. Yeah. Because the output all have the same output every time. Like I can put default text as the output I think I need only two objects, not three. Not yet. I think that's what I'm struggling with. So why don't I go make that? I'm not going to use all the names that I have right now. Like I want to. Yeah. We're going to make a new folder. We're going to call this. That's the name I came up with and
I think I need only two objects, not three. Not yet. I think that's what I'm struggling with. So why don't I go make that? I'm not going to use all the names that I have right now. Like I want to. Yeah. We're going to make a new folder. We're going to call this. That's the name I came up with and We file. We need a Google sheets, which will let me export it this way. Ooh. What are you in camel casing? Oh, but will let me do a. I'm not going to use it. Right. But is it. I guess there is going to want to go here is for the visualization of it
We file. We need a Google sheets, which will let me export it this way. Ooh. What are you in camel casing? Oh, but will let me do a. I'm not going to use it. Right. But is it. I guess there is going to want to go here is for the visualization of it Because they don't think the visualization will show up in a note stop. I can export it and put it in there. But I can use this for the visualization. Or I could put it on the mirror board, right? Like I would at least give it all in once a lot
Because they don't think the visualization will show up in a note stop. I can export it and put it in there. But I can use this for the visualization. Or I could put it on the mirror board, right? Like I would at least give it all in once a lot And then put it in the notes dot to XT or something or in the read me. So I don't know where I'm logged in. But whatever. Because what I'm thinking for the database. So let me. There's a hyper doggy. What are you doing? Oh, my goodness. I'm not going to use it. Wait. Wait. Oh, yeah. And I think
And then put it in the notes dot to XT or something or in the read me. So I don't know where I'm logged in. But whatever. Because what I'm thinking for the database. So let me. There's a hyper doggy. What are you doing? Oh, my goodness. I'm not going to use it. Wait. Wait. Oh, yeah. And I think And I think. I'm going to use it. I'm going to use it. Please don't take down my backdrop. I think that's where I'm getting mixed up because all I would think is. I'm going to do it here as a table just so that way I can
And I think. I'm going to use it. I'm going to use it. Please don't take down my backdrop. I think that's where I'm getting mixed up because all I would think is. I'm going to do it here as a table just so that way I can Like get a visual on it because I think that's what I'm struggling with right now is the visual. I like that. So, uh, homey just said sometimes he finds it easier not to write code, but just solve the problem. And I think the problem you're working on is what pieces of data is
Like get a visual on it because I think that's what I'm struggling with right now is the visual. I like that. So, uh, homey just said sometimes he finds it easier not to write code, but just solve the problem. And I think the problem you're working on is what pieces of data is So first, uh, maybe just list out those pieces of data. Yes. And I'm going to do it like this because this is like how I picture a database. Or at least when I first like can't learn it. I would like to rename you. Maybe not. Because I think the other part is in the database, what I put the
So first, uh, maybe just list out those pieces of data. Yes. And I'm going to do it like this because this is like how I picture a database. Or at least when I first like can't learn it. I would like to rename you. Maybe not. Because I think the other part is in the database, what I put the What I wanted to export. I don't know what I'm going to do. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. But you export is better yet retrieved from the database will be fine and JavaScript free in the back end. And that being said, like I think the other part of stuff on is
What I wanted to export. I don't know what I'm going to do. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. But you export is better yet retrieved from the database will be fine and JavaScript free in the back end. And that being said, like I think the other part of stuff on is So I'm going to be entering like as something to enter is going to be the footer space link. Yet I'll also need to enter the like what text I want it to say. So like this one says, hello beautiful humans looking forward to hearing you today. I'm going to go to the next one
So I'm going to be entering like as something to enter is going to be the footer space link. Yet I'll also need to enter the like what text I want it to say. So like this one says, hello beautiful humans looking forward to hearing you today. I'm going to go to the next one If I have that as a default, I don't need it as part of the database. So would just be the text from those two messages. That makes sense. I'm going to make my footer. I'm going to go to the next week. Okay. Real quick, I'm going on my phone to make my footer space. I'm going to go to the next one
If I have that as a default, I don't need it as part of the database. So would just be the text from those two messages. That makes sense. I'm going to make my footer. I'm going to go to the next week. Okay. Real quick, I'm going on my phone to make my footer space. I'm going to go to the next one Pretty spin. Sometimes it's easier to do this. Yeah, even now I'm like, you know, like easy for that. Okay. Okay. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. So I think, actually, um, y'all, I'm going to also just see what this link tweets by itself. I'm going to go to the next one
Pretty spin. Sometimes it's easier to do this. Yeah, even now I'm like, you know, like easy for that. Okay. Okay. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. So I think, actually, um, y'all, I'm going to also just see what this link tweets by itself. I'm going to go to the next one I'm going to go to the next one. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. This is what I want it to look like. I want to look at this. I want to look at this. I want to. Okay. I'll be Twitter
I'm going to go to the next one. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. This is what I want it to look like. I want to look at this. I want to look at this. I want to. Okay. I'll be Twitter I'll be Twitter. I want to look at this. This is the name. It would be. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay
I'll be Twitter. I want to look at this. This is the name. It would be. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. What it would retrieve except tweet two would be a default but tweet one would be. Okay. It would be a default plus retrieving two things from the database
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. What it would retrieve except tweet two would be a default but tweet one would be. Okay. It would be a default plus retrieving two things from the database So that's why I'm wondering what I just have three parts of the database because it's the Twitter handles the Twitter space link and the Twitter space name. So that's what I'm going to do. But then we're going to be different objects. Oh, what happened? I'm going to take a break
So that's why I'm wondering what I just have three parts of the database because it's the Twitter handles the Twitter space link and the Twitter space name. So that's what I'm going to do. But then we're going to be different objects. Oh, what happened? I'm going to take a break I'm going to take a break. Okay. I'm going to take a break. Okay. That's why I wanted to get started earlier today. So that way I can try to work through all this. Okay. What's this one with ambience and I don't know about that. Let's find a different one. Okay. Okay. It's just a color. Okay
I'm going to take a break. Okay. I'm going to take a break. Okay. That's why I wanted to get started earlier today. So that way I can try to work through all this. Okay. What's this one with ambience and I don't know about that. Let's find a different one. Okay. Okay. It's just a color. Okay Okay. Be playlist. Okay. Oh, well, I guess this works because you know what? I'll be back. Okay. And there's that and uh lunch break. See you in the timer. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye
Okay. Be playlist. Okay. Oh, well, I guess this works because you know what? I'll be back. Okay. And there's that and uh lunch break. See you in the timer. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye
Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. I'm loving this countdown stuff. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this
Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. I'm loving this countdown stuff. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this
I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this
I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this
I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. I'm loving this Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked
Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked
Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked? Why are these locked I'm commenting all of this out just so that way I can
I'm commenting all of this out just so that way I can I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I think it's just a string. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them
I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I think it's just a string. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them
I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them I'm going to delete these really quick. I'm going to replace one of them. I think this is where I'm confused that we each model must have at least one required fields. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them
I'm going to delete these really quick. I'm going to replace one of them. I think this is where I'm confused that we each model must have at least one required fields. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them I'm going to replace one of them. I was picking up what you were putting down. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I think it's going to be a Twitter handle. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them
I'm going to replace one of them. I was picking up what you were putting down. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I think it's going to be a Twitter handle. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I think that's the other confusing part. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them
I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I think that's the other confusing part. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them
I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them
I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them
I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them
I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them
I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them
I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. Let me see
I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. Let me see Let me see. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them
Let me see. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them. I'm going to replace one of them I'm going to replace one of them. I thought I updated it in that file, the e and v file. Let's try to read a little more and see what that air says. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom
I'm going to replace one of them. I thought I updated it in that file, the e and v file. Let's try to read a little more and see what that air says. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom
I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom
I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom
I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom
I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom
I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom
I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom
I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom
I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom
I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom
I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom
I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom.
I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom. I can see the bottom.