Hello, hello beautiful humans. Welcome to another episode of Teach Gen Tech learning with Laura. Is that like learning with Laura Teach Gen Tech? I'm going back to our Monday Monday is a weekly mini oh we call it mini series. There was a book years ago called Tuesdays with Mory Oh we could we could oh yeah so back story for y'all tuning in thank you for joining us
Oh we could we could oh yeah so back story for y'all tuning in thank you for joining us Gen and I were just talking of air about how this series has sort of well first of all it wasn't going to be a series the first day that we did this right it was going to be an episode and then it was like oh well we could just keep going with this and then oh actually we could do it every week instead of every other week and so it just keeps in beginning
Gen and I were just talking of air about how this series has sort of well first of all it wasn't going to be a series the first day that we did this right it was going to be an episode and then it was like oh well we could just keep going with this and then oh actually we could do it every week instead of every other week and so it just keeps in beginning And we don't only talk about Python right if we talk about learning theory and we talk about we've done we've done some get stuff and we've done some command line stuff and we've done just some like background see as kind of kind of topics and neuro diversity type topics and all kinds of stuff right and so we're talking about how like it's not strictly Python that we're talking about and trying to figure out like how does that
And we don't only talk about Python right if we talk about learning theory and we talk about we've done we've done some get stuff and we've done some command line stuff and we've done just some like background see as kind of kind of topics and neuro diversity type topics and all kinds of stuff right and so we're talking about how like it's not strictly Python that we're talking about and trying to figure out like how does that What is naming how does naming work with all this like Python's like the overall like
What is naming how does naming work with all this like Python's like the overall like Like how we came together and common thread yeah it's the common thread it's like the that that like it has to do with everything but we're not always talking about Python and I personally like learning with Laura because we do talk about
Like how we came together and common thread yeah it's the common thread it's like the that that like it has to do with everything but we're not always talking about Python and I personally like learning with Laura because we do talk about We're not always talking about the way to learn as well because that is something I really struggled with and also a big reason that I
We're not always talking about the way to learn as well because that is something I really struggled with and also a big reason that I As we changed the topic and it's just it's yes and hi homie what up it's I agree this is like I just enjoyed my days because i'm not dreading the stream like it's not like I ever dread them but i'm like it's comfortable yep and i'm like I know i'll push myself to learn but it's also like it feels more like you're co host instead of just a guest
As we changed the topic and it's just it's yes and hi homie what up it's I agree this is like I just enjoyed my days because i'm not dreading the stream like it's not like I ever dread them but i'm like it's comfortable yep and i'm like I know i'll push myself to learn but it's also like it feels more like you're co host instead of just a guest So that's kind of yeah where I land on. Yeah sounds good to me. So for everyone hanging out with us today I we're we're going to get to Enki because last week I promised I did say I would do it I totally didn't do it
So that's kind of yeah where I land on. Yeah sounds good to me. So for everyone hanging out with us today I we're we're going to get to Enki because last week I promised I did say I would do it I totally didn't do it I would set up my Enki account and get like an Enki is like flashcards to learn how to do things
I would set up my Enki account and get like an Enki is like flashcards to learn how to do things This is a lot of where we talk about learning theory and how to learn and these are habits and structures that I never set up in my life I never knew and I think this does have a lot to do with like neuro diversities and learning
This is a lot of where we talk about learning theory and how to learn and these are habits and structures that I never set up in my life I never knew and I think this does have a lot to do with like neuro diversities and learning I'm learning how to learn for myself and Laura is like a master at this so that's why I like learning. But then I also worked on a like last week Tuesday I got a stomach bug then when say. I I fell I fell off of a chair it's totally my own fault
I'm learning how to learn for myself and Laura is like a master at this so that's why I like learning. But then I also worked on a like last week Tuesday I got a stomach bug then when say. I I fell I fell off of a chair it's totally my own fault It was very I laugh because people that have known me for years know that this is just what happens in my life like I am so clumsy where I didn't realize that when I posted on Twitter about it and everyone's like oh my god Jen are you okay and I'm like yeah this is very like this is just my luck
It was very I laugh because people that have known me for years know that this is just what happens in my life like I am so clumsy where I didn't realize that when I posted on Twitter about it and everyone's like oh my god Jen are you okay and I'm like yeah this is very like this is just my luck This is what happens so I'm fine I'm just hanging around at you know with a boot on and then I really wanted to get this project made. I'm calling it Tweety Tag and it's where I am working on getting
This is what happens so I'm fine I'm just hanging around at you know with a boot on and then I really wanted to get this project made. I'm calling it Tweety Tag and it's where I am working on getting It set up to on Wednesdays I host a neuro diversity and tech Twitter space and again the cool thing about like learning live and doing things all mine is when people want to be a part of it you can I just get to move with it you kind of you evolve it evolve it you evolve and so I didn't realize that everyone
It set up to on Wednesdays I host a neuro diversity and tech Twitter space and again the cool thing about like learning live and doing things all mine is when people want to be a part of it you can I just get to move with it you kind of you evolve it evolve it you evolve and so I didn't realize that everyone I said like at the very beginning I was like oh DM me if you want me to tag you in the reminder so you show up on Wednesdays and well
I said like at the very beginning I was like oh DM me if you want me to tag you in the reminder so you show up on Wednesdays and well I had no idea what the undertaking would be if we fast forward like three months afterwards so I'm going to work on explaining it to Laura and seeing and showing her where I'm stuck just in general I think it'd be kind of cool to explain and then we're going to get into Enki
I had no idea what the undertaking would be if we fast forward like three months afterwards so I'm going to work on explaining it to Laura and seeing and showing her where I'm stuck just in general I think it'd be kind of cool to explain and then we're going to get into Enki Yeah that's am I missing anything. I don't think so sweet sweet and I hope everyone is having a lovely Monday and start of your week
Yeah that's am I missing anything. I don't think so sweet sweet and I hope everyone is having a lovely Monday and start of your week I don't know where every what time it is in the world because I don't I feel like Mondays are just like known to be dreaded and I'm like did I actually really like Mondays but I think a lot of that has to do with war
I don't know where every what time it is in the world because I don't I feel like Mondays are just like known to be dreaded and I'm like did I actually really like Mondays but I think a lot of that has to do with war You guys are killing me I'm going to actually like cry on screen sometime it's going to be real. It might happen it might happen but that's it's welcome to be real and is it grat can can grat can grat can I think that's how you said hello how do you that you're here
You guys are killing me I'm going to actually like cry on screen sometime it's going to be real. It might happen it might happen but that's it's welcome to be real and is it grat can can grat can grat can I think that's how you said hello how do you that you're here And we are going to do this I'm going to open the project and we're I started using my VS code more to update to get up but I created my repo in our as we go. Nice. There is progress but it is. Pop. Go. We need to tag. And then good space
And we are going to do this I'm going to open the project and we're I started using my VS code more to update to get up but I created my repo in our as we go. Nice. There is progress but it is. Pop. Go. We need to tag. And then good space Stupid VS code that part's not working again but I mean no why it stopped working. That's okay. I do. Why? Actually this is how this is how we met isn't it. Oh yeah it is. This is a decision and we can fix it. Okay. Okay maybe let me show you all of this and then. Okay. And then. Fix it
Stupid VS code that part's not working again but I mean no why it stopped working. That's okay. I do. Why? Actually this is how this is how we met isn't it. Oh yeah it is. This is a decision and we can fix it. Okay. Okay maybe let me show you all of this and then. Okay. And then. Fix it And then. Fix it. Because I feel like if we throw that in I'm like wait. I'm normally very adaptable but for some reason that's just like screwing in my head right now. And that is the cool thing with and y'all just something I want I really do want to call out is
And then. Fix it. Because I feel like if we throw that in I'm like wait. I'm normally very adaptable but for some reason that's just like screwing in my head right now. And that is the cool thing with and y'all just something I want I really do want to call out is It's like a long time since I was just working on the app and I'm like, I'm doing. I'm going to be doing a lot of things in the process but being very open with it like. Honestly a lot of times later and I just get on this call and I'm like hey what do you think about doing this today
It's like a long time since I was just working on the app and I'm like, I'm doing. I'm going to be doing a lot of things in the process but being very open with it like. Honestly a lot of times later and I just get on this call and I'm like hey what do you think about doing this today And we are both I would say very very adaptable yet. Sometimes there is such a thing as like over-adaptive or like. Going too far where that's why I say okay hold on. say all that just to y'all you're not alone. This is all the weird things we do. And we are both on the ADHD train. Yes
And we are both I would say very very adaptable yet. Sometimes there is such a thing as like over-adaptive or like. Going too far where that's why I say okay hold on. say all that just to y'all you're not alone. This is all the weird things we do. And we are both on the ADHD train. Yes Yes. So that is a good call out. Good call. The rabbit holes have rabbit holes around here. Yes. Yes. Okay. So and I'm going to do this because homies here and it reminds me of always making sure that I pull the current one. And that caused mess last time too. Or through. All right
Yes. So that is a good call out. Good call. The rabbit holes have rabbit holes around here. Yes. Yes. Okay. So and I'm going to do this because homies here and it reminds me of always making sure that I pull the current one. And that caused mess last time too. Or through. All right All right. I'm going to show you my mirror board version first. Because so what I manually do every week is I post the Twitter space. I put this same thread tweet here. It says the same thing. And then I go through and tag everyone that wants to be tagged. And I forget people I lose people
All right. I'm going to show you my mirror board version first. Because so what I manually do every week is I post the Twitter space. I put this same thread tweet here. It says the same thing. And then I go through and tag everyone that wants to be tagged. And I forget people I lose people I also am like, dude, I forget to look at my DMs half the time. So my bad like so my goal is if somebody enters their Twitter handle. And I enter this Twitter space information. I want it to combine it. And then auto post all of this for me. Which in theory, I thought would be really cool
I also am like, dude, I forget to look at my DMs half the time. So my bad like so my goal is if somebody enters their Twitter handle. And I enter this Twitter space information. I want it to combine it. And then auto post all of this for me. Which in theory, I thought would be really cool It's a lot more complicated than I imagined, which is cool because so far we have prisma, which I'm going to look this up because I didn't know what prisma was before this. And it makes it so it. I found out that I needed a backend and a front end tool to be able to make this happen
It's a lot more complicated than I imagined, which is cool because so far we have prisma, which I'm going to look this up because I didn't know what prisma was before this. And it makes it so it. I found out that I needed a backend and a front end tool to be able to make this happen Front end to be able to like gain the content, make it look pretty. And then a back end to be able to put it into the database and then eventually connect to the Twitter API. Eventually. So there might be more in there, but I'm still learning. So what we did
Front end to be able to like gain the content, make it look pretty. And then a back end to be able to put it into the database and then eventually connect to the Twitter API. Eventually. So there might be more in there, but I'm still learning. So what we did So what we did. Or what I did is it created this prisma. Like database client to be able to read a database. And I created this database with Ivan, which does manage databases
So what we did. Or what I did is it created this prisma. Like database client to be able to read a database. And I created this database with Ivan, which does manage databases So my whole after all this is done is to see how that works on Ivan because it's supposed to make it that you can just switch. Your back it like your databases without causing like a connection for the front end people. Okay. So hopefully the Twitter API. I can get that to work
So my whole after all this is done is to see how that works on Ivan because it's supposed to make it that you can just switch. Your back it like your databases without causing like a connection for the front end people. Okay. So hopefully the Twitter API. I can get that to work I was thinking I would do the test the autopost and then do the front end. And I realized that's not how my brain works. So that happened. And then one part that I got really stuck on is I've worked in databases, but I've never built a database and building the models and things
I was thinking I would do the test the autopost and then do the front end. And I realized that's not how my brain works. So that happened. And then one part that I got really stuck on is I've worked in databases, but I've never built a database and building the models and things And that was really. Thank you, homey for coming on the stream for a little bit to help me through this because it was like easy for me to like start writing this out, but actually creating the models. So I'm now going to go to my project. If I look here, I'm going to do this
And that was really. Thank you, homey for coming on the stream for a little bit to help me through this because it was like easy for me to like start writing this out, but actually creating the models. So I'm now going to go to my project. If I look here, I'm going to do this At first when I created the Prisma, it created our. Prist. Scheme Prisma, which put in like our data source so that connected the database and the dot eV file. And then we created our models for our database. So I got it
At first when I created the Prisma, it created our. Prist. Scheme Prisma, which put in like our data source so that connected the database and the dot eV file. And then we created our models for our database. So I got it So I got it. And then I was like, Oh, what do I do now? And I need to have a we queried this. It was working great. Then I needed to make a front end because I was like, how am I going to test if people can actually put something in there? I didn't know yet. So it's like, I'll make a front end
So I got it. And then I was like, Oh, what do I do now? And I need to have a we queried this. It was working great. Then I needed to make a front end because I was like, how am I going to test if people can actually put something in there? I didn't know yet. So it's like, I'll make a front end And you did homey. You did. And then if we go into pages in index, it will ask for your Twitter handle. So let me do CD. No, no, right. No, no, no, just kidding. Is it LSCD to go back one? No. Okay. So this is remember last week we were talking about the dots
And you did homey. You did. And then if we go into pages in index, it will ask for your Twitter handle. So let me do CD. No, no, right. No, no, no, just kidding. Is it LSCD to go back one? No. Okay. So this is remember last week we were talking about the dots Oh, like the dot always means the same thing. Uh-huh. So dot means this directory that we're in right now. Dot dot is the directory that we are nested within. One directory from where we are. So that's the one directory that we're in right now. Okay. Like that's. Yes. Right
Oh, like the dot always means the same thing. Uh-huh. So dot means this directory that we're in right now. Dot dot is the directory that we are nested within. One directory from where we are. So that's the one directory that we're in right now. Okay. Like that's. Yes. Right Yes. Right. And it always means that dot always means where we are. And dot, dot always means one directory up from us. So if I do dot, dot, will it take me to the directory above CD? So train directory space dot, dot means we go up one directory. Boom. Okay. That was that was really exciting
Yes. Right. And it always means that dot always means where we are. And dot, dot always means one directory up from us. So if I do dot, dot, will it take me to the directory above CD? So train directory space dot, dot means we go up one directory. Boom. Okay. That was that was really exciting So I think I can go back. Thank you. Um, and then I need to do CD next forms app. And then it is. NPM run. Yes. Okay. I don't know why I had to like look that up so many times yesterday, but I cannot remember it. But I've been also over since Thursday about this project by itself
So I think I can go back. Thank you. Um, and then I need to do CD next forms app. And then it is. NPM run. Yes. Okay. I don't know why I had to like look that up so many times yesterday, but I cannot remember it. But I've been also over since Thursday about this project by itself I've streamed I think like 15 hours. So I've been very stuck. Look, it made the thing. And it was very exciting. But. If I do my name, the hits mitt, I've been got this to work. Is this your Twitter handle? Yes. Yeah. It's beautiful. And I can open a. New one. And we're in Tweety Tag. Perfect
I've streamed I think like 15 hours. So I've been very stuck. Look, it made the thing. And it was very exciting. But. If I do my name, the hits mitt, I've been got this to work. Is this your Twitter handle? Yes. Yeah. It's beautiful. And I can open a. New one. And we're in Tweety Tag. Perfect Perfect. And then I need to do node. I need to look up what the other one is. Uh, I put it in my notes. Node node node index JS. So if I do node index JS. Delete delete all your things. It gives me a bunch of error messages. Yes, I need forms. I need index
Perfect. And then I need to do node. I need to look up what the other one is. Uh, I put it in my notes. Node node node index JS. So if I do node index JS. Delete delete all your things. It gives me a bunch of error messages. Yes, I need forms. I need index I need index. And why am I in my get ignore? I don't know. And then I need. This index. And then go like this. Okay. So to query the database. If I'm an index dot JS. If I query Twitter handle. And I do my name. I can't do it like this. Not you, whatever. I can miss all my name
I need index. And why am I in my get ignore? I don't know. And then I need. This index. And then go like this. Okay. So to query the database. If I'm an index dot JS. If I query Twitter handle. And I do my name. I can't do it like this. Not you, whatever. I can miss all my name It doesn't really matter. And I save it. And I query it. Look, it pulls it. Okay. But. I can't get my. Next form app to go into the database. I don't know how to get the front end to talk to the back end. And this is where I'm stuck. But I just wanted to show you because I feel like
It doesn't really matter. And I save it. And I query it. Look, it pulls it. Okay. But. I can't get my. Next form app to go into the database. I don't know how to get the front end to talk to the back end. And this is where I'm stuck. But I just wanted to show you because I feel like I felt so cool doing all this. I was like, yeah, really excited and feel like. I'm a real coder. Like I'm a developer. And this is crazy. Uh huh. Yeah, yeah. This is super cool. I'm like, I'm trying to figure out what might be wrong. So I am not, I am not a web dev
I felt so cool doing all this. I was like, yeah, really excited and feel like. I'm a real coder. Like I'm a developer. And this is crazy. Uh huh. Yeah, yeah. This is super cool. I'm like, I'm trying to figure out what might be wrong. So I am not, I am not a web dev Right? So like, I definitely don't know off the top of my head. And there's like typescript and JavaScript and. Yeah. And API, it's, it's a hot mess. But it's getting there. It is getting there
Right? So like, I definitely don't know off the top of my head. And there's like typescript and JavaScript and. Yeah. And API, it's, it's a hot mess. But it's getting there. It is getting there But I was just really excited to show you that I actually a lot of it was starting to make sense based on things that we were. We've been talking about. And y'all I'm going to, yes, we are talking different languages
But I was just really excited to show you that I actually a lot of it was starting to make sense based on things that we were. We've been talking about. And y'all I'm going to, yes, we are talking different languages So first off, I want to say that Lauren and I have mainly been talking about Python. And everything I'm building is mostly with databases and JavaScript and TypeScript. This is just the way my brain works is I like to, why? Why not have? Okay, sorry
So first off, I want to say that Lauren and I have mainly been talking about Python. And everything I'm building is mostly with databases and JavaScript and TypeScript. This is just the way my brain works is I like to, why? Why not have? Okay, sorry What's the book we've been learning? Automate boring stuff. I'm reading the boring stuff.com. And for some reason, I cannot, I bookmark it. I don't know where I bookmarked it
What's the book we've been learning? Automate boring stuff. I'm reading the boring stuff.com. And for some reason, I cannot, I bookmark it. I don't know where I bookmarked it So as we're going through automate the boring stuff, it's teaching about like the way we, like the way coding works in general. Not just Python stuff
So as we're going through automate the boring stuff, it's teaching about like the way we, like the way coding works in general. Not just Python stuff And this is the really cool thing is working with Laura is been learning how like these different statements work together, how this all works because as we've been like testing it out or she lets me go off on like a total tangent and like, oh, let me go to like skip far ahead
And this is the really cool thing is working with Laura is been learning how like these different statements work together, how this all works because as we've been like testing it out or she lets me go off on like a total tangent and like, oh, let me go to like skip far ahead It's also taught me how to use VS code better and being able to understand like what a property is or being able to go in this as a function
It's also taught me how to use VS code better and being able to understand like what a property is or being able to go in this as a function Python will use very similar things like if you were to ask me right now, I'm going to totally space which does what, but it's in similar enough that the concepts are starting to think in that are making learning both oddly really a lot easier than if I feel like if I was stuck on one
Python will use very similar things like if you were to ask me right now, I'm going to totally space which does what, but it's in similar enough that the concepts are starting to think in that are making learning both oddly really a lot easier than if I feel like if I was stuck on one Because it's stuck on one that I can go figure out more on the other. Yes, it might be the ADHD in me. Yeah. It's, I mean, that's sort of, it's, I think of it as an advantage. That is true. Oh, it's time for dancing because it's progress. So I'm putting it on my dance
Because it's stuck on one that I can go figure out more on the other. Yes, it might be the ADHD in me. Yeah. It's, I mean, that's sort of, it's, I think of it as an advantage. That is true. Oh, it's time for dancing because it's progress. So I'm putting it on my dance Okay, just how to get that out. We got the dance done. Yeah. Yes, so I just want to say that y'all helped me and I learned a lot so far and yeah, yeah, because all programming languages have a lot of the basic concepts in common. Just like human languages have a lot of basic concepts in common
Okay, just how to get that out. We got the dance done. Yeah. Yes, so I just want to say that y'all helped me and I learned a lot so far and yeah, yeah, because all programming languages have a lot of the basic concepts in common. Just like human languages have a lot of basic concepts in common There are going to be verbs. They're going to be nouns and pronouns and how do you, how do you express these kinds of ideas and like the idea is the same and the like syntax is different and programming languages are exactly the same way
There are going to be verbs. They're going to be nouns and pronouns and how do you, how do you express these kinds of ideas and like the idea is the same and the like syntax is different and programming languages are exactly the same way So they are, they're all going to have like four loops and while loops and booleans and all of these and data types and how do they handle data types and print statements and all of that kind of stuff. And to VS code is going to say like, okay, you can hover over the or function name
So they are, they're all going to have like four loops and while loops and booleans and all of these and data types and how do they handle data types and print statements and all of that kind of stuff. And to VS code is going to say like, okay, you can hover over the or function name They're all going to have functions. So you can hover over your function name and see the declaration of this function. So you can see what the function expects you to give it and what it's going to give back to you should everything go correctly. Yeah, all that stuff stays the same
They're all going to have functions. So you can hover over your function name and see the declaration of this function. So you can see what the function expects you to give it and what it's going to give back to you should everything go correctly. Yeah, all that stuff stays the same And that's just like something that I wish more people realized because I had to say it. I think people get really stuck on the scaryness of learning in other language
And that's just like something that I wish more people realized because I had to say it. I think people get really stuck on the scaryness of learning in other language Because there it's like and I really feel it now where it's like once you start learning your first your second language it makes it easier for all the future languages. Exactly. Because you see the concepts are the same you just need to change the syntax
Because there it's like and I really feel it now where it's like once you start learning your first your second language it makes it easier for all the future languages. Exactly. Because you see the concepts are the same you just need to change the syntax And sometimes it helps you understand your first language better. Yes, and that happened a lot too. So yeah, that is definitely something that has taught me a lot. And I that is a big reason I really just want to show you all of it
And sometimes it helps you understand your first language better. Yes, and that happened a lot too. So yeah, that is definitely something that has taught me a lot. And I that is a big reason I really just want to show you all of it Because I'm like, I actually like even though this is all Python that you and I talk about it really helped all of this. And doubly why I was like, you know, can we like do the what is it called? Amkey
Because I'm like, I actually like even though this is all Python that you and I talk about it really helped all of this. And doubly why I was like, you know, can we like do the what is it called? Amkey If we can do the amkey stuff because I got stuck on it and I think it's also like I've never seen it. Like it's it's worked and I get it but I don't get it. It's like this weird until you start to do it you might not realize that you don't get it. Sure. Still on that note
If we can do the amkey stuff because I got stuck on it and I think it's also like I've never seen it. Like it's it's worked and I get it but I don't get it. It's like this weird until you start to do it you might not realize that you don't get it. Sure. Still on that note Still on that note. And let me reshare the screen. Oh wait, that's great. There we go. I can I can use stream yard. It'll work. I got it. Okay. And Amkey. And we downloaded it. Oh, I downloaded it. So I just need to go look for it. Amkey. Can we make you smaller? Thanks. Oh, yes. We will
Still on that note. And let me reshare the screen. Oh wait, that's great. There we go. I can I can use stream yard. It'll work. I got it. Okay. And Amkey. And we downloaded it. Oh, I downloaded it. So I just need to go look for it. Amkey. Can we make you smaller? Thanks. Oh, yes. We will Oh, yes. We will. I have to re-download it. Oh. Yeah, we'll go with the same one. So this is this is because it's not you're not downloading it from like the Microsoft App Store. So I mean, sometimes it can update itself and sometimes you have to download a new version
Oh, yes. We will. I have to re-download it. Oh. Yeah, we'll go with the same one. So this is this is because it's not you're not downloading it from like the Microsoft App Store. So I mean, sometimes it can update itself and sometimes you have to download a new version But yeah, and I don't think that you can get it from the App Store but I don't remember. I don't know if I've tried. I probably have not tried. All right. Thank you Ben. It's not too sweet. All right. So are you saying that I need to do it right now then? No. Okay, cool. Just that you can
But yeah, and I don't think that you can get it from the App Store but I don't remember. I don't know if I've tried. I probably have not tried. All right. Thank you Ben. It's not too sweet. All right. So are you saying that I need to do it right now then? No. Okay, cool. Just that you can Just that you can. All right. So if I remember correctly, decks are like if I want to do one on Python and then I want to do one on Twitter, like decks can be about totally different from that. Sure. Yep. Okay. I don't know. Maybe somebody would want to do it about Twitter. You never know
Just that you can. All right. So if I remember correctly, decks are like if I want to do one on Python and then I want to do one on Twitter, like decks can be about totally different from that. Sure. Yep. Okay. I don't know. Maybe somebody would want to do it about Twitter. You never know You never know. Yeah, I mean, I could see it. Twitter was a learning curve for me. It is a my joint. I love Twitter. I'm me too. And I will actually cry if we have to go because of fucking musk. Oh yeah. Right. I'm on-masted on and like that's fine
You never know. Yeah, I mean, I could see it. Twitter was a learning curve for me. It is a my joint. I love Twitter. I'm me too. And I will actually cry if we have to go because of fucking musk. Oh yeah. Right. I'm on-masted on and like that's fine But Twitter is like for all of it, people refer to it as like a Hellside and I totally understand why it is that for a lot of people. Yeah. Yeah. For me, it is my like safe, happy place. Agreed. Agreed. And I love Twitter
But Twitter is like for all of it, people refer to it as like a Hellside and I totally understand why it is that for a lot of people. Yeah. Yeah. For me, it is my like safe, happy place. Agreed. Agreed. And I love Twitter And I love Twitter. It's tech Twitter has been like such a good space that I've really grown into. It sounds weird, but like because of Twitter, and I'm going to go back to us because these are the random, this is a random shit we talk about and thank you everybody for going on this ride with us
And I love Twitter. It's tech Twitter has been like such a good space that I've really grown into. It sounds weird, but like because of Twitter, and I'm going to go back to us because these are the random, this is a random shit we talk about and thank you everybody for going on this ride with us We need like a special musical like sound for like here we are. We're just going to wax politic about 20 or a minute. Yeah, I mean, we can do what? Let's see. I can do a, we do have a little bit of music. Let's see. There we go. Turned down. So this is our Oh, to Twitter
We need like a special musical like sound for like here we are. We're just going to wax politic about 20 or a minute. Yeah, I mean, we can do what? Let's see. I can do a, we do have a little bit of music. Let's see. There we go. Turned down. So this is our Oh, to Twitter So like tech Twitter itself, I didn't realize it was a thing. But it's been like so I'm being seen having people that I never would have been able to talk to you. Like, you and I would not be connected if it wasn't for Twitter because I met Ramon on Twitter. And I would have my job is. Yeah
So like tech Twitter itself, I didn't realize it was a thing. But it's been like so I'm being seen having people that I never would have been able to talk to you. Like, you and I would not be connected if it wasn't for Twitter because I met Ramon on Twitter. And I would have my job is. Yeah Yeah. Ramon is one of my- So I wouldn't even know Twitter. Ramon either. Like, it's it's such a good space. Yes, there are some really big dumbed-ums there
Yeah. Ramon is one of my- So I wouldn't even know Twitter. Ramon either. Like, it's it's such a good space. Yes, there are some really big dumbed-ums there And it's really fun to block people and Twitter spaces have helped so much with my own learning experience, but also like finding like this community people of like-minded people that I don't know if I would have found because a lot of developers aren't on LinkedIn
And it's really fun to block people and Twitter spaces have helped so much with my own learning experience, but also like finding like this community people of like-minded people that I don't know if I would have found because a lot of developers aren't on LinkedIn They kind of like hang out on Reddit. Maybe stack overflow. But like not everyone is, but there's a lot more developers in tech community on Twitter than any other pop-up. Yep, I always tell people who are talking about like getting into how to get a tech job and so on
They kind of like hang out on Reddit. Maybe stack overflow. But like not everyone is, but there's a lot more developers in tech community on Twitter than any other pop-up. Yep, I always tell people who are talking about like getting into how to get a tech job and so on That like hot take, Twitter is way more valuable than LinkedIn. And they're always astonished. I'm like, no way. Like actually, you're like, I posted about that I'm looking for a dev-rel job and a lot of the places I'm interviewing are because of that post. Mm-hmm. Yeah
That like hot take, Twitter is way more valuable than LinkedIn. And they're always astonished. I'm like, no way. Like actually, you're like, I posted about that I'm looking for a dev-rel job and a lot of the places I'm interviewing are because of that post. Mm-hmm. Yeah Mm-hmm. Yeah. 100% and I think that I can't- Who they said the same time. Somebody else is looking at my project and they're like, what's wrong with that? It's fine. And I'm like, I can't get the front end in the back end to connect. It's not fine. Anyway, sorry. I can't. Yeah
Mm-hmm. Yeah. 100% and I think that I can't- Who they said the same time. Somebody else is looking at my project and they're like, what's wrong with that? It's fine. And I'm like, I can't get the front end in the back end to connect. It's not fine. Anyway, sorry. I can't. Yeah I can't. Yeah. Um, just a random other thing on Mac. If you put like do not disturb and stuff, it doesn't do it for discord, which I wish it did. Because it I can- It doesn't I can. Really? I still get notifications. You can change it in the focus settings
I can't. Yeah. Um, just a random other thing on Mac. If you put like do not disturb and stuff, it doesn't do it for discord, which I wish it did. Because it I can- It doesn't I can. Really? I still get notifications. You can change it in the focus settings You can say which apps it needs to apply to. Oh. That totally makes more sense because I'm like, discord will hardcore distract me. I'm like, why? Why? Okay. No, do you not allow notifications? Oh, this is- This is splendid. Wow. Like at least, um, think I got that figured out. I don't know
You can say which apps it needs to apply to. Oh. That totally makes more sense because I'm like, discord will hardcore distract me. I'm like, why? Why? Okay. No, do you not allow notifications? Oh, this is- This is splendid. Wow. Like at least, um, think I got that figured out. I don't know I don't know. It's fine. All right. Back to- Oh, we have so many more fun people that I didn't even see. And hack with coding. What up? Do you want to- Didn't we talk about this yesterday? Do you want to come and hang out with us on Twitch? Because you're the only one on YouTube
I don't know. It's fine. All right. Back to- Oh, we have so many more fun people that I didn't even see. And hack with coding. What up? Do you want to- Didn't we talk about this yesterday? Do you want to come and hang out with us on Twitch? Because you're the only one on YouTube Can you get Twitch where you're at? That's the other thing I always forget is I don't know where- Oh, you're watching from Kenya. So I don't know if Kenya- Anybody know? I think Kenya can do Twitch. I haven't heard that Twitch is blocked in Kenya. All right. Well, you got that posted
Can you get Twitch where you're at? That's the other thing I always forget is I don't know where- Oh, you're watching from Kenya. So I don't know if Kenya- Anybody know? I think Kenya can do Twitch. I haven't heard that Twitch is blocked in Kenya. All right. Well, you got that posted It posted to your channel too. Thank you. But uh, and then we got- Your Twitter's not- B1 mind is linked in the side. Your Twitter's not much better
It posted to your channel too. Thank you. But uh, and then we got- Your Twitter's not- B1 mind is linked in the side. Your Twitter's not much better Why is your Twitter not much better? What? What? Twitter- Like, you need more Twitter people's? Like, you know, I was on the on the topic of like people who are trying to get into tech. I actually have one of my my drop blog post drafts
Why is your Twitter not much better? What? What? Twitter- Like, you need more Twitter people's? Like, you know, I was on the on the topic of like people who are trying to get into tech. I actually have one of my my drop blog post drafts It's like how to use Twitter to get like embedded in in the tech industry and use it to find a job. And now I'm wondering whether it's going to be moot now because maybe Twitter is- We're all like we're going to have an exodus from Twitter. Super sad
It's like how to use Twitter to get like embedded in in the tech industry and use it to find a job. And now I'm wondering whether it's going to be moot now because maybe Twitter is- We're all like we're going to have an exodus from Twitter. Super sad Super sad. Um, but yeah, it's a total thing figuring out how to get connected to people on Twitter. Um, on that note, like, Do you- Let's talk about a little bit and this is my for my own understanding too. So basically, The the rocket guy wanted to you by Twitter and Twitter was like, nah, brah
Super sad. Um, but yeah, it's a total thing figuring out how to get connected to people on Twitter. Um, on that note, like, Do you- Let's talk about a little bit and this is my for my own understanding too. So basically, The the rocket guy wanted to you by Twitter and Twitter was like, nah, brah And so he's like, well, let me go buy my do my own thing and create a new thing. He's just going to take away from Twitter. Not really. Um, just keep going to buy Twitter itself and uh said like he he made a an offer. It was like 44 billion or something
And so he's like, well, let me go buy my do my own thing and create a new thing. He's just going to take away from Twitter. Not really. Um, just keep going to buy Twitter itself and uh said like he he made a an offer. It was like 44 billion or something This is like in April and it was greed that he was going to buy it. However, uh, lots of people speculated that he had no actual intention of buying Twitter at the time. He just wanted to like throw his weight around
This is like in April and it was greed that he was going to buy it. However, uh, lots of people speculated that he had no actual intention of buying Twitter at the time. He just wanted to like throw his weight around And so then he started talking about how there were too many bots on Twitter that like too many like if Twitter's value is in the number of accounts and this is a massive over some is simplification
And so then he started talking about how there were too many bots on Twitter that like too many like if Twitter's value is in the number of accounts and this is a massive over some is simplification But if like Twitter's value is in the number of accounts and this percentage of accounts is actually bots not real people then like it's overvalued by that percent say. And so he came up with like a much larger percentage of bot accounts than was real. And then he said, yeah, so never mind
But if like Twitter's value is in the number of accounts and this percentage of accounts is actually bots not real people then like it's overvalued by that percent say. And so he came up with like a much larger percentage of bot accounts than was real. And then he said, yeah, so never mind I don't want to buy Twitter because Twitter sucks. Uh, it's all bots. And then um, Twitter was like, no, you can't do that because you just made up that it's all bots
I don't want to buy Twitter because Twitter sucks. Uh, it's all bots. And then um, Twitter was like, no, you can't do that because you just made up that it's all bots And so we're going to sue you and say you have to buy us because you like entered into an agreement to buy us and the route that like premise upon which you left was false. So you still have to buy us. And he wasn't trying to not do it and trying to not do it but he wasn't going to succeed
And so we're going to sue you and say you have to buy us because you like entered into an agreement to buy us and the route that like premise upon which you left was false. So you still have to buy us. And he wasn't trying to not do it and trying to not do it but he wasn't going to succeed And so he got other people with more money than sense to help him do this. And now it appears that it's going to go through. Unless the government says, hey, actually, you're too cozy with Russia. And this is too big of a thing to like hand over to somebody who's cozy with Russia
And so he got other people with more money than sense to help him do this. And now it appears that it's going to go through. Unless the government says, hey, actually, you're too cozy with Russia. And this is too big of a thing to like hand over to somebody who's cozy with Russia So it's like a ganked public interest for you to buy Twitter. Like as a security problem. Well, which is goofy when you think about it. Like, but also it makes sense because modern life, right? So yeah
So it's like a ganked public interest for you to buy Twitter. Like as a security problem. Well, which is goofy when you think about it. Like, but also it makes sense because modern life, right? So yeah I mean, we could like, I almost feel like random shit and taught and learning with Laura of Mondays. Like, random stuff. But, uh, we're bringing this back a little bit too because I think this is, um, I don't want to skip over this one is for, for Dottas for, for notice
I mean, we could like, I almost feel like random shit and taught and learning with Laura of Mondays. Like, random stuff. But, uh, we're bringing this back a little bit too because I think this is, um, I don't want to skip over this one is for, for Dottas for, for notice I can't really stuck on trying to figure out people's names. Um, note that in Stack Overflow, there are people with so much knowledge and probably, and most probably the people on Twitter are searching on Stack Overflow first. Yeah. I think if people know how to search things
I can't really stuck on trying to figure out people's names. Um, note that in Stack Overflow, there are people with so much knowledge and probably, and most probably the people on Twitter are searching on Stack Overflow first. Yeah. I think if people know how to search things I think, I mean, it depends. Like, I think we were more talking about finding humans as opposed to answering specific questions
I think, I mean, it depends. Like, I think we were more talking about finding humans as opposed to answering specific questions So like, certainly if I have a question like, how do I do this get thing or how do I, you know, whatever? I search for it not necessarily on Stack Overflow itself, but I'll search for it in, you know, search engine
So like, certainly if I have a question like, how do I do this get thing or how do I, you know, whatever? I search for it not necessarily on Stack Overflow itself, but I'll search for it in, you know, search engine And then very often the websites, the website that I end up finding the answer on is Stack Overflow, for sure
And then very often the websites, the website that I end up finding the answer on is Stack Overflow, for sure Interesting because like, uh, granted, I've only started doing like this, this new project that's been very, very technical, but I actually created something on Stack Overflow and nobody replied. And I was like, I need this answer
Interesting because like, uh, granted, I've only started doing like this, this new project that's been very, very technical, but I actually created something on Stack Overflow and nobody replied. And I was like, I need this answer So I just started hitting up all my communities and Twitter and he's like, someone come help me. I've never asked a question on Stack Overflow. Oh, see that kind of like, deterred me from Stack Overflow because I couldn't find the answer and nobody's replied to me yet
So I just started hitting up all my communities and Twitter and he's like, someone come help me. I've never asked a question on Stack Overflow. Oh, see that kind of like, deterred me from Stack Overflow because I couldn't find the answer and nobody's replied to me yet But I feel like that's forms in general. That's like if you ask a question in the Facebook group, like, not everybody's going to see it. Right. So I do find that very interesting. But yes, I agree with both. I feel like Twitter, you can have more of a community, but that could just be you
But I feel like that's forms in general. That's like if you ask a question in the Facebook group, like, not everybody's going to see it. Right. So I do find that very interesting. But yes, I agree with both. I feel like Twitter, you can have more of a community, but that could just be you I can't get Stack Overflow and I to be friends. I mean, it's not really what Stack Overflow is for. That's true. It's for answering, answering very specific questions as opposed to like forming those human connections. I'm sure that human connections have been formed on Stack Overflow
I can't get Stack Overflow and I to be friends. I mean, it's not really what Stack Overflow is for. That's true. It's for answering, answering very specific questions as opposed to like forming those human connections. I'm sure that human connections have been formed on Stack Overflow But that's not it's like, purpose, that's not it's reason for living. Whereas that totally is the reason for living for it. What are? And news. Half the time I don't, I find out something because Twitter decided to notify me and I'm like, oh, hello, right. Hello
But that's not it's like, purpose, that's not it's reason for living. Whereas that totally is the reason for living for it. What are? And news. Half the time I don't, I find out something because Twitter decided to notify me and I'm like, oh, hello, right. Hello Hello. And also, where do you go? Where do you go? I, Ryan, I saw that you're here too. So hello. Oh, hi, hi, hello. Hi, low yet. Hello. Wow, I can't talk. It's just part of Monday. All right
Hello. And also, where do you go? Where do you go? I, Ryan, I saw that you're here too. So hello. Oh, hi, hi, hello. Hi, low yet. Hello. Wow, I can't talk. It's just part of Monday. All right All right. So I just have to say one more thing in praises, Twitter, which is that watching the pandemic unfold from the perspective of somebody who was active on Twitter in the tech community at the time was wild
All right. So I just have to say one more thing in praises, Twitter, which is that watching the pandemic unfold from the perspective of somebody who was active on Twitter in the tech community at the time was wild Because everything that was coming out through the news was like three or four weeks behind. And what was already known in a lot of like, like if you follow Dr
Because everything that was coming out through the news was like three or four weeks behind. And what was already known in a lot of like, like if you follow Dr Eric Feigel-Deng on Twitter, like he tweeted on like February 5th his like classic Holy Mother of God tweet where it was about what was going on with with COVID in China. And that was like right before it started getting, you know, everywhere else
Eric Feigel-Deng on Twitter, like he tweeted on like February 5th his like classic Holy Mother of God tweet where it was about what was going on with with COVID in China. And that was like right before it started getting, you know, everywhere else And so, and I wasn't following him yet then, but people that I knew were or not new, but like Twitter knew. Yeah. And so, I was talking about it with my parents and my parents, you know, were in their 70s at the time. And it most of the people who were dying at the time were old people
And so, and I wasn't following him yet then, but people that I knew were or not new, but like Twitter knew. Yeah. And so, I was talking about it with my parents and my parents, you know, were in their 70s at the time. And it most of the people who were dying at the time were old people And I remember telling my parents on like March 11th that like we are trying to adapt our lifestyles in order to save your asses. Yeah. And you are just like going about, you're going to target and you're doing the whatever
And I remember telling my parents on like March 11th that like we are trying to adapt our lifestyles in order to save your asses. Yeah. And you are just like going about, you're going to target and you're doing the whatever Because Twitter knew about this everything weeks and weeks before the CDC was saying anything. Yeah. And it was so it was really, really weird. And then it's like ended up being that way still now. We're like according to the CDC itself, like the pandemic is over. There's no problem here
Because Twitter knew about this everything weeks and weeks before the CDC was saying anything. Yeah. And it was so it was really, really weird. And then it's like ended up being that way still now. We're like according to the CDC itself, like the pandemic is over. There's no problem here Nothing to see. Move on. You know. And I do find that really interesting. I think also, so I'd enjoy Twitter until June. Like I had a Twitter account, but I didn't start posting until June. And it's gone. It's just wild, like the content and people you can learn from
Nothing to see. Move on. You know. And I do find that really interesting. I think also, so I'd enjoy Twitter until June. Like I had a Twitter account, but I didn't start posting until June. And it's gone. It's just wild, like the content and people you can learn from And conversations you could just have. I don't know. It's like my favorite part. And yep. I do feel like this ended up all about Twitter. But we're going to stop. No more music music music music. I can't talk. It's cool. Fine. It's fine. All right. So we're going to talk about Anki
And conversations you could just have. I don't know. It's like my favorite part. And yep. I do feel like this ended up all about Twitter. But we're going to stop. No more music music music music. I can't talk. It's cool. Fine. It's fine. All right. So we're going to talk about Anki And I'm going to leave this up over here just in case we need Anki for some, like any documentation or anything. About to break the rule that you just set out, like right away and say, I'm pretty sure that I discovered Anki on Twitter. What? Oh, did you? Oh, okay. You know what? With me a minute
And I'm going to leave this up over here just in case we need Anki for some, like any documentation or anything. About to break the rule that you just set out, like right away and say, I'm pretty sure that I discovered Anki on Twitter. What? Oh, did you? Oh, okay. You know what? With me a minute I was like, what rule? Oh. All right. I mean, that is pretty good. That is pretty good. I think that. Ryan, did it? Were you there last week on who? Who was it that said that they used Anki? Was it Ryan? Ryan, how did you find Anki? I think it was Ryan
I was like, what rule? Oh. All right. I mean, that is pretty good. That is pretty good. I think that. Ryan, did it? Were you there last week on who? Who was it that said that they used Anki? Was it Ryan? Ryan, how did you find Anki? I think it was Ryan Okay, we're going to delete this one because I didn't. All right. I have an Anki thing that does not let me make anything bigger. So please zoom in yourself. Oh, yeah. I think it's in settings in like the Anki settings. You can make it bigger. Yeah, preferences, sorry
Okay, we're going to delete this one because I didn't. All right. I have an Anki thing that does not let me make anything bigger. So please zoom in yourself. Oh, yeah. I think it's in settings in like the Anki settings. You can make it bigger. Yeah, preferences, sorry I always just hate how it says that. Do you felt, oh, yes. We're going to make it giant. I'm also blind. So close. Oh, restart. Okay. Quit. Start. No. Oh, it's so much bigger. Yay. Is that easier for everybody to read? Do I need to make it even bigger? It was good for me before
I always just hate how it says that. Do you felt, oh, yes. We're going to make it giant. I'm also blind. So close. Oh, restart. Okay. Quit. Start. No. Oh, it's so much bigger. Yay. Is that easier for everybody to read? Do I need to make it even bigger? It was good for me before It's I wouldn't need it to be any bigger, but I have a big screen. So fair enough. Fair enough. All right. For for Dota's got back to us about, of course, Stack Overflow will be the search first on search reflex, because Stack Overflow is community based on coding questions and answers
It's I wouldn't need it to be any bigger, but I have a big screen. So fair enough. Fair enough. All right. For for Dota's got back to us about, of course, Stack Overflow will be the search first on search reflex, because Stack Overflow is community based on coding questions and answers Twitter on the other hand is social networking. Also, there is code review. Stack extension. They do code reviews? Wait, what is stack all the knowledge, all the things? I mean, it's certainly the case that you see, at least I've seen people post code on Stack Exchange
Twitter on the other hand is social networking. Also, there is code review. Stack extension. They do code reviews? Wait, what is stack all the knowledge, all the things? I mean, it's certainly the case that you see, at least I've seen people post code on Stack Exchange And other people have critiqued it, said like, oh, hey, this is how you can improve this code, or you can make it more efficient. You can make it easeless memory, or whatever. Maybe there's an official code review on Stack Exchange. If there is, this is the first I've heard
And other people have critiqued it, said like, oh, hey, this is how you can improve this code, or you can make it more efficient. You can make it easeless memory, or whatever. Maybe there's an official code review on Stack Exchange. If there is, this is the first I've heard But does that mean that I end stack exchange? I could maybe like ask someone and be like, oh, look at my Git project and why can't I get the front end to talk to the back end? Please, and thank you. Very, yeah, for sure
But does that mean that I end stack exchange? I could maybe like ask someone and be like, oh, look at my Git project and why can't I get the front end to talk to the back end? Please, and thank you. Very, yeah, for sure Whether people answer, I don't, like that feels, I guess if I were going to ask a question, like if I had, if I, I, I have benefited from other people asking questions on Stack Overflow, and then getting answers to them. Yes
Whether people answer, I don't, like that feels, I guess if I were going to ask a question, like if I had, if I, I, I have benefited from other people asking questions on Stack Overflow, and then getting answers to them. Yes Yes. I feel like a faster way for me to get an answer to a specific question is to ask a smaller, more connected community
Yes. I feel like a faster way for me to get an answer to a specific question is to ask a smaller, more connected community Okay, and then to immediately, to immediately contradict myself, then the other, the other place that I would be more likely to ask a question is actually the free code camp forum, which is not a small community, but it is super active. Okay, that's just the biggest stuff I'm going to go
Okay, and then to immediately, to immediately contradict myself, then the other, the other place that I would be more likely to ask a question is actually the free code camp forum, which is not a small community, but it is super active. Okay, that's just the biggest stuff I'm going to go But I feel like these are things that we don't talk about, like, I know. But, on Discord, yeah, that's the other thing I was going to say is, like if I had a question that made, like I'm, we use something called DocuSaurus
But I feel like these are things that we don't talk about, like, I know. But, on Discord, yeah, that's the other thing I was going to say is, like if I had a question that made, like I'm, we use something called DocuSaurus Suborbital for serving our, real long serving, but, but, but, like, formatting our docs. And I am part of the DocuSaurus Discord, so that if I have DocuSaurus questions, I can ask on their Discord
Suborbital for serving our, real long serving, but, but, but, like, formatting our docs. And I am part of the DocuSaurus Discord, so that if I have DocuSaurus questions, I can ask on their Discord So if, if you're having a question about Ivan, if Ivan has a Discord community, I would totally be heading them up directly. Because I don't know if it's a Prisma, or I think it's a Prisma question. Okay, but... Community! There you go
So if, if you're having a question about Ivan, if Ivan has a Discord community, I would totally be heading them up directly. Because I don't know if it's a Prisma, or I think it's a Prisma question. Okay, but... Community! There you go Bam! Okay, so if you get the product, on a, wow, y'all I can't write product, slash, uh, lane, bridge, specific, see if they have a community! Discord. Slack. forum. If must, yeah. To ask. Mm-hmm. Um, then you said... Streetcode camp would be the next one
Bam! Okay, so if you get the product, on a, wow, y'all I can't write product, slash, uh, lane, bridge, specific, see if they have a community! Discord. Slack. forum. If must, yeah. To ask. Mm-hmm. Um, then you said... Streetcode camp would be the next one If I had had more of a general question, free code camp would absolutely be where I'd be going. All right
If I had had more of a general question, free code camp would absolutely be where I'd be going. All right All right. There was a time, and I know that, um, Stack Overflow has really tried to fix this, but there was a time when Stack Overflow, like asking a question on Stack Overflow, was like, yes, you would maybe get an answer, but people would be really horrible to you first. I've heard that
All right. There was a time, and I know that, um, Stack Overflow has really tried to fix this, but there was a time when Stack Overflow, like asking a question on Stack Overflow, was like, yes, you would maybe get an answer, but people would be really horrible to you first. I've heard that I've heard that. I've heard that. Yeah. Yeah, um, I'm trying to remember, I think it's Meg Rizdal, and you can find her on Twitter, sorry to break the rule again
I've heard that. I've heard that. Yeah. Yeah, um, I'm trying to remember, I think it's Meg Rizdal, and you can find her on Twitter, sorry to break the rule again Um, a uh, took over at, well, not not like CEO of, um, Stack Overflow, I don't think, but like she was an up and up and up, um, and that was one of her big foci was making Stack Overflow be a friendly place where you could ask questions instead of will answer your question, but will, you know, like, tie you to the whipping post first
Um, a uh, took over at, well, not not like CEO of, um, Stack Overflow, I don't think, but like she was an up and up and up, um, and that was one of her big foci was making Stack Overflow be a friendly place where you could ask questions instead of will answer your question, but will, you know, like, tie you to the whipping post first Why can I not make a differences? Uh, text size giant, because I am blind. I'm not, and honestly, I'm not just doing it for y'all, I'm doing it for myself too. Um, okay, let me catch up on comments really quick to see if y'all put anything else in here
Why can I not make a differences? Uh, text size giant, because I am blind. I'm not, and honestly, I'm not just doing it for y'all, I'm doing it for myself too. Um, okay, let me catch up on comments really quick to see if y'all put anything else in here I'm going to mention discord servers, and then, uh, yes, yes, 100% great grat can about like how some communities are negative. Um, okay, so Stack Overflow, uh, we'll say keep questions short, and may have what the turnaround time is. For getting questions answered on Stack Overflow. Yeah
I'm going to mention discord servers, and then, uh, yes, yes, 100% great grat can about like how some communities are negative. Um, okay, so Stack Overflow, uh, we'll say keep questions short, and may have what the turnaround time is. For getting questions answered on Stack Overflow. Yeah Yeah. I don't know. Okay, what is Stack Exchange then? What do you, like, I, and I'm doing these without the research just because I want to see what the community actually uses it as
Yeah. I don't know. Okay, what is Stack Exchange then? What do you, like, I, and I'm doing these without the research just because I want to see what the community actually uses it as So, um, you and I talked about like you can, I mean, I, not maybe like a proper code review by a, um, uh, like just a code efficiency. I don't know if that's the word I'm looking for
So, um, you and I talked about like you can, I mean, I, not maybe like a proper code review by a, um, uh, like just a code efficiency. I don't know if that's the word I'm looking for I'm going to throw a link in for, um, Meg's post about Stack Overflow just because I thought it was really interesting to hear, um, from someone on the inside who was really, really working on that problem. Um, um, sweet, Okay, let me put hers in here
I'm going to throw a link in for, um, Meg's post about Stack Overflow just because I thought it was really interesting to hear, um, from someone on the inside who was really, really working on that problem. Um, um, sweet, Okay, let me put hers in here Will you DM our private chat that to me too? Because that one went on your Twitch channel. Because we do stream to both y'all as a heads up. We stream to my Twitch channel and Laura's Twitch channel. Which y'all should definitely go follow Laura too. She needs. We all need the followers
Will you DM our private chat that to me too? Because that one went on your Twitch channel. Because we do stream to both y'all as a heads up. We stream to my Twitch channel and Laura's Twitch channel. Which y'all should definitely go follow Laura too. She needs. We all need the followers She's doing something y'all can still catch it. Um. We. And hers is go. Go. And. Shit. Oh, okay. So I'm just going to have to throw this in here. Um, all my, my user names on, on most places is some variation of, of go, go gadget from inspector gadget, of course
She's doing something y'all can still catch it. Um. We. And hers is go. Go. And. Shit. Oh, okay. So I'm just going to have to throw this in here. Um, all my, my user names on, on most places is some variation of, of go, go gadget from inspector gadget, of course And I don't know if everyone who does not have children knows that there's a reboot of inspector gadget on Netflix. And it's actually really good. They've changed some things, but they've changed some things in some ways that I approve of
And I don't know if everyone who does not have children knows that there's a reboot of inspector gadget on Netflix. And it's actually really good. They've changed some things, but they've changed some things in some ways that I approve of Um, and my, my five year old likes to watch Netflix with the. And they have some variation on where it like describes what's happening on the screen. And a few days ago, he was watching inspector gadget and listening to the narration and the narrator literally said meanwhile brains just vibing
Um, and my, my five year old likes to watch Netflix with the. And they have some variation on where it like describes what's happening on the screen. And a few days ago, he was watching inspector gadget and listening to the narration and the narrator literally said meanwhile brains just vibing Dead. That's so good. Brains just vibing. I mean, I feel like that's a real thing. Brains just vibing. All right. I dig it. I dig it. It was funny. Um, Okay, I got that one on there. Stack exchange. Oh. Keep question short
Dead. That's so good. Brains just vibing. I mean, I feel like that's a real thing. Brains just vibing. All right. I dig it. I dig it. It was funny. Um, Okay, I got that one on there. Stack exchange. Oh. Keep question short Am I impeding? It's not valid cause the logic would be something like ask your question. So you're going to be like, you're going to have to provide your code and ask what's working instead. Ah, I dig it. This is what I'm doing it all together. Like this is a group project
Am I impeding? It's not valid cause the logic would be something like ask your question. So you're going to be like, you're going to have to provide your code and ask what's working instead. Ah, I dig it. This is what I'm doing it all together. Like this is a group project I'll put these notes in the YouTube video. So you all will have it on the YouTube description. I do have some recommendations for how to ask good questions. I can actually say that people who want to learn about like how to ask questions need to read that post from from Meg Rizdal
I'll put these notes in the YouTube video. So you all will have it on the YouTube description. I do have some recommendations for how to ask good questions. I can actually say that people who want to learn about like how to ask questions need to read that post from from Meg Rizdal It's more just sort of interesting to hear about like thoughts behind Stack Overflow, but not specifically about like how to ask questions. Um, but, uh, yeah, so for asking questions, and this is this applies to asking questions in pretty much any context at all
It's more just sort of interesting to hear about like thoughts behind Stack Overflow, but not specifically about like how to ask questions. Um, but, uh, yeah, so for asking questions, and this is this applies to asking questions in pretty much any context at all Um, so this is something that I sort of learned when I was a grad student. If I were emailing a professor to say like I have a question about this, I would state what I was having the problem with. Like, okay, I'm working on problem five from, you know, homework two or whatever
Um, so this is something that I sort of learned when I was a grad student. If I were emailing a professor to say like I have a question about this, I would state what I was having the problem with. Like, okay, I'm working on problem five from, you know, homework two or whatever Um, I am, um, this is, this is why I'm confused or like the, the specific thing that's going wrong. Followed by, these are all of the things that I have tried to fix my problem. And for each of those, why that didn't work out
Um, I am, um, this is, this is why I'm confused or like the, the specific thing that's going wrong. Followed by, these are all of the things that I have tried to fix my problem. And for each of those, why that didn't work out Um, because people are very often inclined to just say, hey, I'm having trouble with this thing. Can you help me? And it's like, okay, sure. And then you tell me what the problem is. And then I say, okay, well, maybe I can help you. But what have you tried? Okay, well, I've tried this
Um, because people are very often inclined to just say, hey, I'm having trouble with this thing. Can you help me? And it's like, okay, sure. And then you tell me what the problem is. And then I say, okay, well, maybe I can help you. But what have you tried? Okay, well, I've tried this Okay, why didn't that work out? And there's like just so much back and forth. But if you provide all of that background to the person at the time that you were asking the question, so that they don't have to like seek out all the rest of that stuff, then it helps them
Okay, why didn't that work out? And there's like just so much back and forth. But if you provide all of that background to the person at the time that you were asking the question, so that they don't have to like seek out all the rest of that stuff, then it helps them Like it's, it makes it less work for someone to help you. Um, and that feels better on the, on the part of someone who's doing the helping. If you have to do a lot of work just to figure out what someone's problem is and how they've tried to solve it
Like it's, it makes it less work for someone to help you. Um, and that feels better on the, on the part of someone who's doing the helping. If you have to do a lot of work just to figure out what someone's problem is and how they've tried to solve it And like all of that background, that doesn't feel so good. Because it's like, why are you making me work so hard to answer your question? Um, yeah
And like all of that background, that doesn't feel so good. Because it's like, why are you making me work so hard to answer your question? Um, yeah And then, um, but then the other thing is that more often than not, if I go through the process of like starting to type up an email, say to a professor saying, this, this is my problem and this is what I've done and, and all of that stuff, the process of saying, like of, of demonstrating that I have exhausted, always to solve this problem myself, generally leads to me solving the problem
And then, um, but then the other thing is that more often than not, if I go through the process of like starting to type up an email, say to a professor saying, this, this is my problem and this is what I've done and, and all of that stuff, the process of saying, like of, of demonstrating that I have exhausted, always to solve this problem myself, generally leads to me solving the problem Not always. I wish. It worked for me at least for this problem. And I feel like, uh, I am opening my discord back up because I didn't turn off the right thing. So I was just like, I'm going to quit it because interestingly enough, I'm, I'm just going to pick apart something that I posted
Not always. I wish. It worked for me at least for this problem. And I feel like, uh, I am opening my discord back up because I didn't turn off the right thing. So I was just like, I'm going to quit it because interestingly enough, I'm, I'm just going to pick apart something that I posted Um, and see what y'all think. I also, I'm going to do it in a random VS code file, just a file because it's hard to see all of the colors without it. And then, I'm going to do a random VS code file. I'm going to do a random VS code file. Copy. Wait. No. Give me all of this. Appreciate it. Copy
Um, and see what y'all think. I also, I'm going to do it in a random VS code file, just a file because it's hard to see all of the colors without it. And then, I'm going to do a random VS code file. I'm going to do a random VS code file. Copy. Wait. No. Give me all of this. Appreciate it. Copy Copy. Oh, we'll do Markdown. List. Left. Uh. This is, so I gave them my repo. And. I'm also trying to figure out. How to make this the coding version to. Like, and that's another question, actually, um, for everyone
Copy. Oh, we'll do Markdown. List. Left. Uh. This is, so I gave them my repo. And. I'm also trying to figure out. How to make this the coding version to. Like, and that's another question, actually, um, for everyone When you're putting it in stack overflow or something, do you put it in Markdown? I'm going to do it. Oh, I certainly would. Absolutely. And, uh, why. I need to rename you
When you're putting it in stack overflow or something, do you put it in Markdown? I'm going to do it. Oh, I certainly would. Absolutely. And, uh, why. I need to rename you What are you trying to do right now? I show you guys the questions, but it's really hard to show you the question I asked with all, with the coding and colors not showing up. Um, I have a markdown file. Okay. It is marked down. Um, oh, you might need. I have prettier. Yeah. Oh, ha ha
What are you trying to do right now? I show you guys the questions, but it's really hard to show you the question I asked with all, with the coding and colors not showing up. Um, I have a markdown file. Okay. It is marked down. Um, oh, you might need. I have prettier. Yeah. Oh, ha ha Yeah. Oh, ha ha. I'm not sure if you will approve you as well, but. The colors thing is determined by your VS code theme. Oh, I thought prettier would help me, but apparently not. It's not going to do anything with colors. It's only going to do for prettier is only about formatting. Oh
Yeah. Oh, ha ha. I'm not sure if you will approve you as well, but. The colors thing is determined by your VS code theme. Oh, I thought prettier would help me, but apparently not. It's not going to do anything with colors. It's only going to do for prettier is only about formatting. Oh Oh. Uh, uh, for do this. Uh, on some things, uh, but a programmer uses all weapons sources to find the solution. Yeah. I get that. We got to, we got to do all of our homework, which. Why? Why? Okay. Y'all, uh, fair with me
Oh. Uh, uh, for do this. Uh, on some things, uh, but a programmer uses all weapons sources to find the solution. Yeah. I get that. We got to, we got to do all of our homework, which. Why? Why? Okay. Y'all, uh, fair with me I don't know how to make this pretty at the moment, but basically in my Tweety Tag dot index, uh, JavaScript, I ran node index.js. And if the Twitter handle that I showed you earlier was, it's basically asking the question I asked you at the beginning of the call when I was describing this. Okay
I don't know how to make this pretty at the moment, but basically in my Tweety Tag dot index, uh, JavaScript, I ran node index.js. And if the Twitter handle that I showed you earlier was, it's basically asking the question I asked you at the beginning of the call when I was describing this. Okay Okay. And showing where I was stuck. And. I think this is a good way. I'm following your instructions, but now I think I'm going to post it later on on, um, on Stack Overflow just to see if I can have someone to answer the question
Okay. And showing where I was stuck. And. I think this is a good way. I'm following your instructions, but now I think I'm going to post it later on on, um, on Stack Overflow just to see if I can have someone to answer the question But again, if not, then I definitely have gone through my Discord channels. And. I think I'm going to didn't even think about it earlier, but I think this is a prism a thing. So I can ask the Prism community to. Sure. I am curious when you say you run node index dot J s, what does that mean in CLI
But again, if not, then I definitely have gone through my Discord channels. And. I think I'm going to didn't even think about it earlier, but I think this is a prism a thing. So I can ask the Prism community to. Sure. I am curious when you say you run node index dot J s, what does that mean in CLI I would say that if you, if I run no dot CLS run command run, run CLI command. Okay. Okay. So in the terminal, your typing node index.js and then this is happening. Yes. If I have the Twitter handle like equal to my name, it will add it to the database
I would say that if you, if I run no dot CLS run command run, run CLI command. Okay. Okay. So in the terminal, your typing node index.js and then this is happening. Yes. If I have the Twitter handle like equal to my name, it will add it to the database If I have it equal to Twitter handle, it will not run. Okay. So I am not a web dev, but it's not obvious to me that you would necessarily have node in particular run your index.js file. Like execute it. Okay. So adding in like because it's connected to the database query, that's why I do it. Okay
If I have it equal to Twitter handle, it will not run. Okay. So I am not a web dev, but it's not obvious to me that you would necessarily have node in particular run your index.js file. Like execute it. Okay. So adding in like because it's connected to the database query, that's why I do it. Okay Okay. What I'm wondering is if actually running that is your problem. It's how it prisma is saying that you check the query the database. Always. Or just when you're like testing it one by one
Okay. What I'm wondering is if actually running that is your problem. It's how it prisma is saying that you check the query the database. Always. Or just when you're like testing it one by one Because you're what if I'm understanding your problem correctly, when you're testing it one by one, it works. But when you're trying to actually run it like connected to the front end, it's not working. Right. Let me open it. And we'll just let's work through this all
Because you're what if I'm understanding your problem correctly, when you're testing it one by one, it works. But when you're trying to actually run it like connected to the front end, it's not working. Right. Let me open it. And we'll just let's work through this all I am spitballing 100% right now. Anybody on, you know, hanging out with us today, understand typescript or prisma. TypeScript is just a subset of JavaScript. It is. It is. But my job. Hold on. Hold, please. Hold. Good to be a scout. I'm going to close these really quick. Just they can save or not
I am spitballing 100% right now. Anybody on, you know, hanging out with us today, understand typescript or prisma. TypeScript is just a subset of JavaScript. It is. It is. But my job. Hold on. Hold, please. Hold. Good to be a scout. I'm going to close these really quick. Just they can save or not I don't really care. Go away. Thank you. Open. Oh, it was right there. Tweety dig. All right. And if I just to make sure that. That's whatever it's the most recent because we just looked at this. All right. So now that I have all these beautiful things open in
I don't really care. Go away. Thank you. Open. Oh, it was right there. Tweety dig. All right. And if I just to make sure that. That's whatever it's the most recent because we just looked at this. All right. So now that I have all these beautiful things open in So in prisma, they have you do your schema dot prisma to be able to connect it to the database and say what you want in the database. Okay. So I named it Twitter handle is the first one I'm working on. So I was like, they use the index dot JS file to be able to query the database
So in prisma, they have you do your schema dot prisma to be able to connect it to the database and say what you want in the database. Okay. So I named it Twitter handle is the first one I'm working on. So I was like, they use the index dot JS file to be able to query the database So I have Twitter handle. And if I enter Twitter handle, Jen, not, not just because I couldn't type earlier. It will show and it's no. What did I say I was indexed on JS. Thank you. And just we can know that it should be that because that's literally you're saying execute this file
So I have Twitter handle. And if I enter Twitter handle, Jen, not, not just because I couldn't type earlier. It will show and it's no. What did I say I was indexed on JS. Thank you. And just we can know that it should be that because that's literally you're saying execute this file The file that you want to execute is that one. Right. Okay. Super script. Oh, it's a super script. Super set. Yeah. What I said was subset. And that is what I meant super. So if you see if I'm entering a written Twitter handle, it is adding a Twitter handle every single time. So cool
The file that you want to execute is that one. Right. Okay. Super script. Oh, it's a super script. Super set. Yeah. What I said was subset. And that is what I meant super. So if you see if I'm entering a written Twitter handle, it is adding a Twitter handle every single time. So cool So cool. That is what I want. I want Twitter handles to be added. But if I go and this is just in the overall file. But if I go into next forms app. And go ahead and run this one, which is see me next forms app. And I do npm run. Dev. Dev if I can type. Please open this. Thank you. I can enter it
So cool. That is what I want. I want Twitter handles to be added. But if I go and this is just in the overall file. But if I go into next forms app. And go ahead and run this one, which is see me next forms app. And I do npm run. Dev. Dev if I can type. Please open this. Thank you. I can enter it I can enter it. But it doesn't go anywhere. So this gives me this pop up. And the way that this one works is to if I go into this one's index dot TSX file. So that is the one on the right. It's saying hey, the Twitter handle is from the form value. And it gives you the pop up
I can enter it. But it doesn't go anywhere. So this gives me this pop up. And the way that this one works is to if I go into this one's index dot TSX file. So that is the one on the right. It's saying hey, the Twitter handle is from the form value. And it gives you the pop up So if I go under API and go to forms. It is here and it reads it. But I've been trying to do like, I need to pull what is putting in here to put it into. The database. Yeah. Okay. So your form. So you've got a. I'm going to go. Not to go into that. I don't see it right now
So if I go under API and go to forms. It is here and it reads it. But I've been trying to do like, I need to pull what is putting in here to put it into. The database. Yeah. Okay. So your form. So you've got a. I'm going to go. Not to go into that. I don't see it right now The constant that gets the handle. Maybe we need to scroll down. The constant is on the index dot TSX file. because then it wouldn't change, right? What up, JD? No. No. No. JD and cano. Hopefully that's right. And for, for Dota's, I will ask more about that once Laura gets her thought out
The constant that gets the handle. Maybe we need to scroll down. The constant is on the index dot TSX file. because then it wouldn't change, right? What up, JD? No. No. No. JD and cano. Hopefully that's right. And for, for Dota's, I will ask more about that once Laura gets her thought out I mean, it's just sort of a wandering thought. Like it's interesting to me that these would be like the form and the data would be declared as constants because we need to update them pretty regularly. Right. But maybe, maybe, maybe that isn't going to matter
I mean, it's just sort of a wandering thought. Like it's interesting to me that these would be like the form and the data would be declared as constants because we need to update them pretty regularly. Right. But maybe, maybe, maybe that isn't going to matter Are you using a tutorial or something to? Yes. Yes. Uh, n-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne, but wait. I actually have this on my get. Oh, I just want to know why time. How important is it to you that we do some enkey on this stream today? I will say not as important as what we're working on right now. Okay
Are you using a tutorial or something to? Yes. Yes. Uh, n-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne, but wait. I actually have this on my get. Oh, I just want to know why time. How important is it to you that we do some enkey on this stream today? I will say not as important as what we're working on right now. Okay Okay. But I mean, that's up to you. You're, this is also you co-host Monday, so. Is this true? Yes, true. What do you want to do? I wonder if I don't know. I mean, I really don't have a preference, honestly. Then if you're cool with it, I would love to
Okay. But I mean, that's up to you. You're, this is also you co-host Monday, so. Is this true? Yes, true. What do you want to do? I wonder if I don't know. I mean, I really don't have a preference, honestly. Then if you're cool with it, I would love to Because I might actually end up stream continuing to stream when we're done. Because I just really want to figure this out because it's like driving me in the same way. Okay. In that case, let's do the inky now. And then when you continue, you can carry on with this. I dig it. I dig it
Because I might actually end up stream continuing to stream when we're done. Because I just really want to figure this out because it's like driving me in the same way. Okay. In that case, let's do the inky now. And then when you continue, you can carry on with this. I dig it. I dig it I dig it. I dig it. All right, then on that note, I'm going to pause on this thing that I'm driving me bonkers and work on it later today, which I will stream to do. So make sure you're following my Twitch account
I dig it. I dig it. All right, then on that note, I'm going to pause on this thing that I'm driving me bonkers and work on it later today, which I will stream to do. So make sure you're following my Twitch account And we will follow up with, I do think it's really good for us to have this question as well. And I will also add in, if it lets me share my inky decks, I will do that too. So you can. Yeah. Sweet. All right. Inky, we also do this one. Do you have a bird? Oh, it's the birds outside. I have, yeah
And we will follow up with, I do think it's really good for us to have this question as well. And I will also add in, if it lets me share my inky decks, I will do that too. So you can. Yeah. Sweet. All right. Inky, we also do this one. Do you have a bird? Oh, it's the birds outside. I have, yeah I have, yeah. I have a window and there's a bird beyond the window, but I do not claim ownership of the bird. That's a really fun way of saying that. Exactly. I'm an ownership of the bird. All right. You know, I, what? I don't know why I do this to myself
I have, yeah. I have a window and there's a bird beyond the window, but I do not claim ownership of the bird. That's a really fun way of saying that. Exactly. I'm an ownership of the bird. All right. You know, I, what? I don't know why I do this to myself I like minimize things and then I'm like, where did it go? I want it back. No, it's not that way. Have you met command H, which is hide instead of minimize? Because I use, I don't know if. Oh, I hate so much. I'm just like hiding everything now. This is kind of fun. Yeah
I like minimize things and then I'm like, where did it go? I want it back. No, it's not that way. Have you met command H, which is hide instead of minimize? Because I use, I don't know if. Oh, I hate so much. I'm just like hiding everything now. This is kind of fun. Yeah Yeah. And then if you do command tab. No, but I could like this is I, this is my best friend for like moving around between my open apps. And I love command H because if you command M, if you minimize, then when you command tab back to something, it'll stay minimized
Yeah. And then if you do command tab. No, but I could like this is I, this is my best friend for like moving around between my open apps. And I love command H because if you command M, if you minimize, then when you command tab back to something, it'll stay minimized And I'm like, I don't want you to do that. I want you out of my face, but I still want you to. Like be accessible from command tab. So if you press tab again, you can tab through all of your open apps and then just open them from there. So it's a way of not having to like grab your mouse. Yeah
And I'm like, I don't want you to do that. I want you out of my face, but I still want you to. Like be accessible from command tab. So if you press tab again, you can tab through all of your open apps and then just open them from there. So it's a way of not having to like grab your mouse. Yeah Yeah. I dig it. I dig it. And then command shift tab goes backwards. I dig it in the list. I dig it. Thank you. Okay. So we have this and then we're going to do this command tab thing and. Thank you. There we go. All right. So we have the enki. Yes. All right
Yeah. I dig it. I dig it. And then command shift tab goes backwards. I dig it in the list. I dig it. Thank you. Okay. So we have this and then we're going to do this command tab thing and. Thank you. There we go. All right. So we have the enki. Yes. All right Yes. All right. So what do you want to make be your first? Yeah. You know, we just happen. No, that would be weird. Um, let's use some Python. Just work it up or get actions. Either one. I'm down for both. Okay. Uh, so if you look down at the bottom, there's a create deck. Yeah. Deck mean
Yes. All right. So what do you want to make be your first? Yeah. You know, we just happen. No, that would be weird. Um, let's use some Python. Just work it up or get actions. Either one. I'm down for both. Okay. Uh, so if you look down at the bottom, there's a create deck. Yeah. Deck mean Yeah. Deck mean. I almost want to do a learning with Laura deck. It's just like I associate it all with you. But that's not always going to be helpful. So I'm going to do Python. In general, on your Python in general. Sure
Yeah. Deck mean. I almost want to do a learning with Laura deck. It's just like I associate it all with you. But that's not always going to be helpful. So I'm going to do Python. In general, on your Python in general. Sure Sure. And we can go back to automate the boring stuff because we were talking about. Python basics and like adding in these questions. Mm hmm. Yeah. Go to the bottom. Go to the bottom. Summary. There we go. All right. And then add add. Okay. Type. There's a bunch
Sure. And we can go back to automate the boring stuff because we were talking about. Python basics and like adding in these questions. Mm hmm. Yeah. Go to the bottom. Go to the bottom. Summary. There we go. All right. And then add add. Okay. Type. There's a bunch There's a bunch. Um, so the, the, let's start with basic and reversed card because that's going to be the one that is most intuitive for anyone who has ever used a physical flash card. Okay. Choose
There's a bunch. Um, so the, the, let's start with basic and reversed card because that's going to be the one that is most intuitive for anyone who has ever used a physical flash card. Okay. Choose Okay. Choose. And the might have been, um, can you click basic again? Because I think it's on basic, but not and reversed card. There we go. Oh, okay
Okay. Choose. And the might have been, um, can you click basic again? Because I think it's on basic, but not and reversed card. There we go. Oh, okay Oh, okay. And then which of the following operators are values? And, uh, would I post all of them or just the ones that are correct? So in this case, you'd probably want to put all of those, but put them in the question box. Yeah, on the front. Okay
Oh, okay. And then which of the following operators are values? And, uh, would I post all of them or just the ones that are correct? So in this case, you'd probably want to put all of those, but put them in the question box. Yeah, on the front. Okay Okay. And then just choose the correct ones to go on the back. Which of the following operator, which of the following are operators in which are values? So on the back, do values and then are operators and then do. And then values. So star is an operator.leigh is a value ray. Need
Okay. And then just choose the correct ones to go on the back. Which of the following operator, which of the following are operators in which are values? So on the back, do values and then are operators and then do. And then values. So star is an operator.leigh is a value ray. Need Need . Queen eight is minus. 5, 2, 3, 4, 3, 4, 5, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5. Underline. Underline and... Bold. Underline. Or not. Okay, whatever. And... You know, I would take out the one..
Need . Queen eight is minus. 5, 2, 3, 4, 3, 4, 5, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5. Underline. Underline and... Bold. Underline. Or not. Okay, whatever. And... You know, I would take out the one.... Just because this isn't necessarily, like, in future when you have lots of cards, it'll be shuffling through them a bit. And so the one would be like, wait, what is... One what? One what? What are we doing? And then... Would you say... The tags are... Python... Operators and values. As a tag
.. Just because this isn't necessarily, like, in future when you have lots of cards, it'll be shuffling through them a bit. And so the one would be like, wait, what is... One what? One what? What are we doing? And then... Would you say... The tags are... Python... Operators and values. As a tag As a tag. Yeah. So for me, I would probably not... Put... Python on it, necessarily, just because this is already living in the Python deck. And so I'm not... I'm not likely to be looking for it across decks, but like it's not gonna hurt. So sure, why not? Uh-oh. Did I do it? Did I make it? Yeah
As a tag. Yeah. So for me, I would probably not... Put... Python on it, necessarily, just because this is already living in the Python deck. And so I'm not... I'm not likely to be looking for it across decks, but like it's not gonna hurt. So sure, why not? Uh-oh. Did I do it? Did I make it? Yeah Sweet. And wait. I think so. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Uh... Python should say... Click on your Python deck in the... Yeah. There we go. Oh, no. Hmm. The default. What... What do you... Oh, I think that it's like a... Like a tour of... Thing. But why did it not show up? Oh
Sweet. And wait. I think so. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Uh... Python should say... Click on your Python deck in the... Yeah. There we go. Oh, no. Hmm. The default. What... What do you... Oh, I think that it's like a... Like a tour of... Thing. But why did it not show up? Oh It has two cards for it. So... Hmm. Was card one. Yes. I think you maybe you made it in the default deck instead of the Python deck. Oh. And for Dotaus, you just unlocked it. Unlocked what? So you can do... Change deck
It has two cards for it. So... Hmm. Was card one. Yes. I think you maybe you made it in the default deck instead of the Python deck. Oh. And for Dotaus, you just unlocked it. Unlocked what? So you can do... Change deck.. Change deck. And you know what? I think I may have been wrong when I said do basic and reversed card, because I think that's why there are two cards. I think it was should have been just basic. I haven't had to set up a deck from scratch in so long. My bad. But you can change the type
.. Change deck. And you know what? I think I may have been wrong when I said do basic and reversed card, because I think that's why there are two cards. I think it was should have been just basic. I haven't had to set up a deck from scratch in so long. My bad. But you can change the type I don't want to delete this. I don't want to forget. There we go. You can... You can delete it as well. But I think you have to actually like open the card in order to delete it. Oh, there we go. If you go under notes. So when you right click and then go to bottom notes and then delete. Okay
I don't want to delete this. I don't want to forget. There we go. You can... You can delete it as well. But I think you have to actually like open the card in order to delete it. Oh, there we go. If you go under notes. So when you right click and then go to bottom notes and then delete. Okay Okay. We will now start. Yay. That is my favorite emoji. That way. I really like it. I don't know. It's something only a little hard. Really happy. Yeah. That looks really cute. It's really happy. I love it. I don't know. I really like it. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know
Okay. We will now start. Yay. That is my favorite emoji. That way. I really like it. I don't know. It's something only a little hard. Really happy. Yeah. That looks really cute. It's really happy. I love it. I don't know. I really like it. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Okay. Okay. So now I go to my deck. Yeah. Python. Python. Now add one. And then again, we can just do the same. Yeah. Go back to basic. Oh, deck right here. Yeah. It's totally me. What. I. Calf. Calf. Calf. Calf. Okay. So now
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Okay. Okay. So now I go to my deck. Yeah. Python. Python. Now add one. And then again, we can just do the same. Yeah. Go back to basic. Oh, deck right here. Yeah. It's totally me. What. I. Calf. Calf. Calf. Calf. Okay. So now Calf. Okay. So now. Well. I'm going to mind that. You did you. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Are.. . Do. do. Do. Do. Yeah, here we go
Calf. Okay. So now. Well. I'm going to mind that. You did you. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Are.. . Do. do. Do. Do. Yeah, here we go Yeah, here we go. And I don't know if it shows up for you all, but it looks like it like kept some of that yellow screen. So I'm just going to make sure that they are. No, no, I don't see it. Cool. Well, hopefully not. And add it. Mm-hmm. All right. So if you go back to the big, inky window, yeah
Yeah, here we go. And I don't know if it shows up for you all, but it looks like it like kept some of that yellow screen. So I'm just going to make sure that they are. No, no, I don't see it. Cool. Well, hopefully not. And add it. Mm-hmm. All right. So if you go back to the big, inky window, yeah And if you click study now, you can see your card. Oh. And then show answer. And I'm going to say that it was easy. And that 4D that was above the easy meant four days. So it'll ask you again in four days. No. But it's not going to notify you
And if you click study now, you can see your card. Oh. And then show answer. And I'm going to say that it was easy. And that 4D that was above the easy meant four days. So it'll ask you again in four days. No. But it's not going to notify you So what that means is that if you are using inky in the next three days, it won't ask you about that card. But if you don't use inky for two weeks, four days will have passed. So we will ask you about that card. Okay. Got it. All right. So which of the following? Add. Basic. Okay
So what that means is that if you are using inky in the next three days, it won't ask you about that card. But if you don't use inky for two weeks, four days will have passed. So we will ask you about that card. Okay. Got it. All right. So which of the following? Add. Basic. Okay Basic. Okay. So this has gotten easier. I feel like I can at least keep going with these. Good. Uh, string. So the question that it's asking is which of them is a variable and which is a string? See, it's a good thing you read it
Basic. Okay. So this has gotten easier. I feel like I can at least keep going with these. Good. Uh, string. So the question that it's asking is which of them is a variable and which is a string? See, it's a good thing you read it Dude, this is probably one of the biggest things that are really, really hard for me is I don't mean to, but I will skip through it. And I'm like, no, no, no, I got to read it. You got to read it. But my brain just honestly does not do it
Dude, this is probably one of the biggest things that are really, really hard for me is I don't mean to, but I will skip through it. And I'm like, no, no, no, I got to read it. You got to read it. But my brain just honestly does not do it And from what I've understood that actually is something with dyslexia because it's where we just will skip letters or skip entire words that a lot of people with dyslexia will just go for context. Just the way the brain works. I'm like, oh, I don't think that I'm dyslexic, but I totally do that
And from what I've understood that actually is something with dyslexia because it's where we just will skip letters or skip entire words that a lot of people with dyslexia will just go for context. Just the way the brain works. I'm like, oh, I don't think that I'm dyslexic, but I totally do that Um, I think it is of it as more like to do with my ADHD, but maybe they're interrelated because brains, man. Brains bring the reared and they're cool. Now I feel like, uh, I want to end on these like, want to be take them. I can be like, we will just answer the questions and as we're typing them
Um, I think it is of it as more like to do with my ADHD, but maybe they're interrelated because brains, man. Brains bring the reared and they're cool. Now I feel like, uh, I want to end on these like, want to be take them. I can be like, we will just answer the questions and as we're typing them I need a tie. I'll close all work on this later. I was going to say, let's try another type of card. Oh, okay. Um, which is the closed deletion kind. And I have to remember how we do this. So, um, you have to, it's a plug-in, the closed deletion
I need a tie. I'll close all work on this later. I was going to say, let's try another type of card. Oh, okay. Um, which is the closed deletion kind. And I have to remember how we do this. So, um, you have to, it's a plug-in, the closed deletion So, what you have to do is I'm, I would literally, I am, in fact, googling, um, closed deletion, anky plug-in. Okay. Closed. But we want closed deletion and we definitely are going to have to install this plug-in. Um, so, add. No. Yeah. So, so literally, uh, search for it in, uh, browser
So, what you have to do is I'm, I would literally, I am, in fact, googling, um, closed deletion, anky plug-in. Okay. Closed. But we want closed deletion and we definitely are going to have to install this plug-in. Um, so, add. No. Yeah. So, so literally, uh, search for it in, uh, browser I think you sent this to me already. Um, oh, so we do need to get to the plug-in itself. Oh, so click, so down the third one from the bottom is closed deletion. Okay, which is going to tell us how to use it, but you have to get it first. So, search for, um, anky closed deletion plug-in
I think you sent this to me already. Um, oh, so we do need to get to the plug-in itself. Oh, so click, so down the third one from the bottom is closed deletion. Okay, which is going to tell us how to use it, but you have to get it first. So, search for, um, anky closed deletion plug-in Ah, I'm clicking too many buttons, y'all. Add on, right? Click right on, maybe it's called an add-on. Okay. Yeah, let me make sure that I know which one I have so that I'm telling you the same thing that I use. Um, um, um, um, um, um, um. Add on. Yeah. Okay, so go for that. Yeah, there we go
Ah, I'm clicking too many buttons, y'all. Add on, right? Click right on, maybe it's called an add-on. Okay. Yeah, let me make sure that I know which one I have so that I'm telling you the same thing that I use. Um, um, um, um, um, um, um. Add on. Yeah. Okay, so go for that. Yeah, there we go Yeah, there we go. Okay, so if you, oh, if you go back one, I think you were on, scroll up. Yeah, okay, so scroll down again and what we're looking for is a number. Maybe it's all the way at the bottom. Hmm, because there will be a number that you use the way, go back kind of it. Uh, down
Yeah, there we go. Okay, so if you, oh, if you go back one, I think you were on, scroll up. Yeah, okay, so scroll down again and what we're looking for is a number. Maybe it's all the way at the bottom. Hmm, because there will be a number that you use the way, go back kind of it. Uh, down Uh, down. Keep going. Um, oh, this is from 2019. It may be too old. Okay. Then let's look at the, there's a YouTube video. There's a YouTuber like, Anki, Anking, I think is his YouTube channel
Uh, down. Keep going. Um, oh, this is from 2019. It may be too old. Okay. Then let's look at the, there's a YouTube video. There's a YouTuber like, Anki, Anking, I think is his YouTube channel Um, and this is literally how I learned to do and relearn because sometimes I forget my memory to use my memory tool. Um, okay. Okay. Yeah, so a lot of Anki users are medical students. Um, but that's okay because the tool works the same
Um, and this is literally how I learned to do and relearn because sometimes I forget my memory to use my memory tool. Um, okay. Okay. Yeah, so a lot of Anki users are medical students. Um, but that's okay because the tool works the same Um, and so if you look, if you search this channel for, um, close deletion. Okay. Yeah, and Frank is saying there are multiple close add-ons on the Inky 2.1 add-on page. Mm-hmm. All the ads always be ads. This is what I saw before. No, it's really not. Hmm. Hmm
Um, and so if you look, if you search this channel for, um, close deletion. Okay. Yeah, and Frank is saying there are multiple close add-ons on the Inky 2.1 add-on page. Mm-hmm. All the ads always be ads. This is what I saw before. No, it's really not. Hmm. Hmm Hmm. Hmm. You can see what kind of, you like me, you can use closed deletions, but use the C1 most of the time. This is for you. So close deletion single card. I really like, although I have some friends that don't like it very much. Now I made an example card
Hmm. Hmm. You can see what kind of, you like me, you can use closed deletions, but use the C1 most of the time. This is for you. So close deletion single card. I really like, although I have some friends that don't like it very much. Now I made an example card As you can see, I tried to make it really good with bolts, underlining and tellyx. But with this particular card, it makes sense to have this, the, the, the Tassium and the Sodeum, both be a part of one card because they're kind of one idea
As you can see, I tried to make it really good with bolts, underlining and tellyx. But with this particular card, it makes sense to have this, the, the, the Tassium and the Sodeum, both be a part of one card because they're kind of one idea Normally if we're creating a card, I'm just going to go, a close deletion, b close deletion, c close deletion, d. Now you can see mine goes one, one, one, one. Anki's default settings will do this. And if I add another closed deletion, it would be c4
Normally if we're creating a card, I'm just going to go, a close deletion, b close deletion, c close deletion, d. Now you can see mine goes one, one, one, one. Anki's default settings will do this. And if I add another closed deletion, it would be c4 But with mine, you can see no matter how many I add, it's always c1, which I think is really nice because they're all together and I tend to use this, the, the c1's more often than not
But with mine, you can see no matter how many I add, it's always c1, which I think is really nice because they're all together and I tend to use this, the, the c1's more often than not So if you're tending to do c1, c2, c3, more than you're using the card that has multiple closed deletions, then I'll c1. This is, is maybe not the video. It's this channel, but it's not this video that I used because this is sort of more advanced. This is like once you're already, already in there
So if you're tending to do c1, c2, c3, more than you're using the card that has multiple closed deletions, then I'll c1. This is, is maybe not the video. It's this channel, but it's not this video that I used because this is sort of more advanced. This is like once you're already, already in there I can do search. I think this is showing all of that, but well, we can look into it because I know that you're at time. I don't know where the last hour and a half went. Like I feel like we just had so much fun. Yep. And that, and that tends to happen when you're on the stream
I can do search. I think this is showing all of that, but well, we can look into it because I know that you're at time. I don't know where the last hour and a half went. Like I feel like we just had so much fun. Yep. And that, and that tends to happen when you're on the stream But we do have more people here and y'all kind of heard and saw like, wow, one button. Like how long and I just do this thing where it's like just coming out with us. We're going to work on some random shit and that's, we went over a little enki. We wanted to figure out how to ask questions
But we do have more people here and y'all kind of heard and saw like, wow, one button. Like how long and I just do this thing where it's like just coming out with us. We're going to work on some random shit and that's, we went over a little enki. We wanted to figure out how to ask questions We did go on a pretty good tangent about Twitter. And that is honestly what Mondays are going to be. Yes, they'll all be based around Python. Yet it's not necessarily going to be just Python
We did go on a pretty good tangent about Twitter. And that is honestly what Mondays are going to be. Yes, they'll all be based around Python. Yet it's not necessarily going to be just Python So if you want to come up with some ideas for what we should call this mini series or series within a series, a series, it's, I don't know what it is, but Laura's here every Monday. That's what I'm trying to say. Yeah. We start with Laura. I just found the plugin that I was thinking of
So if you want to come up with some ideas for what we should call this mini series or series within a series, a series, it's, I don't know what it is, but Laura's here every Monday. That's what I'm trying to say. Yeah. We start with Laura. I just found the plugin that I was thinking of So I'm going to send you the link. Noise. And the reason that we weren't finding it is because it does not have closed deletion in the title. That's what it is. It's not. There we go. Yay. And they're so far there say learning with Laura. I think it sounds good. But yeah, yes
So I'm going to send you the link. Noise. And the reason that we weren't finding it is because it does not have closed deletion in the title. That's what it is. It's not. There we go. Yay. And they're so far there say learning with Laura. I think it sounds good. But yeah, yes But yeah, yes. That's what I put today. So it's always learning with Laura. I just don't know what it's going to be about because we're always, we are always learning. So this one that may just send here. If you pull it up, download this add on. Yeah
But yeah, yes. That's what I put today. So it's always learning with Laura. I just don't know what it's going to be about because we're always, we are always learning. So this one that may just send here. If you pull it up, download this add on. Yeah Yeah. Do you want to share the screen? Oh, hey, I thought I was still. I clicked the buttons, y'all, but you could in. You just couldn't see me. This one is so cool because it lets you put in more than one line
Yeah. Do you want to share the screen? Oh, hey, I thought I was still. I clicked the buttons, y'all, but you could in. You just couldn't see me. This one is so cool because it lets you put in more than one line And if you're doing code very often, you want to be able to enter more than one line of code. And so that's why we weren't finding it because it's not closed. It is, it is a closed deletion thing, but it's not called closed deletion. There it is. Oh, that's not the platform
And if you're doing code very often, you want to be able to enter more than one line of code. And so that's why we weren't finding it because it's not closed. It is, it is a closed deletion thing, but it's not called closed deletion. There it is. Oh, that's not the platform It's called multi-line tape and service. I'm seeing if I can log in so I can get that part of it to get downloaded. And I can show you what that looks like on my end. Is it okay if we go over by a minute or two? Oh, yeah, I'm good. Okay, okay, cool
It's called multi-line tape and service. I'm seeing if I can log in so I can get that part of it to get downloaded. And I can show you what that looks like on my end. Is it okay if we go over by a minute or two? Oh, yeah, I'm good. Okay, okay, cool Okay, okay, cool. Oh, yeah, go share your screen so I can set up my account. Sure. Thank you. We, okay, he's a thank you. Present. Share your screen. Looking for that. Okay, here we go. Okay. So here's my deck on, on VIM
Okay, okay, cool. Oh, yeah, go share your screen so I can set up my account. Sure. Thank you. We, okay, he's a thank you. Present. Share your screen. Looking for that. Okay, here we go. Okay. So here's my deck on, on VIM And so if I say study now, so this is go back to where you came from in a search. So for this particular deck, I don't necessarily need the type answer box to contain more than one line. But it's like there's no reason
And so if I say study now, so this is go back to where you came from in a search. So for this particular deck, I don't necessarily need the type answer box to contain more than one line. But it's like there's no reason I always use the multi-line type answer card type for this for closed deletions because then I have the option of going of using more than one line. Whereas with a regular closed deletion, then I don't. And so I can go back to where I came from in a search if I literally don't remember
I always use the multi-line type answer card type for this for closed deletions because then I have the option of going of using more than one line. Whereas with a regular closed deletion, then I don't. And so I can go back to where I came from in a search if I literally don't remember But it might be control I so control I. Oh, it's control. Oh, okay, so it doesn't like that I didn't capitalize the C in control. I don't care about whether I capitalize that because I'm not actually going to type CT or L. I'm going to press the control key
But it might be control I so control I. Oh, it's control. Oh, okay, so it doesn't like that I didn't capitalize the C in control. I don't care about whether I capitalize that because I'm not actually going to type CT or L. I'm going to press the control key However, do care that it was I instead of I mean that's supposed to be oh instead of I so I'm going to say that I got this one this one wrong. But yeah, anyway, so then I'm just going to finish this one for now. I can show you another one where we have so this is a tech that I made
However, do care that it was I instead of I mean that's supposed to be oh instead of I so I'm going to say that I got this one this one wrong. But yeah, anyway, so then I'm just going to finish this one for now. I can show you another one where we have so this is a tech that I made So I am on a developer relations team. My job title is technical writer, but I am slightly also doing some advocacy. And so I made this deck. I don't want that one. I want the wasm one. So this is our web as my web assembly deck
So I am on a developer relations team. My job title is technical writer, but I am slightly also doing some advocacy. And so I made this deck. I don't want that one. I want the wasm one. So this is our web as my web assembly deck So I made this deck to help me understand or well, first of all, to help me be able to deliver an elevator picture by what is what is what is what is what is good for and all of that kind of stuff
So I made this deck to help me understand or well, first of all, to help me be able to deliver an elevator picture by what is what is what is what is what is good for and all of that kind of stuff And so this this card that it asks me so what is the original use case for wasm was running compiled languages like C++ and the web browser. But since then it has involved evolved to include non browser environments like something and IoT
And so this this card that it asks me so what is the original use case for wasm was running compiled languages like C++ and the web browser. But since then it has involved evolved to include non browser environments like something and IoT And so like server side environments say and so there we go. And that's my so I can I can stick that in there. So I know this is this is a classical like a classic closed deletion case where I can have everything there
And so like server side environments say and so there we go. And that's my so I can I can stick that in there. So I know this is this is a classical like a classic closed deletion case where I can have everything there But the little piece that I want to have myself fill in in this case, the server. So I got that. So I'll say that that was good. And then this card is wrong. So I'm going to have to fix that. I'll just say again and then we'll keep going off. Fix that later. So in my background here
But the little piece that I want to have myself fill in in this case, the server. So I got that. So I'll say that that was good. And then this card is wrong. So I'm going to have to fix that. I'll just say again and then we'll keep going off. Fix that later. So in my background here So I've got all of this context. But what I the part that I want to be able to state right here is so you can compile. Apparently all these different languages. So what kinds of languages can you compile to to WebAssembly? You can compile TypeScript and go and rust and JavaScript
So I've got all of this context. But what I the part that I want to be able to state right here is so you can compile. Apparently all these different languages. So what kinds of languages can you compile to to WebAssembly? You can compile TypeScript and go and rust and JavaScript So let's see how I did on those. Yep. Okay. So I said to that we're not on the list, but it is the case that those are also available to compile. To WebAssembly. So that lets me know that I knew this thing. So I can say that that one was good as well
So let's see how I did on those. Yep. Okay. So I said to that we're not on the list, but it is the case that those are also available to compile. To WebAssembly. So that lets me know that I knew this thing. So I can say that that one was good as well So what does it look like to actually create one of these cards? Oops. I just closed the window. I'm going to have to open it again. And then Frank just sent for chat, multi-line type answer box or add-on. Thank you, Frank. I'm getting it on my computer as we talk. Getting it updated for here
So what does it look like to actually create one of these cards? Oops. I just closed the window. I'm going to have to open it again. And then Frank just sent for chat, multi-line type answer box or add-on. Thank you, Frank. I'm getting it on my computer as we talk. Getting it updated for here So that way I can, by the time you're done showing us, I have it working. Yep. So say I wanted to create a new card here. So I can add. And for this card type, I'm actually using this other add-on called Cotek and Markdown Close. I'm just going to choose that
So that way I can, by the time you're done showing us, I have it working. Yep. So say I wanted to create a new card here. So I can add. And for this card type, I'm actually using this other add-on called Cotek and Markdown Close. I'm just going to choose that And then I can type in a bunch of text. So this is. Oops. I'm typing on my keyboard in a different position than I usually do. Y'all, it helps if I add her back to the stream, right? Yeah, there we go. Okay
And then I can type in a bunch of text. So this is. Oops. I'm typing on my keyboard in a different position than I usually do. Y'all, it helps if I add her back to the stream, right? Yeah, there we go. Okay Okay. And so then in order to to acclude to hide the word bunch, or say I wanted to say this is a bunch of, what is it a bunch of? It's a bunch of text. I can say, see one is text. And then add
Okay. And so then in order to to acclude to hide the word bunch, or say I wanted to say this is a bunch of, what is it a bunch of? It's a bunch of text. I can say, see one is text. And then add And then add. And then if we look at that card, which I'm going to have to find in my deck, because otherwise it's going to show me a bunch of other stuff. I can search this deck for text. I'm just seeing the main deck. I'm not going to get anything out. Because I shared the one window
And then add. And then if we look at that card, which I'm going to have to find in my deck, because otherwise it's going to show me a bunch of other stuff. I can search this deck for text. I'm just seeing the main deck. I'm not going to get anything out. Because I shared the one window But that's okay. I can. Okay. Here we go. Let me reshare. Oops. Oops. I have code showing that needs to not be on stream. So just a sec. Now, I will work space here. I will say, like I need to actually read this closer because I'm like, I don't know how to get it actually working with
But that's okay. I can. Okay. Here we go. Let me reshare. Oops. Oops. I have code showing that needs to not be on stream. So just a sec. Now, I will work space here. I will say, like I need to actually read this closer because I'm like, I don't know how to get it actually working with Oh, go to tools menu add-ons. So if you read, it tells you how to add the heads on. Okay. So, um, and I've got one more here. And I will hide us so that we're not doing inception. Okay. So we have clean these up too
Oh, go to tools menu add-ons. So if you read, it tells you how to add the heads on. Okay. So, um, and I've got one more here. And I will hide us so that we're not doing inception. Okay. So we have clean these up too So what I the way I found this, let's reverse engineer this, if the card that I just made, if I if I click study now, it's just going to show me like card by card. But if I want to see the card that I just made, I can go to browse. The deck that I made this card in is my wasm deck
So what I the way I found this, let's reverse engineer this, if the card that I just made, if I if I click study now, it's just going to show me like card by card. But if I want to see the card that I just made, I can go to browse. The deck that I made this card in is my wasm deck And then I can search my wasm deck for the word text or I can search for like the phrase this is a bunch because that's what I had going. Um, there you go. This is a bunch of and then we can see how it's got like the two curly braces and then see one and colon colon text
And then I can search my wasm deck for the word text or I can search for like the phrase this is a bunch because that's what I had going. Um, there you go. This is a bunch of and then we can see how it's got like the two curly braces and then see one and colon colon text And like, what does that even look like when it's being used as a card? I can click preview. And so then it says this is a bunch of what? It's a bunch of text. I feel like, okay, y'all, because we did totally go over all of this stuff
And like, what does that even look like when it's being used as a card? I can click preview. And so then it says this is a bunch of what? It's a bunch of text. I feel like, okay, y'all, because we did totally go over all of this stuff Um, next week, what if we literally only focus on anky? And um, work on what we want to do, um, and come up with questions because I feel like that is also, like you ask me, you're like, well, what do you want to build them for? I'm like, I don't know what should I be studying
Um, next week, what if we literally only focus on anky? And um, work on what we want to do, um, and come up with questions because I feel like that is also, like you ask me, you're like, well, what do you want to build them for? I'm like, I don't know what should I be studying And because that kind of stuff doesn't show up for me
And because that kind of stuff doesn't show up for me Um, like on repetitive stuff like get hub and stuff like that. I'm like, okay, how do I open something? And I'm like, um, so that's why I'm kind of wondering
Um, like on repetitive stuff like get hub and stuff like that. I'm like, okay, how do I open something? And I'm like, um, so that's why I'm kind of wondering And like, I feel like if we, I can work on coming up with ideas of what to make? Does this make sense? I feel like I'm going around trying to describe what I'm thinking. I'm not sure
And like, I feel like if we, I can work on coming up with ideas of what to make? Does this make sense? I feel like I'm going around trying to describe what I'm thinking. I'm not sure I'm not sure. I am going to, to push very gently back on the plan to talk only about anky because I feel like it will doing it, doing something like in the context where you would normally use it
I'm not sure. I am going to, to push very gently back on the plan to talk only about anky because I feel like it will doing it, doing something like in the context where you would normally use it And so normally if you were using an anky deck to learn something, you'd be doing, you'd be embedded in like the learning, the thing that you're learning. And then when you came across something that was new, you would add it as a card to your anky deck. Oh, okay, okay
And so normally if you were using an anky deck to learn something, you'd be doing, you'd be embedded in like the learning, the thing that you're learning. And then when you came across something that was new, you would add it as a card to your anky deck. Oh, okay, okay Oh, okay, okay. So I can get the app installed because I almost have it totally installed. So when we go back to probably Python next week, we can add it from that. I dig it. I dig it. Yeah
Oh, okay, okay. So I can get the app installed because I almost have it totally installed. So when we go back to probably Python next week, we can add it from that. I dig it. I dig it. Yeah I dig it. Yeah. And we can review like if you have the spoons to add some more cards before then, like we can review from the cards that you already have. Cool. Before then. And then, and then maybe making new ones. I like it. I like it. I dig it. Thank you. That is an idea. Yes, everyone
I dig it. Yeah. And we can review like if you have the spoons to add some more cards before then, like we can review from the cards that you already have. Cool. Before then. And then, and then maybe making new ones. I like it. I like it. I dig it. Thank you. That is an idea. Yes, everyone Yes, everyone. So Laura will be back on Monday. I will be streaming later today working through this project because this project is driving meat bonkers. I don't know when, but I will be back later today. And yes, tomorrow, I don't think I have a guest tomorrow, actually. Should probably go look
Yes, everyone. So Laura will be back on Monday. I will be streaming later today working through this project because this project is driving meat bonkers. I don't know when, but I will be back later today. And yes, tomorrow, I don't think I have a guest tomorrow, actually. Should probably go look I'll be streaming something tomorrow. I just don't know what yet. Nice. Yeah, I don't have a guest tomorrow. That's crazy. All right. So, hit y'all up later. We are going to raid into Anthony's channel because Anthony is dope a shit and who I like to call my internet big brother
I'll be streaming something tomorrow. I just don't know what yet. Nice. Yeah, I don't have a guest tomorrow. That's crazy. All right. So, hit y'all up later. We are going to raid into Anthony's channel because Anthony is dope a shit and who I like to call my internet big brother So we're going to send you guys over there. And if there's anything else, hit us up on Twitter. Those are our names on Twitter. We talk enough about Twitter today. And we will be back next week. Bye. Bye. In however many seconds, this is going to take to raid, you know, just awkwardly. Stereo. I
So we're going to send you guys over there. And if there's anything else, hit us up on Twitter. Those are our names on Twitter. We talk enough about Twitter today. And we will be back next week. Bye. Bye. In however many seconds, this is going to take to raid, you know, just awkwardly. Stereo. I