Hello beautiful humans, welcome to another episode of Teach Shantek. Yet day one of a new series that we are doing with Josh. Josh, who are you? What do you do? What series are we doing? Great questions. Hi everyone, I'm Josh, Josh Goldberg. I am a TypeScript person I'm out on the team, but I authored and threw a Riley released a learning TypeScript book and will sort of maintain her on TypeScript ESLINT, which is the tooling that lets you run ESLINT on TypeScript code
I'm out on the team, but I authored and threw a Riley released a learning TypeScript book and will sort of maintain her on TypeScript ESLINT, which is the tooling that lets you run ESLINT on TypeScript code The series we're going to be going through is Teach Shantek, the learning TypeScript edition, where we'll go through the learning TypeScript book, Gen will explore TypeScript and all its fun and quirks and we're going to have a great time and I hope you all will too
The series we're going to be going through is Teach Shantek, the learning TypeScript edition, where we'll go through the learning TypeScript book, Gen will explore TypeScript and all its fun and quirks and we're going to have a great time and I hope you all will too Yay! Yes, and so for everyone tuning in or watching this like post, we are just today is just setting up like what are we talking about? How can you follow along? Because this is definitely for all of us to be a part of, not just me giving value out of it, but also how to go through the book
Yay! Yes, and so for everyone tuning in or watching this like post, we are just today is just setting up like what are we talking about? How can you follow along? Because this is definitely for all of us to be a part of, not just me giving value out of it, but also how to go through the book And I grabbed the book today and I've started going through it and everything and I'm like, how did I already make it messy? Like I don't even know. Like it's like, and I'm like the bite, it's not shiny and new anymore, it's basically what I'm saying. I'm like, I've used it. I've used it
And I grabbed the book today and I've started going through it and everything and I'm like, how did I already make it messy? Like I don't even know. Like it's like, and I'm like the bite, it's not shiny and new anymore, it's basically what I'm saying. I'm like, I've used it. I've used it And for those who have been following my journey, I am very, very excited because I've been working on this Tweety Tag app thing and Prisma and they use TypeScript and it's been a lot of googly, it's a lot of googly, which I feel like is my entire coding experience, but I'm excited for this
And for those who have been following my journey, I am very, very excited because I've been working on this Tweety Tag app thing and Prisma and they use TypeScript and it's been a lot of googly, it's a lot of googly, which I feel like is my entire coding experience, but I'm excited for this So thank you, thank you. And what about me? It's like one of my favorite things to say when Homi joins the streams. One of my faves as well. Yay. So yes, I listen to, is it called Preface or Preface? Like which is a proper way? You brought this up Prestream and I was wondering, I truly don't know
So thank you, thank you. And what about me? It's like one of my favorite things to say when Homi joins the streams. One of my faves as well. Yay. So yes, I listen to, is it called Preface or Preface? Like which is a proper way? You brought this up Prestream and I was wondering, I truly don't know My guess and this is not informed is that you two preface is a word and the preface is also now, but I've heard that you could preface something and I don't know. It's a great question. All right. Maybe I'll Google this later
My guess and this is not informed is that you two preface is a word and the preface is also now, but I've heard that you could preface something and I don't know. It's a great question. All right. Maybe I'll Google this later And I realized without thinking about it, getting ready for the stream today, that I'm just going to blend in with my background. It's okay, there's just going to be floating hands. It's all the way in. It'll be great. I've really liked it because it like set up a why you got into it
And I realized without thinking about it, getting ready for the stream today, that I'm just going to blend in with my background. It's okay, there's just going to be floating hands. It's all the way in. It'll be great. I've really liked it because it like set up a why you got into it And then also that it's going to be broken down more than like having the assumption that people know all about this already. So I'm going to see if I like recap this while and you can let me know of. All right. So I just want to skip forward. Okay. Let me think about this
And then also that it's going to be broken down more than like having the assumption that people know all about this already. So I'm going to see if I like recap this while and you can let me know of. All right. So I just want to skip forward. Okay. Let me think about this How did you get into this? I'll just ask you and then I can wait and skip forward. Sure. How did I get into TypeScript as a while? Yeah, I really like JavaScript. I actually learned first Java in high school and then C++ in college. I was a four year CS degree. And those languages are fun
How did you get into this? I'll just ask you and then I can wait and skip forward. Sure. How did I get into TypeScript as a while? Yeah, I really like JavaScript. I actually learned first Java in high school and then C++ in college. I was a four year CS degree. And those languages are fun But I really like the speed and rapidness of doing things on the web. I like how you can slap some, in my case, terrible code onto an HTML page, maybe add some CSS or JavaScript. And it just works. And you can publish it on a website
But I really like the speed and rapidness of doing things on the web. I like how you can slap some, in my case, terrible code onto an HTML page, maybe add some CSS or JavaScript. And it just works. And you can publish it on a website So my first big project using those fun ideas of just getting it out there was a remake a Mario called full screen Mario that went viral. I got taken down my Nintendo and was I'm proud to say the worst project code I've ever written
So my first big project using those fun ideas of just getting it out there was a remake a Mario called full screen Mario that went viral. I got taken down my Nintendo and was I'm proud to say the worst project code I've ever written It was like a couple dozen or sorry about a dozen files with hundreds of global variables, all sorts of bugs all over the place. It was terrible. So people on the internet told me, hey, you should look into things like ESLint which is a Linter. It looks at your code and complains about it for you
It was like a couple dozen or sorry about a dozen files with hundreds of global variables, all sorts of bugs all over the place. It was terrible. So people on the internet told me, hey, you should look into things like ESLint which is a Linter. It looks at your code and complains about it for you And then later on, I got into TypeScript because TypeScript is like the ultimate Linter
And then later on, I got into TypeScript because TypeScript is like the ultimate Linter It both finds bugs in your code for you and lets you describe how your code is supposed to run, which then in turn tells TypeScript more about your code and makes it easier for you to read just things that you wrote six months ago and have completely forgotten about since
It both finds bugs in your code for you and lets you describe how your code is supposed to run, which then in turn tells TypeScript more about your code and makes it easier for you to read just things that you wrote six months ago and have completely forgotten about since So I'd say through pain and then tribulations have I gotten into TypeScript. Yes, yes. And there is something and I love this because it's always like, how do you explain like, hey, what did you write like a while ago? And I love this because it's literally on everything
So I'd say through pain and then tribulations have I gotten into TypeScript. Yes, yes. And there is something and I love this because it's always like, how do you explain like, hey, what did you write like a while ago? And I love this because it's literally on everything But one of my favorite parts of the preface, we'll go with that for now is you were like, nah, I don't like TypeScript. And then you did your project and you were like, yes, this is amazing. So I loved that
But one of my favorite parts of the preface, we'll go with that for now is you were like, nah, I don't like TypeScript. And then you did your project and you were like, yes, this is amazing. So I loved that So I loved that. My other favorite part and this is something that I feel like especially with Teach Gen Tech, I have gone from knowing like people just throw projects at me, which I love. This is how I learn. This is why I learned this way. This is why Teach Gen Tech is the thing
So I loved that. My other favorite part and this is something that I feel like especially with Teach Gen Tech, I have gone from knowing like people just throw projects at me, which I love. This is how I learn. This is why I learned this way. This is why Teach Gen Tech is the thing I do not do very well going through step by step normally, but it's also really, really useful to go step by step. There's a reason. There's a reason, y'all. And the reason looking for, ah. And yes, y'all, we will be having a information on how you can get yourself a book
I do not do very well going through step by step normally, but it's also really, really useful to go step by step. There's a reason. There's a reason, y'all. And the reason looking for, ah. And yes, y'all, we will be having a information on how you can get yourself a book So you can take notes and things because I only listen to it. I use an app called Natural Reader to be able to take pictures or read books. And I use that, but now I have my pen. Of, I really like that TypeScript is four things. Programming language, Type Checker, compiler and language service
So you can take notes and things because I only listen to it. I use an app called Natural Reader to be able to take pictures or read books. And I use that, but now I have my pen. Of, I really like that TypeScript is four things. Programming language, Type Checker, compiler and language service And I was like, I didn't know what a compiler was. I've heard people explain it, but I was like, a program that runs the Type Checker reports any issues and then outputs equivalent JavaScript code. And I was like, what? And that's just, I was like, mind blown that it was actually written out
And I was like, I didn't know what a compiler was. I've heard people explain it, but I was like, a program that runs the Type Checker reports any issues and then outputs equivalent JavaScript code. And I was like, what? And that's just, I was like, mind blown that it was actually written out So that's a big thing that I'm really enjoying about just barely getting into the book. So and first off, hi, Ben. I'm done. Yay
So that's a big thing that I'm really enjoying about just barely getting into the book. So and first off, hi, Ben. I'm done. Yay What
What As we're going through this book, like, we can definitely go through, like, the examples of like chapter by chapter because y'all, I'm not going to like, actually, it's really helpful because it's like, you put the index in the chapter instead of like people having to go to the back and look at the index of everything
As we're going through this book, like, we can definitely go through, like, the examples of like chapter by chapter because y'all, I'm not going to like, actually, it's really helpful because it's like, you put the index in the chapter instead of like people having to go to the back and look at the index of everything Okay, I'm totally just going to awkwardly show like it's like, hey, this is chapter one. This is what you'll learn in it. And yeah, oh, Riley actually has some pretty nifty automations. Like, that's all automatically generated from the headings
Okay, I'm totally just going to awkwardly show like it's like, hey, this is chapter one. This is what you'll learn in it. And yeah, oh, Riley actually has some pretty nifty automations. Like, that's all automatically generated from the headings What? Y'all, I'm showing you more because I get really excited about this because I'm like, it like organized the way my brain wanted to look at things instead of what I struggle with with most books. Yay
What? Y'all, I'm showing you more because I get really excited about this because I'm like, it like organized the way my brain wanted to look at things instead of what I struggle with with most books. Yay Yay. How? If you're telling someone about TypeScript for the first time, do you and I do they need to know JavaScript beforehand? That is a debate in the TypeScript community. There are some people who've had some successes teaching just TypeScript to someone who doesn't know JavaScript
Yay. How? If you're telling someone about TypeScript for the first time, do you and I do they need to know JavaScript beforehand? That is a debate in the TypeScript community. There are some people who've had some successes teaching just TypeScript to someone who doesn't know JavaScript I personally, I'm in the camp that it is often and perhaps a majority of the time preferable that they know JavaScript first. And I'll tell you, I'm a really big proponent of the learn one major thing at a time strategy. The idea that it's not easy to learn about Julian things at once
I personally, I'm in the camp that it is often and perhaps a majority of the time preferable that they know JavaScript first. And I'll tell you, I'm a really big proponent of the learn one major thing at a time strategy. The idea that it's not easy to learn about Julian things at once Like, a lot of people when they start learning, say, programming, they learn HTML, CSS, and JavaScript all at the same time. So they have to learn three things, the concept of markup language, styling those things, JavaScript, which is like a whole shabang. And I really don't like that
Like, a lot of people when they start learning, say, programming, they learn HTML, CSS, and JavaScript all at the same time. So they have to learn three things, the concept of markup language, styling those things, JavaScript, which is like a whole shabang. And I really don't like that I think the brain works best when it can contextualize a solid single area of new knowledge against what it already knows. If it needs to make new core knowledge core memories, then it can do so in an individual way for them
I think the brain works best when it can contextualize a solid single area of new knowledge against what it already knows. If it needs to make new core knowledge core memories, then it can do so in an individual way for them So I really like teaching the concept of Type Theory, like what is a Type annotation, a Type Checker, those four things you were looking at on top of already knowing the core fundamentals of JavaScript
So I really like teaching the concept of Type Theory, like what is a Type annotation, a Type Checker, those four things you were looking at on top of already knowing the core fundamentals of JavaScript Because can you imagine teaching someone both like the more difficult parts of TypeScript, the less easy ones, at the same time that they're learning about like scoping in JavaScript? Or this? Like, those are both things that you really want to focus on. That does make sense
Because can you imagine teaching someone both like the more difficult parts of TypeScript, the less easy ones, at the same time that they're learning about like scoping in JavaScript? Or this? Like, those are both things that you really want to focus on. That does make sense And I'm curious about it because I feel like that's how it is for a lot of people yet at the same time. I'm doing the opposite of what Josh suggests
And I'm curious about it because I feel like that's how it is for a lot of people yet at the same time. I'm doing the opposite of what Josh suggests In the fact that I'm learning Python on Mondays, like we have learning with Laura on Mondays, which I absolutely love because, but that's how, and I've learned this about myself, is I am very ADHD. I, if I don't have different buckets going at the same time, I'll disengage with something
In the fact that I'm learning Python on Mondays, like we have learning with Laura on Mondays, which I absolutely love because, but that's how, and I've learned this about myself, is I am very ADHD. I, if I don't have different buckets going at the same time, I'll disengage with something And I'll be like, yeah, no, I'm done with that. Where I will say comparing different languages has helped learn more about JavaScript. While I've been learning Python, I've learned a ton more about JavaScript
And I'll be like, yeah, no, I'm done with that. Where I will say comparing different languages has helped learn more about JavaScript. While I've been learning Python, I've learned a ton more about JavaScript While I'm building things, I learn more about like how I would do something in Python compared to JavaScript and why each is good or bad, the pros and cons of them
While I'm building things, I learn more about like how I would do something in Python compared to JavaScript and why each is good or bad, the pros and cons of them And I say that in the fact of y'all just, all the, for all the beautiful humans that are watching through this process is learning how you learn best. And that is a difficult process yet. It's also like getting into coding and, yes, you are Ben. Ben just said, it's less than I'm a beautiful human
And I say that in the fact of y'all just, all the, for all the beautiful humans that are watching through this process is learning how you learn best. And that is a difficult process yet. It's also like getting into coding and, yes, you are Ben. Ben just said, it's less than I'm a beautiful human Yes, you are. And it's a lot of just like getting used to and finding things of ways of learning. Like I am not a learned by the book kind of person. I wish I was
Yes, you are. And it's a lot of just like getting used to and finding things of ways of learning. Like I am not a learned by the book kind of person. I wish I was But if I don't have someone that can say, hey, Josh, how does this compare to Python on xyz
But if I don't have someone that can say, hey, Josh, how does this compare to Python on xyz It was actually harder for me to comprehend not knowing any of it from zero than being able to compare it to something, which is kind of the point that you had of at the very beginning, having a solid understanding of something to be able to compare it to
It was actually harder for me to comprehend not knowing any of it from zero than being able to compare it to something, which is kind of the point that you had of at the very beginning, having a solid understanding of something to be able to compare it to So it's all different ways that we do things. So, but today is all type skirts. I really like the idea by the way of jumping between things, say, doing typescript on a Friday and Python on a Monday
So it's all different ways that we do things. So, but today is all type skirts. I really like the idea by the way of jumping between things, say, doing typescript on a Friday and Python on a Monday And I will perhaps slightly less ADHD, who knows, but for me, my thing is I can focus really intently on a short period of time on one thing and then I move on to something else
And I will perhaps slightly less ADHD, who knows, but for me, my thing is I can focus really intently on a short period of time on one thing and then I move on to something else So I really like learning one thing intently in that short time because if I had to learn four things or whatever, then yeah, yeah, okay. I get distracted
So I really like learning one thing intently in that short time because if I had to learn four things or whatever, then yeah, yeah, okay. I get distracted I get distracted. But yeah, I strong plus one that, you know, the understanding of how each person learns that that person gains over time is both incredibly difficult to gain quickly and also super valuable as you get it. So yeah, let me learn about yourself. It's good
I get distracted. But yeah, I strong plus one that, you know, the understanding of how each person learns that that person gains over time is both incredibly difficult to gain quickly and also super valuable as you get it. So yeah, let me learn about yourself. It's good It's good. Yeah, yeah, it's been, uh, teach Gen Tech has really a first off, it sounds weird when I say my name in it, but I like really associate it separately. And homie says that they agree with your perspective
It's good. Yeah, yeah, it's been, uh, teach Gen Tech has really a first off, it sounds weird when I say my name in it, but I like really associate it separately. And homie says that they agree with your perspective They like how you explain teaching type 3 as opposed to biting it off as a whole type script. The question is, where's your course? I wish I had the time to make one. First of all, thank you, homie Kodar. I was good to see you again
They like how you explain teaching type 3 as opposed to biting it off as a whole type script. The question is, where's your course? I wish I had the time to make one. First of all, thank you, homie Kodar. I was good to see you again Second of all, I would love to make a course the way like Shanday Person or Mapo Kokav, both of which, by the way, I would recommend is course instructors if that's what you're looking for, both of whom
Second of all, I would love to make a course the way like Shanday Person or Mapo Kokav, both of which, by the way, I would recommend is course instructors if that's what you're looking for, both of whom But yeah, I'm trying to do this open source thing and promote the book and family stuff and friends stuff and there are too many things in this world to do. So maybe eventually, but not this year
But yeah, I'm trying to do this open source thing and promote the book and family stuff and friends stuff and there are too many things in this world to do. So maybe eventually, but not this year And to that point, that's a big reason that we're doing this is to kind of flush out like to be able to help make the course later because since we're going through all this stuff, it's going to be recorded for him to use
And to that point, that's a big reason that we're doing this is to kind of flush out like to be able to help make the course later because since we're going through all this stuff, it's going to be recorded for him to use So you can literally use it whenever you want and also see what other people are struggling with. So it's and we're here for questions
So you can literally use it whenever you want and also see what other people are struggling with. So it's and we're here for questions It's something that is making it a, I don't want to say more, maybe I'm missing words, but I'm going with accessible because since not everybody learns from the book, but we would all love Josh's knowledge and Josh loves to teach. That's why we're doing this. Yay
It's something that is making it a, I don't want to say more, maybe I'm missing words, but I'm going with accessible because since not everybody learns from the book, but we would all love Josh's knowledge and Josh loves to teach. That's why we're doing this. Yay Yay. And also thanks to Ben, it's weird that it's Ben and Ben in our chat and I'm totally digging it, but Ben Myers for introducing us. Yeah, that's right. Ben, I forgot, oh my god, thanks for my, I forgot it was Ben. Ben is great, though. Y'all should subscribe to Ben stream. Yes, yes, exactly
Yay. And also thanks to Ben, it's weird that it's Ben and Ben in our chat and I'm totally digging it, but Ben Myers for introducing us. Yeah, that's right. Ben, I forgot, oh my god, thanks for my, I forgot it was Ben. Ben is great, though. Y'all should subscribe to Ben stream. Yes, yes, exactly Yes, yes, exactly. Yes, Homi, you do need to get this book. It is a Homi and I are working on a project and we're going to be using TypeScript. Oh, nervous, but we'll figure it out. It'll be great. So lots to learn in there
Yes, yes, exactly. Yes, Homi, you do need to get this book. It is a Homi and I are working on a project and we're going to be using TypeScript. Oh, nervous, but we'll figure it out. It'll be great. So lots to learn in there If you were to break down the way the book works, how would you say overall, like what is it the book looks like, and then how we break it down? Sure, there are three sections of the book. And the first section is the most important, I think, to answer that question
If you were to break down the way the book works, how would you say overall, like what is it the book looks like, and then how we break it down? Sure, there are three sections of the book. And the first section is the most important, I think, to answer that question The third section is fun miscellaneous stuff that's useful, but you would not need to know to truly understand or to say that you know TypeScript. The second section of the book is how TypeScript works with each of the features of JavaScript that you would commonly use
The third section is fun miscellaneous stuff that's useful, but you would not need to know to truly understand or to say that you know TypeScript. The second section of the book is how TypeScript works with each of the features of JavaScript that you would commonly use Functions, arrays, classes, etc. But the first section is where the real teaching, I think, happens, the like the core of fundamental foundational stuff. So that's split into first, I explain in the book what TypeScript is, those four things you mentioned
Functions, arrays, classes, etc. But the first section is where the real teaching, I think, happens, the like the core of fundamental foundational stuff. So that's split into first, I explain in the book what TypeScript is, those four things you mentioned It is a compiler, which takes job, a TypeScript syntax and outputs the equivalent JavaScript syntax text to text. Well, I guess we'll get into that later. Then I go over some of the syntax that TypeScript adds to JavaScript, like these little type annotations, which help inform it
It is a compiler, which takes job, a TypeScript syntax and outputs the equivalent JavaScript syntax text to text. Well, I guess we'll get into that later. Then I go over some of the syntax that TypeScript adds to JavaScript, like these little type annotations, which help inform it And I think actually before that, and then also after that, I explain how TypeScript reasons about your JavaScript, how the type checker, the thing that looks at your code and understands it, takes a look at variables the way that they're assigned, the way that they're changed, and lets you know when say you assign a string somewhere that's supposed to be a number or some other mistake
And I think actually before that, and then also after that, I explain how TypeScript reasons about your JavaScript, how the type checker, the thing that looks at your code and understands it, takes a look at variables the way that they're assigned, the way that they're changed, and lets you know when say you assign a string somewhere that's supposed to be a number or some other mistake Does that kind of answer the question you're looking for? It does. And then I do want to share this to share screen. And go to this screen. Yay. All right. So this is also something really cool. So this is the website. It is linked in the YouTube video and everything
Does that kind of answer the question you're looking for? It does. And then I do want to share this to share screen. And go to this screen. Yay. All right. So this is also something really cool. So this is the website. It is linked in the YouTube video and everything And I will go copy and paste that here in a second with everything from today. It's also something that each of these chapters, I think it's by chapters, it's a by section that we're going to have projects to go through. It's by chapter, right? Yes
And I will go copy and paste that here in a second with everything from today. It's also something that each of these chapters, I think it's by chapters, it's a by section that we're going to have projects to go through. It's by chapter, right? Yes Each chapter has a corresponding group of projects. Yeah. And it's going to be at learningtagScript.com. And this is pretty exciting because this is what it is. We went through earlier on when Josh joined us a while ago
Each chapter has a corresponding group of projects. Yeah. And it's going to be at learningtagScript.com. And this is pretty exciting because this is what it is. We went through earlier on when Josh joined us a while ago And this is kind of what happens is people join in and they're like, Hey, I want to come back. That was fun. So we ran this and then we ended up talking about it a lot more to see if I understood it. At the moment, I totally don't remember what we did
And this is kind of what happens is people join in and they're like, Hey, I want to come back. That was fun. So we ran this and then we ended up talking about it a lot more to see if I understood it. At the moment, I totally don't remember what we did I remember that it was really cool because I was like, Oh, this is a way to con like, I'm getting theory and I'm getting practice where that's something that I've really struggled with. If somebody's talking theory, then I'm like, Okay, okay. Yeah, that didn't know
I remember that it was really cool because I was like, Oh, this is a way to con like, I'm getting theory and I'm getting practice where that's something that I've really struggled with. If somebody's talking theory, then I'm like, Okay, okay. Yeah, that didn't know So I'm very excited that we will be going through these as well. And by we, I mean, like me in the audience and show Josh, if we finally got it and ask him questions, she's going to be very excited about this. So definitely check out this website and get the book
So I'm very excited that we will be going through these as well. And by we, I mean, like me in the audience and show Josh, if we finally got it and ask him questions, she's going to be very excited about this. So definitely check out this website and get the book We will be sharing ways to get the book to probably by the next time we stream. It is we are going to stream every other Friday. So this is I will have a calendar out eventually. It will be a thing. It will be, I'm not sure when, but it will be
We will be sharing ways to get the book to probably by the next time we stream. It is we are going to stream every other Friday. So this is I will have a calendar out eventually. It will be a thing. It will be, I'm not sure when, but it will be Is there things like, of course, like we can get the book, we can read through the book or are we can watch your live streams, we can also watch your YouTube or are there things that we should do outside of that to prep for going through this course with you. Good question
Is there things like, of course, like we can get the book, we can read through the book or are we can watch your live streams, we can also watch your YouTube or are there things that we should do outside of that to prep for going through this course with you. Good question Good question. I would say my live streams might not be great prep material. I live stream my work in open source, but it's a lot of stuff that deals with like TypeScript static analysis, which is kind of not great if you don't know TypeScript yet
Good question. I would say my live streams might not be great prep material. I live stream my work in open source, but it's a lot of stuff that deals with like TypeScript static analysis, which is kind of not great if you don't know TypeScript yet It's great if you just want background coding or if you're interested in that stuff once you've read the book. I'd say it never hurts to read ahead or to take another course
It's great if you just want background coding or if you're interested in that stuff once you've read the book. I'd say it never hurts to read ahead or to take another course I personally find that it often takes me like two to three different things, whether that thing is a video or a co-cademy tutorial or projects to understand something. So yeah, I'd say try reading ahead. Also definitely it's useful to recap your JavaScript fundamentals
I personally find that it often takes me like two to three different things, whether that thing is a video or a co-cademy tutorial or projects to understand something. So yeah, I'd say try reading ahead. Also definitely it's useful to recap your JavaScript fundamentals So knowing how functions work in JavaScript. Like first class functions, storing them as variables. Classes, once we get to them, although I don't personally use those a lot in JavaScript. Some hard architecture opinions over there
So knowing how functions work in JavaScript. Like first class functions, storing them as variables. Classes, once we get to them, although I don't personally use those a lot in JavaScript. Some hard architecture opinions over there And then I'm just going to say classes and I just have not clicked. Like I've stopped making a LinkedIn course because like a lot of courses like you have to finish X to be able to continue. I'm still stuck on classes. I'm like I don't know why I'm so stuck on them. But it's not computing
And then I'm just going to say classes and I just have not clicked. Like I've stopped making a LinkedIn course because like a lot of courses like you have to finish X to be able to continue. I'm still stuck on classes. I'm like I don't know why I'm so stuck on them. But it's not computing So as a heads up that might be something I get I struggle with when we go through that. Well, the classes chapter was one of the more difficult ones to write
So as a heads up that might be something I get I struggle with when we go through that. Well, the classes chapter was one of the more difficult ones to write And I'd say if you don't understand it, classes and typeScript by any other bit, that's totally fine because if you don't use classes, it won't affect you at all. So yay. Yes. Yay. Cool. So we can also tag those different things later on. I can put it in the YouTube video notes. And yes, Ben here
And I'd say if you don't understand it, classes and typeScript by any other bit, that's totally fine because if you don't use classes, it won't affect you at all. So yay. Yes. Yay. Cool. So we can also tag those different things later on. I can put it in the YouTube video notes. And yes, Ben here And yes, Ben here. Well, yes and no. He said that accessibility appearances have been very theory so far. And I'm like, I don't know, Ben, that's a lot of them have been, let's see, the first one we actually were going through and actually looked at colors. And you showed me the contrast thing
And yes, Ben here. Well, yes and no. He said that accessibility appearances have been very theory so far. And I'm like, I don't know, Ben, that's a lot of them have been, let's see, the first one we actually were going through and actually looked at colors. And you showed me the contrast thing So that one wasn't very theory. Trying to remember the second one. I think I'm mixing it up with first one too. But this is why they are recorded because we might get messed up on them. And yeah, today was honestly just to get us set up and go through this
So that one wasn't very theory. Trying to remember the second one. I think I'm mixing it up with first one too. But this is why they are recorded because we might get messed up on them. And yeah, today was honestly just to get us set up and go through this Do you think we should start with chapter one today? Or do you think we should wait till everybody gets their time to get their books and set up on start on next time? I'm down to wait
Do you think we should start with chapter one today? Or do you think we should wait till everybody gets their time to get their books and set up on start on next time? I'm down to wait If anyone has any particular questions they want to ask about TypeScript or personal anecdotes about when it or JavaScript has given them great joy or pain, would love to hear it. But yeah, I defer to you and the audience. My dog is trying to talk to us
If anyone has any particular questions they want to ask about TypeScript or personal anecdotes about when it or JavaScript has given them great joy or pain, would love to hear it. But yeah, I defer to you and the audience. My dog is trying to talk to us I don't know if she's like for continuing or for waiting, but she is. Oh, how fun is that? Sorry, Ryan and homie have been setting up stream elements. So that is actually really cool. Can you do the for Josh? Do you call my Josh or Joshua? I feel like it's been I keep going between the two
I don't know if she's like for continuing or for waiting, but she is. Oh, how fun is that? Sorry, Ryan and homie have been setting up stream elements. So that is actually really cool. Can you do the for Josh? Do you call my Josh or Joshua? I feel like it's been I keep going between the two It's Josh. I put Josh with Hey Goldberg because it's the only one that's been consistently available. But I really wish I'd been born a couple years earlier and gotten Josh Goldberg everywhere
It's Josh. I put Josh with Hey Goldberg because it's the only one that's been consistently available. But I really wish I'd been born a couple years earlier and gotten Josh Goldberg everywhere I mean, there's actually a verified Joshua Goldberg on Twitter who is not into tech and it's been real annoying. Also, there was a terrorist Josh Goldberg down in Florida, but he hasn't been on the news in a while. So I beat him and he yes about game. Take that Josh for Ryan Goldberg
I mean, there's actually a verified Joshua Goldberg on Twitter who is not into tech and it's been real annoying. Also, there was a terrorist Josh Goldberg down in Florida, but he hasn't been on the news in a while. So I beat him and he yes about game. Take that Josh for Ryan Goldberg Oh, that is funny. Ben did say they built a JavaScript bot for D&D resources a while ago. They also rebuilt in TypeScript and DANG. It feels so much nicer to work in. Yeah. That is, it's definitely
Oh, that is funny. Ben did say they built a JavaScript bot for D&D resources a while ago. They also rebuilt in TypeScript and DANG. It feels so much nicer to work in. Yeah. That is, it's definitely Ben, where is this D&D resources? I feel like I need that in my life because later tonight, I will be playing D&D. And I'm pretty hilarious at trying to use my character, especially when it comes to knowing what I can make damage with when it's my turn. It's awkward
Ben, where is this D&D resources? I feel like I need that in my life because later tonight, I will be playing D&D. And I'm pretty hilarious at trying to use my character, especially when it comes to knowing what I can make damage with when it's my turn. It's awkward It's awkward. In case anybody wants to stream on that one, it is on Jacobs. Jacobs stream. And but really quick, sorry, I'm trying to multitask and I'm putting this in here. Whoah! Of ways to connect with Josh and learning TypeScript. And I just want to make sure I had it. Awesome
It's awkward. In case anybody wants to stream on that one, it is on Jacobs. Jacobs stream. And but really quick, sorry, I'm trying to multitask and I'm putting this in here. Whoah! Of ways to connect with Josh and learning TypeScript. And I just want to make sure I had it. Awesome Awesome. Well, then we will pause until next time. Today's was a quick stream. Just to set us up so everybody knew what was going on, what the plan is, and get excited for it because I'm excited. And yeah. So goodbye everyone. Hit us up when you want to learn more beforehand
Awesome. Well, then we will pause until next time. Today's was a quick stream. Just to set us up so everybody knew what was going on, what the plan is, and get excited for it because I'm excited. And yeah. So goodbye everyone. Hit us up when you want to learn more beforehand And we will be promoting it a lot more as coming up. So see you in two weeks. Bye everyone. Thanks for coming.
And we will be promoting it a lot more as coming up. So see you in two weeks. Bye everyone. Thanks for coming.