Hello, hello beautiful humans. Welcome to Mondays, which is Teach Shandek and learning with Laura. Yay! And we talk about a lot of random stuff. We do. We do. That's why I love Mondays. They're random. Yep. Yeah. And especially when the cleaning fairy comes in the middle of the night It's like brain damp Monday. Oh, I like that. I like. I feel like it's like such a good way to start the week too. Yeah. I mean, yeah, for sure. I did it. I did it. So just going off of my memory, we are thinking a little bit of Python. A little bit of
It's like brain damp Monday. Oh, I like that. I like. I feel like it's like such a good way to start the week too. Yeah. I mean, yeah, for sure. I did it. I did it. So just going off of my memory, we are thinking a little bit of Python. A little bit of A little bit of. I don't even know what the, what, what is it called? Mastered on. I don't even know what it's called. And then maybe some arc. And eventually we might look at flashcards. Y'all we haven't, we haven't actually finished that one. But hey, that's okay. This is brain damp Mondays
A little bit of. I don't even know what the, what, what is it called? Mastered on. I don't even know what it's called. And then maybe some arc. And eventually we might look at flashcards. Y'all we haven't, we haven't actually finished that one. But hey, that's okay. This is brain damp Mondays Yay! Oh, stream elements is telling people that we are live. That's fun and interesting. I don't think I know stream elements. Ryan set it up where it does auto commands and stuff. And that's why I'm going to try to use OBS is stream elements. You can create like an overlay and put it into OBS
Yay! Oh, stream elements is telling people that we are live. That's fun and interesting. I don't think I know stream elements. Ryan set it up where it does auto commands and stuff. And that's why I'm going to try to use OBS is stream elements. You can create like an overlay and put it into OBS And then OBS like to get the people in OBS. You use pain. And then you stream it to switch to twitch. So. Okay. Right. It does something. Yeah. Cool. Things occur. Yes. Yes. The thing I'm currently working on. But which one would you like to start with? I think that's what we're talking about
And then OBS like to get the people in OBS. You use pain. And then you stream it to switch to twitch. So. Okay. Right. It does something. Yeah. Cool. Things occur. Yes. Yes. The thing I'm currently working on. But which one would you like to start with? I think that's what we're talking about We're talking about our random things of the day, which I need to start making notes. I did finally paste notes from last time. Of what we were talking about in the show notes. So that way. I know what to tell people we're actually talking about. You know, this. I've seen. Tweets from people
We're talking about our random things of the day, which I need to start making notes. I did finally paste notes from last time. Of what we were talking about in the show notes. So that way. I know what to tell people we're actually talking about. You know, this. I've seen. Tweets from people Tweets from people. Like, I think they're like, I don't know that. I think the thing that you said was that what we're talking about is the podcast is a little spend like the first 15 minutes of their podcast talking about not whatever the topic is. And how that's super annoying
Tweets from people. Like, I think they're like, I don't know that. I think the thing that you said was that what we're talking about is the podcast is a little spend like the first 15 minutes of their podcast talking about not whatever the topic is. And how that's super annoying And I was like, oh no, is that me. On the street. I'm telling you, like, as for like the. I mean, as somebody that has a podcast to. I just dive right into that shit. Like, we literally are like. Hey, thanks for coming on the show. Please introduce yourself and the shit you want to talk about
And I was like, oh no, is that me. On the street. I'm telling you, like, as for like the. I mean, as somebody that has a podcast to. I just dive right into that shit. Like, we literally are like. Hey, thanks for coming on the show. Please introduce yourself and the shit you want to talk about just feel like it's a fun and show. So cool. I think it really matters who we're doing this for. Are we doing this for us? Are we doing it for them? Yeah. I feel like this is for me because I just like, with you and we learn a lot of cool stuff and you know, who can always fast forward. For me
just feel like it's a fun and show. So cool. I think it really matters who we're doing this for. Are we doing this for us? Are we doing it for them? Yeah. I feel like this is for me because I just like, with you and we learn a lot of cool stuff and you know, who can always fast forward. For me For me. Works for me. Good fast forward. Maybe that's something to you. I will start writing down time codes of one we do. Maybe I'm going to go back to the pen and paper. I mean, yeah, and we can set it up too because the streams only live on Twitch for like a week
For me. Works for me. Good fast forward. Maybe that's something to you. I will start writing down time codes of one we do. Maybe I'm going to go back to the pen and paper. I mean, yeah, and we can set it up too because the streams only live on Twitch for like a week Yeah, they do live on you and they get uploaded to YouTube exactly. And YouTube does the chapters. And so we can like add chapters like here's where we actually talk about the Python. Here's where we're just brain dumping on whatever. Or here's some learning theories. Here's some new diversity
Yeah, they do live on you and they get uploaded to YouTube exactly. And YouTube does the chapters. And so we can like add chapters like here's where we actually talk about the Python. Here's where we're just brain dumping on whatever. Or here's some learning theories. Here's some new diversity It's true. We do that too. Oh, and the other thing that I forgot to do that I got to do really quick before, we dive into whatever fun stuff is telling people that we're live. I've been trying to like, re-share the message and normally have it up on my screen
It's true. We do that too. Oh, and the other thing that I forgot to do that I got to do really quick before, we dive into whatever fun stuff is telling people that we're live. I've been trying to like, re-share the message and normally have it up on my screen So that way I can just be like, click, send. And it's done. But I don't have set up. So now I have to go find the tweet and post and quote tweet and say, we're live. It's much more complicated process. Post. Oh, I just repost. Oh, OK. Share your thoughts. We're live
So that way I can just be like, click, send. And it's done. But I don't have set up. So now I have to go find the tweet and post and quote tweet and say, we're live. It's much more complicated process. Post. Oh, I just repost. Oh, OK. Share your thoughts. We're live We're live. It's going to be really annoying about it on. Wraithin, that's fine. Cool. Yay. OK, done. Done and done. And so I don't know when we can talk about things and whatever word we want, because we'll add the chapter stuff later. Yes. I find that very freeing
We're live. It's going to be really annoying about it on. Wraithin, that's fine. Cool. Yay. OK, done. Done and done. And so I don't know when we can talk about things and whatever word we want, because we'll add the chapter stuff later. Yes. I find that very freeing I'm also writing down our topics. So I remember. Oh, cool, cool. I'm a pen and paper kind of person. It's not great for the environment. I have tried rocket books. Yet I hold on to all of my old notebooks, all of them, that I've ever had. And I like going through them from time to time
I'm also writing down our topics. So I remember. Oh, cool, cool. I'm a pen and paper kind of person. It's not great for the environment. I have tried rocket books. Yet I hold on to all of my old notebooks, all of them, that I've ever had. And I like going through them from time to time I'm like, oh, this is fun. I do the same except it's on an iPad. I also like to write notes by hand, because I'm writing it with my hand. But I can search. Ooh, I did try remarkable. I think it's what it's called. It's like a tablet that you could literally all it does is write. Yeah. And search
I'm like, oh, this is fun. I do the same except it's on an iPad. I also like to write notes by hand, because I'm writing it with my hand. But I can search. Ooh, I did try remarkable. I think it's what it's called. It's like a tablet that you could literally all it does is write. Yeah. And search Yeah. And search. Yeah. Because my boss uses it and then is like, oh, but I have these notes. But now I can't find anything in them. And I'm like, cool. So does it do? Does the iPad do it pretty well going from writing to text? Yes. I might be able to show you. Let me see if I have
Yeah. And search. Yeah. Because my boss uses it and then is like, oh, but I have these notes. But now I can't find anything in them. And I'm like, cool. So does it do? Does the iPad do it pretty well going from writing to text? Yes. I might be able to show you. Let me see if I have So the app that I use is called Good Notes. I don't know if I have it installed right now. Do I on the Mac? Do I? I know I have it on the tablet, but do I have it over here? Yes, I do. OK. And it might need to update because I haven't opened it in like a year. I'm not
So the app that I use is called Good Notes. I don't know if I have it installed right now. Do I on the Mac? Do I? I know I have it on the tablet, but do I have it over here? Yes, I do. OK. And it might need to update because I haven't opened it in like a year. I'm not I'm not. So you can actually have them sync between the two. So you can access. Oh, yes. Oh, yes, oh, yes. Does it sync automatically with your, yeah? Your iCloud notes? Oh, no. OK. It's no. I keep it in my iCloud. Like that's where the data lives. OK. It's not running properly
I'm not. So you can actually have them sync between the two. So you can access. Oh, yes. Oh, yes, oh, yes. Does it sync automatically with your, yeah? Your iCloud notes? Oh, no. OK. It's no. I keep it in my iCloud. Like that's where the data lives. OK. It's not running properly Let me try that again. Yeah. And so it's completely separate from the notes app on the phone or the tablet or whatever. I also use that because that's how I do like scans. But OK. So the app is not happy. And I so strongly suspect it's because I need to update it on the Mac
Let me try that again. Yeah. And so it's completely separate from the notes app on the phone or the tablet or whatever. I also use that because that's how I do like scans. But OK. So the app is not happy. And I so strongly suspect it's because I need to update it on the Mac But oh, you know what? They probably have a website. We're on the internet. Let's press it up. Yeah. And so it's called Good Notes. All one word. Cool. I will look it up and verify that I can find it. They probably have a demo. I wonder. Ooh. It says right outside the lines. I like it
But oh, you know what? They probably have a website. We're on the internet. Let's press it up. Yeah. And so it's called Good Notes. All one word. Cool. I will look it up and verify that I can find it. They probably have a demo. I wonder. Ooh. It says right outside the lines. I like it I like it. I got that going in our notes. Maybe I'll set up some good notes. And it might be magic. They might even be collaborative now. I kind of think that's a thing that happens to you. It's a kind of thing. So that that's being like an update. Maybe. OK. Well, OK. That's really disappointing
I like it. I got that going in our notes. Maybe I'll set up some good notes. And it might be magic. They might even be collaborative now. I kind of think that's a thing that happens to you. It's a kind of thing. So that that's being like an update. Maybe. OK. Well, OK. That's really disappointing I really cannot get this app to run at all. And it does not say that it needs to be updated. So this is a great endorsement for me. Where I'm like, I literally can't even run it. It's awesome. But how do I- It's just like inevitable. Yeah
I really cannot get this app to run at all. And it does not say that it needs to be updated. So this is a great endorsement for me. Where I'm like, I literally can't even run it. It's awesome. But how do I- It's just like inevitable. Yeah Yeah. But so yeah, I'm not sure what the issue is at the moment because I use this app. When I was teaching, I use it all the time. I use it less now or almost not at all now, like on the Mac. I use it on the iPad all the time. Yeah, that's it. Well, I am now looking at it and my pad screen. Ooh
Yeah. But so yeah, I'm not sure what the issue is at the moment because I use this app. When I was teaching, I use it all the time. I use it less now or almost not at all now, like on the Mac. I use it on the iPad all the time. Yeah, that's it. Well, I am now looking at it and my pad screen. Ooh Ooh. Yeah. Do you want to share your screen? Yeah. The browser tab for the good notes. I'm going to grab my iPad and see if I can. I know how to do it, too. Do, do, do, do. Ta-da. Very excited about that. So I just started downloading it. Open. I don't know if you have an iPad. I don't
Ooh. Yeah. Do you want to share your screen? Yeah. The browser tab for the good notes. I'm going to grab my iPad and see if I can. I know how to do it, too. Do, do, do, do. Ta-da. Very excited about that. So I just started downloading it. Open. I don't know if you have an iPad. I don't I don't. It is on my To-Do list. Once I have a real job. It's a real job for me. I'm just curious. Oh, I can do screen hearing. I wonder if that translates to over here. I don't know. OK. Well, I'll figure that out another time, I suppose. Anyway, yes
I don't. It is on my To-Do list. Once I have a real job. It's a real job for me. I'm just curious. Oh, I can do screen hearing. I wonder if that translates to over here. I don't know. OK. Well, I'll figure that out another time, I suppose. Anyway, yes Anyway, yes. I can, I can, the, oh, oh, oh, it's finally, oh, I think it was just like, wait, what? Do you get to work in? Maybe. That's fascinating. What's it doing? Oh, I can't. Oh, no. I was such a tort. It's yours. Is it mine? I'm looking at it. Where I was like, hey, it's displaying
Anyway, yes. I can, I can, the, oh, oh, oh, it's finally, oh, I think it was just like, wait, what? Do you get to work in? Maybe. That's fascinating. What's it doing? Oh, I can't. Oh, no. I was such a tort. It's yours. Is it mine? I'm looking at it. Where I was like, hey, it's displaying But why isn't it responding to my cursor? It's like somebody else's cursor. Because it's literally not mine. And I, it's cool. It's cool. You know, this is, let's do, ruled. Let's change the cover
But why isn't it responding to my cursor? It's like somebody else's cursor. Because it's literally not mine. And I, it's cool. It's cool. You know, this is, let's do, ruled. Let's change the cover This is, this is where I get stuck in life is, I want to look at all the covers and see if there's anything. Oh, this one's fuller. Solid. Yellow. Great. And you can choose paper that's not yellow if you prefer. And y'all might know better than I do, but I wish they had a pen to use on my MacBook
This is, this is where I get stuck in life is, I want to look at all the covers and see if there's anything. Oh, this one's fuller. Solid. Yellow. Great. And you can choose paper that's not yellow if you prefer. And y'all might know better than I do, but I wish they had a pen to use on my MacBook Like, it doesn't require the green. But like, if I wrote on like anything, it would like to show up here. Something would have to have a touchscreen then. What? Because I, hello, homie
Like, it doesn't require the green. But like, if I wrote on like anything, it would like to show up here. Something would have to have a touchscreen then. What? Because I, hello, homie What up, pseudo? But like, what about if it was like, you know, the pen? I think they have something like that out where the pen can be read by a computer without a touchscreen and you can write anywhere. It's got to have that out. Oh, yeah, maybe. I don't know if it would work as well. But maybe
What up, pseudo? But like, what about if it was like, you know, the pen? I think they have something like that out where the pen can be read by a computer without a touchscreen and you can write anywhere. It's got to have that out. Oh, yeah, maybe. I don't know if it would work as well. But maybe But maybe. To write on any service. I'm apparently very do. Yeah, super cheap, too. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, let's try this. This link just because I'm looking in home. Yeah, that's what Laura was saying. We're going to skip over the video. I don't want to. Okay. So. Apparently not one day
But maybe. To write on any service. I'm apparently very do. Yeah, super cheap, too. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, let's try this. This link just because I'm looking in home. Yeah, that's what Laura was saying. We're going to skip over the video. I don't want to. Okay. So. Apparently not one day I will get myself an iPad and this will make it easier for now. We will work with this. It will be rate. Sounds good. All right. Thanks for coming down that rabbit hole with me. I enjoyed it very, very much so. And I believe I can tie. Can I tie? Okay, I can tie. That's good. I'll try doing this
I will get myself an iPad and this will make it easier for now. We will work with this. It will be rate. Sounds good. All right. Thanks for coming down that rabbit hole with me. I enjoyed it very, very much so. And I believe I can tie. Can I tie? Okay, I can tie. That's good. I'll try doing this I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Okay, I can type. That's good. I'm. I'll try doing this now. On this note pad. It'll be fun. See. Rocket. Yeah. I don't know. I'm used to
I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Okay, I can type. That's good. I'm. I'll try doing this now. On this note pad. It'll be fun. See. Rocket. Yeah. I don't know. I'm used to I'm used to. I still have my rocket books. But. A. They actually are really annoying and take forever to dry. After washing them. Just that. Please. This thing. It's full of notebooks. Oh, yeah. But somewhere in here. I'm pretty sure it's my rocket book. I've had to. And. They're pretty cool. It's
I'm used to. I still have my rocket books. But. A. They actually are really annoying and take forever to dry. After washing them. Just that. Please. This thing. It's full of notebooks. Oh, yeah. But somewhere in here. I'm pretty sure it's my rocket book. I've had to. And. They're pretty cool. It's It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. I don't know. It just wasn't the same for me. Same with the remarkable. That. I used. Where to go. Oh, apparently. Apparently, I wanted to put it somewhere else. That's cool. But that's a big reason why I. Don't like it though
It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. I don't know. It just wasn't the same for me. Same with the remarkable. That. I used. Where to go. Oh, apparently. Apparently, I wanted to put it somewhere else. That's cool. But that's a big reason why I. Don't like it though Is because. A. It doesn't translate very well for writing. And then also it. Does. The. The. The. The. The. The. DES mirits how when it was about. Yep. I've read you a couple of lot of things. Let's see what you. Simone. The pens. Are very great. And you have to use specific pens
Is because. A. It doesn't translate very well for writing. And then also it. Does. The. The. The. The. The. The. DES mirits how when it was about. Yep. I've read you a couple of lot of things. Let's see what you. Simone. The pens. Are very great. And you have to use specific pens And it can't pick up all colors. So. Okay. When they. I have just worked out how to how to. and stuff. Okay, so at the moment I'm just going to share the whole screen and so we're going to have an inception
And it can't pick up all colors. So. Okay. When they. I have just worked out how to how to. and stuff. Okay, so at the moment I'm just going to share the whole screen and so we're going to have an inception Everybody close your eyes for a second and now okay can you now see look at that? It's working. Okay cool. So would you like to see some of my notes from grad school? Yeah. Cool. That just sounds fun. Yeah okay so this is from my mathematical logic class and these are my lecture notes
Everybody close your eyes for a second and now okay can you now see look at that? It's working. Okay cool. So would you like to see some of my notes from grad school? Yeah. Cool. That just sounds fun. Yeah okay so this is from my mathematical logic class and these are my lecture notes I will go to, so I'll just go to the beginning. Okay so these are notes I took by hand on oh my god is it November 10th today? No it's the seventh but this is almost let me see if I have that I don't have the seventh but that's funny
I will go to, so I'll just go to the beginning. Okay so these are notes I took by hand on oh my god is it November 10th today? No it's the seventh but this is almost let me see if I have that I don't have the seventh but that's funny Anyway these are notes that I took by hand six years ago almost today and so we can zoom in and I can search so say I want to look for, let me just highlight a word here so oh this was not a good example because too many of these words are not words that are going to show up in an English dictionary
Anyway these are notes that I took by hand six years ago almost today and so we can zoom in and I can search so say I want to look for, let me just highlight a word here so oh this was not a good example because too many of these words are not words that are going to show up in an English dictionary Let me choose a different notebook. I'm not this class. So let's try. Your notes are so well put together. My notes don't look like that. Well these are my notes from class. I'm sorry. Oh these are to present to the class right? No no no. No notes that I took during class
Let me choose a different notebook. I'm not this class. So let's try. Your notes are so well put together. My notes don't look like that. Well these are my notes from class. I'm sorry. Oh these are to present to the class right? No no no. No notes that I took during class Yeah my notes never look like that
Yeah my notes never look like that Oh okay and yeah and so like I used this like I would color something green if I wanted to flag to myself that that was something that we the professor told the students like okay you need to do this outside of class or like convince yourself that this is true or something like that and so here we are supposed to generalize that this function F was continuous for all elements in the in the real numbers and stuff
Oh okay and yeah and so like I used this like I would color something green if I wanted to flag to myself that that was something that we the professor told the students like okay you need to do this outside of class or like convince yourself that this is true or something like that and so here we are supposed to generalize that this function F was continuous for all elements in the in the real numbers and stuff So we can search. What is it? It's being I am still listening. I'm trying to find one of my notes that show my type of notes because they're comments now. This is totally not like now. That's awesome. Right handwriting is so nice. Your handwriting is so nice. Oh thank you
So we can search. What is it? It's being I am still listening. I'm trying to find one of my notes that show my type of notes because they're comments now. This is totally not like now. That's awesome. Right handwriting is so nice. Your handwriting is so nice. Oh thank you Oh thank you. Actually the professor of this class when he saw my notes said that he wanted to do a write a book with me and have me like hand write it instead of like typing it or whatever. I would love that
Oh thank you. Actually the professor of this class when he saw my notes said that he wanted to do a write a book with me and have me like hand write it instead of like typing it or whatever. I would love that I would love that. Unfortunately what you can't actually see my whole screen because like you're you're not seeing right now the text box but I'm going to search for the word measure in here because it's going to show up all over the place
I would love that. Unfortunately what you can't actually see my whole screen because like you're you're not seeing right now the text box but I'm going to search for the word measure in here because it's going to show up all over the place So I just typed the word measure and it totally found it in my handwriting. That's fascinating. Y'all I need to get a real job so I can get a one of these. Another one. So like I'm just I'm just like rolling through the search results for the word measure right now. And it highlights it as well
So I just typed the word measure and it totally found it in my handwriting. That's fascinating. Y'all I need to get a real job so I can get a one of these. Another one. So like I'm just I'm just like rolling through the search results for the word measure right now. And it highlights it as well So I love taking notes by hand and especially because I can use colors instead of having to have like seven different physical pens you know I have all these colors and I can do all these shapes and I can make super straight lines like I can I can just go you know like here's a line it's not going to start out straight hang on
So I love taking notes by hand and especially because I can use colors instead of having to have like seven different physical pens you know I have all these colors and I can do all these shapes and I can make super straight lines like I can I can just go you know like here's a line it's not going to start out straight hang on I need to choose the straight line tool. Here's a line and it's just going to become a straight line. Dude that is actually really cool
I need to choose the straight line tool. Here's a line and it's just going to become a straight line. Dude that is actually really cool I'm grabbing a couple of different notebooks because they're like my notes literally y'all I'm just like okay so this is I don't even know what these are like my me taking notes I honestly sometimes have no idea what I'm actually talking about. Oh here we go
I'm grabbing a couple of different notebooks because they're like my notes literally y'all I'm just like okay so this is I don't even know what these are like my me taking notes I honestly sometimes have no idea what I'm actually talking about. Oh here we go Oh here we go. Like do you just see how all over that is? I think at least I can't see you because I'm sharing my like my whole screen. Let me let me go this. Like it's just mumbo jumbo. Very colorful. Oh, there's arrows. There are arrows to things. I'm like your notes are so nice
Oh here we go. Like do you just see how all over that is? I think at least I can't see you because I'm sharing my like my whole screen. Let me let me go this. Like it's just mumbo jumbo. Very colorful. Oh, there's arrows. There are arrows to things. I'm like your notes are so nice Oh well I mean uh thank you. Do you feel like a professional note taker? Like that sounds weird I don't know I just want to see right things. Like this is what your stream could be on. You could just write it I think we would all. Let me
Oh well I mean uh thank you. Do you feel like a professional note taker? Like that sounds weird I don't know I just want to see right things. Like this is what your stream could be on. You could just write it I think we would all. Let me The app is this is about to be like the the thing that made good notes like a killer this is this I would I would not leave for all of graduate school because this being able to to do this was also huge with the colors because I could I could write so this is this is a proof of a theorem and I could correspond my colors in my my drawing to like where that shows up in the proof
The app is this is about to be like the the thing that made good notes like a killer this is this I would I would not leave for all of graduate school because this being able to to do this was also huge with the colors because I could I could write so this is this is a proof of a theorem and I could correspond my colors in my my drawing to like where that shows up in the proof So like here's this oops uh here's this like yellow thing going on right here and then I can instantly see in the proof that that's showing up in these three places. Wait do that one more time
So like here's this oops uh here's this like yellow thing going on right here and then I can instantly see in the proof that that's showing up in these three places. Wait do that one more time Okay so in the in this in the diagram that's helping me visualize what's going on in the proof I have this yellow thing yeah and then that corresponds to stuff in the proof itself so that I can keep track of like where the where the concept comes from in the diagram
Okay so in the in this in the diagram that's helping me visualize what's going on in the proof I have this yellow thing yeah and then that corresponds to stuff in the proof itself so that I can keep track of like where the where the concept comes from in the diagram Like there's there's where the yellow thing came from and here's here's a pink thing and I can show I can explain to myself where that came from like why is this true oh because it's over here
Like there's there's where the yellow thing came from and here's here's a pink thing and I can show I can explain to myself where that came from like why is this true oh because it's over here Y'all uh couple different things all it is only for Mac I was looking and I was hoping that it would be for like Android as well and that would have been really cool but now um it's because it's also only for iPad like the good notes at the original product is only on iPad
Y'all uh couple different things all it is only for Mac I was looking and I was hoping that it would be for like Android as well and that would have been really cool but now um it's because it's also only for iPad like the good notes at the original product is only on iPad And Sudo had a really good idea of streaming Mac in interviews and interview prep stuff. I'd be so down if anybody wants to come on and do that with me because that's not my forte. Um you know who else does that kind of or at least interview the preppy stuff is Ian Douglas
And Sudo had a really good idea of streaming Mac in interviews and interview prep stuff. I'd be so down if anybody wants to come on and do that with me because that's not my forte. Um you know who else does that kind of or at least interview the preppy stuff is Ian Douglas Yes yes yes I catch his streams a few times he's been on the show too but oh maybe he'll come on the show to do this. Oh that would be fun
Yes yes yes I catch his streams a few times he's been on the show too but oh maybe he'll come on the show to do this. Oh that would be fun Good idea Sudo and let me know if you think of anybody else that I should have on about that because I feel I'll just ask if anybody wants to come on the show to do it it'll be fun
Good idea Sudo and let me know if you think of anybody else that I should have on about that because I feel I'll just ask if anybody wants to come on the show to do it it'll be fun But yes I think we talked about that for like 20-ish minutes 15 minutes like that yeah yeah yeah okay so chapter one is a good note in it's about fun no taking minute yes and this is a big thing y'all I know uh the started out of speaking Python but I've learned so much of how to learn like seeing these type of like notebooks and things is not something that I ever would have thought about and seeing that seriously Laura since you started streaming with me I'm just like do there's so much more I can do with my life and make it more organized so really true no no that's very true yeah no this is a hundred percent so if we give a round of applause for Laura because it's amazing well I I have a notes a note taking mentor and and so I'm gonna make just her name is um well she is now doctor Tydenay Bradley um let me find that but we were we were grad students at the same time which means I feel like I know her and she does not know you know how it goes um y'all let's go find her on twitter and see if she'll be on learning with Laura's show oh that would be super fun um is so in fact like uh somebody when we at work well at work we're remote but um folks we're having a chat once about what would you do if you could go back to university and I said I would I would get a PhD in category theory and I would have Tydenay Bradley as my thesis advisor so um yep this is this is a dream for me and to share my screens so that you can see uh her uh yeah and um so do do do do do let me see categories and she looks like the most human right I don't know do like she sounds like one yeah um I mean I like just from reading her writing and hearing her on podcasts and and things like that she seems like can you send me that really so I can drop it in the sure um yes it's mathreema
But yes I think we talked about that for like 20-ish minutes 15 minutes like that yeah yeah yeah okay so chapter one is a good note in it's about fun no taking minute yes and this is a big thing y'all I know uh the started out of speaking Python but I've learned so much of how to learn like seeing these type of like notebooks and things is not something that I ever would have thought about and seeing that seriously Laura since you started streaming with me I'm just like do there's so much more I can do with my life and make it more organized so really true no no that's very true yeah no this is a hundred percent so if we give a round of applause for Laura because it's amazing well I I have a notes a note taking mentor and and so I'm gonna make just her name is um well she is now doctor Tydenay Bradley um let me find that but we were we were grad students at the same time which means I feel like I know her and she does not know you know how it goes um y'all let's go find her on twitter and see if she'll be on learning with Laura's show oh that would be super fun um is so in fact like uh somebody when we at work well at work we're remote but um folks we're having a chat once about what would you do if you could go back to university and I said I would I would get a PhD in category theory and I would have Tydenay Bradley as my thesis advisor so um yep this is this is a dream for me and to share my screens so that you can see uh her uh yeah and um so do do do do do let me see categories and she looks like the most human right I don't know do like she sounds like one yeah um I mean I like just from reading her writing and hearing her on podcasts and and things like that she seems like can you send me that really so I can drop it in the sure um yes it's mathreemacom so n-a-t-h-3-m-a I know you asked me to send you the link but I figured I figured it's a short one and you you spelt it out for me so it doesn't sound as complicated as I thought it would be I'm trying to find oh here we go is this it where she's got notes oh her notes will be national handwriting day oh and yeah her notes are all handwritten actually um her thesis has her handwritten stuff in it um here we go dude that's crazy just click this are we gonna down oh pdf there we go uh uh eventually it'll load something it's it's a really long pdf is what's happening here it's like a hundred and something pages um wow this really is taking a long time anyway yeah so she she has a post on on her blog about how she takes notes or took notes in grad school which influenced my my note taking philosophy as it were there we go yeah at the interface of algebra and statistics uh but she's got CDs we like can I zoom here yeah little little like things that you know she drew by hand made so cute um and do okay yeah anyway so so lots of lots of just drawings and and handwritten handwritten notes going on here um and she really tries to make her content really accessible which I think is the mark of a truly excellent mathematician um the the idea that you know the better you can explain something the better you understand it if you can't if you can't understand I think there's a quote that's attributed to Richard Feynman but all kinds of stuff is attributed to Feynman that wasn't really Feynman but we'll just go with that that's something like if you can't explain it and I think it's where the explain like I'm five thing comes from that if you can't explain it to a five year old you don't understand it well enough um eat uh i may or may not be writing the tweet to her right now oh I'm staring off on my second screen uh and then I'm going to ask all of you that are currently watching us to retweet it as well so amazing it tweet that was exciting I would fan girl so hard it would be embarrassing yeah I quickly have gotten like people on the on the show by doing this some say yes some say no some just ignore my existence which I'm okay with that to you um yo what's up up you are on word street did you okay you're on youtube most of everybody watching is over on twitch did you ever get your twitch fixed uh up for the challenge is someone I met on an ADHD group and they said that they were like twitch deleted their accounts or something there was a gap what would happen interesting any way i'm out of twitch fully locked out that isn't that cool like anyway anyway okay i'm glad we're using it too well everyone please go retweet this tweet i can't talk uh so that way we can get her attention to go be our friend and maybe be on the street because that would be really really cool and i would die we got to do it for Laura we'll just keep bugging this person all right oh that kind of locked out okay you just can't log in that that's okay yeah that's the what less dramatic than than what i was imagining which was like twitch had like launched a full scale like barring the doors to you and i was like that whoa um oh politics i love politics yeah well so they he just doesn't have access to them like they it's a glitch that they can't get him access to his accounts so the accounts are there so he can't log in but then he would lose all of his followers it's true but if you can't actually utilize it then you're still losing all your followers now we're just going to talk about what you're doing what are you doing up for the job i don't even know if i know your real name like i've talked to you but i don't know if i know your real name anyway yes yeah uh but all right okay so it's 34 minutes since the podcast and we've talked about several things that we weren't going to talk about yes or maybe just one big thing that we weren't going to talk about which is which is cool we are allowed to brain dump landis yes yes brain dump money actually kind of think that we should we should maybe just rename yeah yeah i really call it i like it because i feel like it also it gets the monday is that a monday because it's like no pressure like i do feel like i should probably have you be like my teacher though and like be like look i got my python homework done especially since we're really doing it on the screen anymore but that's okay i i i thoroughly enjoy this um about to be what i'm about to say is ridiculous oh but we could have two streams we could have brain dump mondays and a learning client stream i'm not mad with it i'm not mad with it i'm not mad at outing because i feel like that's the hard part is i'm like what i want to talk to you about all these random right right it's like catch up time i mean i'm literally sitting here with my coffee and you know it's like yeah we could i like that because a lot of the learning part of it is like outside of it so yes so everybody calls him up i'm cool with that so okay that's good and up says that we should do it i mean all right let's talk yep any suggestions on days y'all i mean other than Wednesdays because that is neurodiversity and tech day so if anybody else has a suggestion i'm gonna have to be right isn't that's actually we could do every other Friday or the only other ones yeah i wonder okay we have started doing it every week because yeah it's hard to remember stuff yeah but i have two weeks ago i script every other day so i could really figure it out through the opposite opposite Friday so like every week we're learning going back and forth which it's crazy but for me as long as i associate it with a person or like a day or something i can go into that mode of learning it where is it because people are like how are you learning all these languages or frameworks and i'm like um um well and you know when we were doing the Python every other week we were also doing the brain dump Mondays at the same time and so it was harder to make progress if we're measuring progress in like a linear way um yeah because we were also doing the other stuff and that so now if we do it every other Friday if we start to head off on a tangent we can just write it down and we Monday we'll talk about this on Monday yes yes okay let's do that okay cool yeah this is exciting this is exciting okay yes something that we did talk about so last week y'all uh we didn't stream because it was Tyler's birthday weekend we went to the zoo where i hobbled around uh with my very very swollen ankle um and yeah i felt it was pretty funny uh uh off a school around a spree sorry off a stool you fell i think yeah something like that mm-hmm yeah yeah it's still it's a i guess a bone bruise so it's going to take a lot longer for it to heal like the bruising itself is gone but there's totally this shine pump uh no it is not broken i've had x-rays it is literally just gonna take time to heal but uh Colorado Springs and zoo and Colorado is spectacular we got to feed the um giraffe and see lions like right next to each other like the glass and all the other side of glass they were just chilling it was crazy okay because i was like okay that sounds really dangerous for the giraffes no you're right you're right you're right you were feeding the giraffes and then the giraffes were feeding the lions i mean they could that is like you know this circle my friends i think that's what would happen mm-hmm not it doesn't sound like the most peaceful way is then do we get no but if you want to go see the kind of stuff that i posted about it's over on my tick dog um it was really cool anyway so the week before that we were talking about twitter and we love twitter but twitter well let's not go into too much detail about twitter because you know there's a lot of processing for people all that but there is a social media network that so many people are talking about i don't even know how to say it i don't master master on you know the the um well not i mean well prehistoric sure that the the ancestor of the elephant right the mastodon big tusks and they lived here on on this continent you know you know i know you know and you'll see like a picture and be like oh yeah of course a mastodon i'm just really excited that that's what it is right yeah yeah yeah it's super cute and things ought to be super cute that's that's like a sticking point with me things ought to be super cute if they possibly can hi hi up to lahy yeah what up i should also write down this time code of knowing what time we actually like started talking about this which was like 40 minutes ish um dudes dudes they were around until like pretty recently in history from up over on youtube yeah that's why i was stumbling over whether to call them prehistoric because it's so close okay are they strictly speaking prehistoric and i decided they were because i think we usually refer to things as prehistoric if they are before written history i think that's how we delineate what's prehistoric and what's not uh and yeah i look look at that look down there little to the right look at that yeah isn't it adorable see i think i always thought they were called mammoths and i never that's why i never got really excited about this new like william mammoths yeah but now that i know it's like y'all i love oh another thing about the zoo they're put away for the winter that sounds weird but they actually have african elephants where a lot of the zoos in the us only have asian elephants and they have african ones there and it's really expensive but someday i'm going to do the they're like you get to hang out and feed the elephants there and they have african elephants and then i'll just do like a video with it and show you guys yes yeah our local zoo also has african elephants um i don't even remember where you live asian elephants i live in the bay or san francisco bay area in california oh i'm a condo so i only went i've been to san diego and at least each time that i've been to san diego they only had asian ones okay yeah this is the oakland zoo um and uh they at least this was true like 10 years ago their elephants mostly don't live at the zoo they have a like giant habitat up in northern california and that's where they live most of the time and then they rotate in a few at a time to come spend a couple months living at the zoo so most of their life is not actually in a zoo i wonder if san diego does the same thing because now that you're saying this it sounds familiar it feels like correct behavior to me like i have yeah very mixed feelings i mean mostly not mixed mostly pretty negative feelings toward towards zoos um and but that seems like especially because of these are these are these are elephants that were rescued they were not like snatched from a native habitat to come and like be looked at you know these these are lions that were rescued from a circus or or whatever um and they but they get to live much more natural lives most of the time and they also even even within the zoo there's like the space where you can look at them and they can leave and go to like the space behind that where there are people staring at them and they are free to just come and go i love that and in october they eat pumpkins we're just so cute they just like pick up an entire pumpkin and go like hope y'all we're going to open you in our program here we're going to view a life where i teach shentak niita at the zoo it's good even this is why i get what you say about like dislike in zoos i think for myself it's a lot of like what is it are they doing things to actually help these animals where do the animals come from what do their um grounds look like they're they're living space yeah yeah so i think a lot of it because i love zoos because it's a very educational space but i also understand like if they're just doing it to keep animals in captivity not as a rehabilitation that is where i like cross the line um but i absolutely love zoos um my grandmother called tyler on his birthday and he was like yeah we're going to the zoo and the first thing my grandma says is he's like she or she said she she was like did jenny ever tell you that we used to go to the zoo every time we had to see her when in phoenix and we rode on the camel so my grandmother's 90 now and she was so excited to tell tyler that she and i rode on a camel in the phoenix zoo when i was like five i just want to quickly acknowledge um obdolahi asking what we think of ruby rails versus python in 2022 and say that we are super sorry for the false advertising today we actually decided midstream that this is no longer a pae on stream this is a brain dump monday's stream and the python stream is going to be on friday's because we have too much to say to each other that is not python at the moment yes so just just gonna call that out we're sorry and i also want to call out your next comment which is come to africa in the desert you'll see animals live without a zoo and yes this is how my to-do list is i i don't know if this is possible and this is something that i really do need to do research on and i i definitely need to own this is um i really want to actually work at a um elephant rehabilitation or wake actually go be able to spend months there or like take a year off it's extremely hard work um but not just go and visit as a spectator but to actually help save elephants because they are they've been hunted for so long and so yes and you said i'm gonna probably butcher it um uh i've you said their name right how did you see that oh i have no idea i didn't get confirmation i said obdu lahi you said it right they said they said right they said thanks Laura they love that you said their name so see it one more time so i'm gonna say obdu lahi obdu lahi um yes obdu lahi we a hundred percent like want to just say thank you for showing out today and hanging out with us because you were so right and um i keep trying to show uh upscalments because nobody else can see them but us um there isn't a park in Thailand that's where a lot of people go um but i really really want to be able to work with African elephants instead of Asian elephants i know that their size is different their ears are different i've done research on it before but this this is a story for another time because i will just go on like wanting to go research elephants don't stop so i'm gonna click share my screen so we can actually look at the the this thing that people are telling me about mastodon yep um thanks for the high five um then so we can create a count do you want to go over a couple of things and i'm gonna go on a tangent to gain first okay i don't want to forget or we could write it on your list and i think i think tangent's are fun this is where i get my ADHD brain gets to thrive so yeah yeah yeah yeah um so on the topic of name pronunciation i got better at pronouncing names from cultures to which i did not belong because of my students when i was a math professor um and i used to have my students and this got way better when we pivoted to remote and that will clear in a second um i had them on the first day i would link to like a youtube like how to pronounce Laura um and ask all students even even if they thought that their name was was it was obvious how to pronounce their name not everyone comes from our culture either right and we had a lot of international students and so i said everybody needs to post a link to how to pronounce their name and so i could and then some students their their name they couldn't find one and they made me a little recording and i put them in my anky deck so i had an anky deck for each one of my classes that i was teaching and i had a card for each one of my students that had like what their name it looks like on my roster because that's how i would see them and then how to pronounce their name and you can actually embed youtube videos and audio files in anky cards um which is a total super power um and then um like their pronouns and like anything anything else about them like oh they have a kid named whatever and this is their cat and these are like things that are important to them this one plays the sport and things like that so that i could really quickly get to a point where my students felt like i knew them and i cared about them because i did i mean care about them you know and it like really accelerated the relationships um that is really really cool in the classes i had a side benefit of i learned how to pronounce a lot more types of names i really like that and that's maybe we could start seeing if uh see riana i like that you posted that it's something that um i do that wouldn't make any sense to me and this is why i get really nervous of saying people say i they're this is so important i think you bring up a really really great topic of pronouncing people's names because that is discrimination when you like if somebody is constantly correcting you that is discrimination against them if you're not doing your best to do so i one of my best friends to this day um i still don't pronounce her name right that is not something I'm proud of i i say this as even when she says it and i try to repeat it i still can't say it right i don't know why so if you record her and you put it in an anky card you can practice it if you want just an option that's a good idea i anky kind of all the things we do need to do another one of these someday on anky um that's a really good idea because she like she's she's cool with it in the fact that like she knows i'm trying yet at the same time it's not fair to her how would you introduce her to somebody i say her name as anos it's i-n-a-s and a lot of people say it that way she um it's not the way she says it but the way that she's described it to me before is she's from um libya and then went to germany and then went to canada and then went back to germany so the way she pronounces it um it can be a bit different then like let's say somebody from germany specifically or from canada specifically um so i think that's a big reason that she's open to it and now um can i give it a shot first okay really good at it so well i i don't want to go ahead i i don't know i haven't actually seen this name itself but i will infer from other names i have seen that were sort of similar i would take a gander at aveder rauman i would say obduraman very similar obduraman your sounds like i would i would assume that it would be a soft a like a instead of a um yeah and that the the m a n at the the end would be like min not man oh yeah yay yay i'm like having a party for myself over here because i'm an nerd do it do it and uh actually something um that's great call out because um there was someone I used to work with his name i'm gonna say it wrong is uh everybody would say uh not now i'm typing it i'm putting it in the chat for everybody it's uh um namon like we would all butcher and purposely butchering it so the way that i like taught myself to say it better was uh newman um is more properly said and but nobody at the company actually pronounced it right until we started correcting it and saying it so that way and he worked there for many many years so it's just kind of banana is how so many people have to put up with that and wait it's practice it is practice and i like the idea of amky amky amky amky amky amky i say amky amky i don't know actually haha i've never actually looked up how to pronounce it i can press reading again thanks for joining us see you next time Ryan thank you um i can press read with all of it but yes so we've got chapter one is good notes chapter two is named pronunciation and some elephants in there we might put the elephants in there at 40 minutes oh there we go we can do elephant names and elephants we got some chapters going y'all we are getting the chapters all right do we want to do you mess it on see i waited for you to say it because this i am horrible at sounding things out like this is just something i always struggled with so now i'm just like i hate reading out loud hate the passion but hey so it's so cute it's mass is it mass jodon mass check how did you say it master on master on mask okay all right do you want to explain to us what this is sure okay as i so happy school i think it makes the most sense to explain it as we do it all right then let me um because otherwise it's all just like a bunch of terms flying and i think that that makes it sort of overwhelming okay so the first thing that is different about master on from say twitter oh you know who has a really great explanation about how to think of master on is um oh just a second i'm gonna have to find her um do do okay wealth so while i'm looking for this um you can search for a server um by just a second i lost your tab okay so all right so you've already got language english um all regions okay and so you can just choose um it sort of doesn't matter sort of doesn't matter which server you choose it totally doesn't matter in the sense that you you just choose one and then you can choose a different one later and everything will be fine so let's go with that it totally doesn't matter um so let's just go through and see what there is um oh well while you're scrolling through and seeing what there is i will look for that super awesome explanation and the problem is that i can't remember her name so how am i going to find her um oh i think I've tweeted well boosted um discord it's funny i um my company used to have our um work comms on discord and so like the discord sound makes me go oh somebody needs something um yes and i still have it like yawning and muted it like i said that uh um that i would go do this soon um but okay i'm gonna find just a random one i can join that i don't have to apply for i'm gonna drop a link to this user's um this person's profile on master lot um with a super fabulous thingy um oh search you could have you already chosen a server no i think indy web is full um so you can search i think if you scroll up oh on the other tab on the servers tab i think if you scroll up you can search more more more up like yeah i'm just making sure i cleared out everything oh okay cool oh nope geek well do you know what topic there should be a search bar i'm not it's i don't think so these servers are like special especially picked ones okay try just going to the web address us fastedon
com so n-a-t-h-3-m-a I know you asked me to send you the link but I figured I figured it's a short one and you you spelt it out for me so it doesn't sound as complicated as I thought it would be I'm trying to find oh here we go is this it where she's got notes oh her notes will be national handwriting day oh and yeah her notes are all handwritten actually um her thesis has her handwritten stuff in it um here we go dude that's crazy just click this are we gonna down oh pdf there we go uh uh eventually it'll load something it's it's a really long pdf is what's happening here it's like a hundred and something pages um wow this really is taking a long time anyway yeah so she she has a post on on her blog about how she takes notes or took notes in grad school which influenced my my note taking philosophy as it were there we go yeah at the interface of algebra and statistics uh but she's got CDs we like can I zoom here yeah little little like things that you know she drew by hand made so cute um and do okay yeah anyway so so lots of lots of just drawings and and handwritten handwritten notes going on here um and she really tries to make her content really accessible which I think is the mark of a truly excellent mathematician um the the idea that you know the better you can explain something the better you understand it if you can't if you can't understand I think there's a quote that's attributed to Richard Feynman but all kinds of stuff is attributed to Feynman that wasn't really Feynman but we'll just go with that that's something like if you can't explain it and I think it's where the explain like I'm five thing comes from that if you can't explain it to a five year old you don't understand it well enough um eat uh i may or may not be writing the tweet to her right now oh I'm staring off on my second screen uh and then I'm going to ask all of you that are currently watching us to retweet it as well so amazing it tweet that was exciting I would fan girl so hard it would be embarrassing yeah I quickly have gotten like people on the on the show by doing this some say yes some say no some just ignore my existence which I'm okay with that to you um yo what's up up you are on word street did you okay you're on youtube most of everybody watching is over on twitch did you ever get your twitch fixed uh up for the challenge is someone I met on an ADHD group and they said that they were like twitch deleted their accounts or something there was a gap what would happen interesting any way i'm out of twitch fully locked out that isn't that cool like anyway anyway okay i'm glad we're using it too well everyone please go retweet this tweet i can't talk uh so that way we can get her attention to go be our friend and maybe be on the street because that would be really really cool and i would die we got to do it for Laura we'll just keep bugging this person all right oh that kind of locked out okay you just can't log in that that's okay yeah that's the what less dramatic than than what i was imagining which was like twitch had like launched a full scale like barring the doors to you and i was like that whoa um oh politics i love politics yeah well so they he just doesn't have access to them like they it's a glitch that they can't get him access to his accounts so the accounts are there so he can't log in but then he would lose all of his followers it's true but if you can't actually utilize it then you're still losing all your followers now we're just going to talk about what you're doing what are you doing up for the job i don't even know if i know your real name like i've talked to you but i don't know if i know your real name anyway yes yeah uh but all right okay so it's 34 minutes since the podcast and we've talked about several things that we weren't going to talk about yes or maybe just one big thing that we weren't going to talk about which is which is cool we are allowed to brain dump landis yes yes brain dump money actually kind of think that we should we should maybe just rename yeah yeah i really call it i like it because i feel like it also it gets the monday is that a monday because it's like no pressure like i do feel like i should probably have you be like my teacher though and like be like look i got my python homework done especially since we're really doing it on the screen anymore but that's okay i i i thoroughly enjoy this um about to be what i'm about to say is ridiculous oh but we could have two streams we could have brain dump mondays and a learning client stream i'm not mad with it i'm not mad with it i'm not mad at outing because i feel like that's the hard part is i'm like what i want to talk to you about all these random right right it's like catch up time i mean i'm literally sitting here with my coffee and you know it's like yeah we could i like that because a lot of the learning part of it is like outside of it so yes so everybody calls him up i'm cool with that so okay that's good and up says that we should do it i mean all right let's talk yep any suggestions on days y'all i mean other than Wednesdays because that is neurodiversity and tech day so if anybody else has a suggestion i'm gonna have to be right isn't that's actually we could do every other Friday or the only other ones yeah i wonder okay we have started doing it every week because yeah it's hard to remember stuff yeah but i have two weeks ago i script every other day so i could really figure it out through the opposite opposite Friday so like every week we're learning going back and forth which it's crazy but for me as long as i associate it with a person or like a day or something i can go into that mode of learning it where is it because people are like how are you learning all these languages or frameworks and i'm like um um well and you know when we were doing the Python every other week we were also doing the brain dump Mondays at the same time and so it was harder to make progress if we're measuring progress in like a linear way um yeah because we were also doing the other stuff and that so now if we do it every other Friday if we start to head off on a tangent we can just write it down and we Monday we'll talk about this on Monday yes yes okay let's do that okay cool yeah this is exciting this is exciting okay yes something that we did talk about so last week y'all uh we didn't stream because it was Tyler's birthday weekend we went to the zoo where i hobbled around uh with my very very swollen ankle um and yeah i felt it was pretty funny uh uh off a school around a spree sorry off a stool you fell i think yeah something like that mm-hmm yeah yeah it's still it's a i guess a bone bruise so it's going to take a lot longer for it to heal like the bruising itself is gone but there's totally this shine pump uh no it is not broken i've had x-rays it is literally just gonna take time to heal but uh Colorado Springs and zoo and Colorado is spectacular we got to feed the um giraffe and see lions like right next to each other like the glass and all the other side of glass they were just chilling it was crazy okay because i was like okay that sounds really dangerous for the giraffes no you're right you're right you're right you were feeding the giraffes and then the giraffes were feeding the lions i mean they could that is like you know this circle my friends i think that's what would happen mm-hmm not it doesn't sound like the most peaceful way is then do we get no but if you want to go see the kind of stuff that i posted about it's over on my tick dog um it was really cool anyway so the week before that we were talking about twitter and we love twitter but twitter well let's not go into too much detail about twitter because you know there's a lot of processing for people all that but there is a social media network that so many people are talking about i don't even know how to say it i don't master master on you know the the um well not i mean well prehistoric sure that the the ancestor of the elephant right the mastodon big tusks and they lived here on on this continent you know you know i know you know and you'll see like a picture and be like oh yeah of course a mastodon i'm just really excited that that's what it is right yeah yeah yeah it's super cute and things ought to be super cute that's that's like a sticking point with me things ought to be super cute if they possibly can hi hi up to lahy yeah what up i should also write down this time code of knowing what time we actually like started talking about this which was like 40 minutes ish um dudes dudes they were around until like pretty recently in history from up over on youtube yeah that's why i was stumbling over whether to call them prehistoric because it's so close okay are they strictly speaking prehistoric and i decided they were because i think we usually refer to things as prehistoric if they are before written history i think that's how we delineate what's prehistoric and what's not uh and yeah i look look at that look down there little to the right look at that yeah isn't it adorable see i think i always thought they were called mammoths and i never that's why i never got really excited about this new like william mammoths yeah but now that i know it's like y'all i love oh another thing about the zoo they're put away for the winter that sounds weird but they actually have african elephants where a lot of the zoos in the us only have asian elephants and they have african ones there and it's really expensive but someday i'm going to do the they're like you get to hang out and feed the elephants there and they have african elephants and then i'll just do like a video with it and show you guys yes yeah our local zoo also has african elephants um i don't even remember where you live asian elephants i live in the bay or san francisco bay area in california oh i'm a condo so i only went i've been to san diego and at least each time that i've been to san diego they only had asian ones okay yeah this is the oakland zoo um and uh they at least this was true like 10 years ago their elephants mostly don't live at the zoo they have a like giant habitat up in northern california and that's where they live most of the time and then they rotate in a few at a time to come spend a couple months living at the zoo so most of their life is not actually in a zoo i wonder if san diego does the same thing because now that you're saying this it sounds familiar it feels like correct behavior to me like i have yeah very mixed feelings i mean mostly not mixed mostly pretty negative feelings toward towards zoos um and but that seems like especially because of these are these are these are elephants that were rescued they were not like snatched from a native habitat to come and like be looked at you know these these are lions that were rescued from a circus or or whatever um and they but they get to live much more natural lives most of the time and they also even even within the zoo there's like the space where you can look at them and they can leave and go to like the space behind that where there are people staring at them and they are free to just come and go i love that and in october they eat pumpkins we're just so cute they just like pick up an entire pumpkin and go like hope y'all we're going to open you in our program here we're going to view a life where i teach shentak niita at the zoo it's good even this is why i get what you say about like dislike in zoos i think for myself it's a lot of like what is it are they doing things to actually help these animals where do the animals come from what do their um grounds look like they're they're living space yeah yeah so i think a lot of it because i love zoos because it's a very educational space but i also understand like if they're just doing it to keep animals in captivity not as a rehabilitation that is where i like cross the line um but i absolutely love zoos um my grandmother called tyler on his birthday and he was like yeah we're going to the zoo and the first thing my grandma says is he's like she or she said she she was like did jenny ever tell you that we used to go to the zoo every time we had to see her when in phoenix and we rode on the camel so my grandmother's 90 now and she was so excited to tell tyler that she and i rode on a camel in the phoenix zoo when i was like five i just want to quickly acknowledge um obdolahi asking what we think of ruby rails versus python in 2022 and say that we are super sorry for the false advertising today we actually decided midstream that this is no longer a pae on stream this is a brain dump monday's stream and the python stream is going to be on friday's because we have too much to say to each other that is not python at the moment yes so just just gonna call that out we're sorry and i also want to call out your next comment which is come to africa in the desert you'll see animals live without a zoo and yes this is how my to-do list is i i don't know if this is possible and this is something that i really do need to do research on and i i definitely need to own this is um i really want to actually work at a um elephant rehabilitation or wake actually go be able to spend months there or like take a year off it's extremely hard work um but not just go and visit as a spectator but to actually help save elephants because they are they've been hunted for so long and so yes and you said i'm gonna probably butcher it um uh i've you said their name right how did you see that oh i have no idea i didn't get confirmation i said obdu lahi you said it right they said they said right they said thanks Laura they love that you said their name so see it one more time so i'm gonna say obdu lahi obdu lahi um yes obdu lahi we a hundred percent like want to just say thank you for showing out today and hanging out with us because you were so right and um i keep trying to show uh upscalments because nobody else can see them but us um there isn't a park in Thailand that's where a lot of people go um but i really really want to be able to work with African elephants instead of Asian elephants i know that their size is different their ears are different i've done research on it before but this this is a story for another time because i will just go on like wanting to go research elephants don't stop so i'm gonna click share my screen so we can actually look at the the this thing that people are telling me about mastodon yep um thanks for the high five um then so we can create a count do you want to go over a couple of things and i'm gonna go on a tangent to gain first okay i don't want to forget or we could write it on your list and i think i think tangent's are fun this is where i get my ADHD brain gets to thrive so yeah yeah yeah yeah um so on the topic of name pronunciation i got better at pronouncing names from cultures to which i did not belong because of my students when i was a math professor um and i used to have my students and this got way better when we pivoted to remote and that will clear in a second um i had them on the first day i would link to like a youtube like how to pronounce Laura um and ask all students even even if they thought that their name was was it was obvious how to pronounce their name not everyone comes from our culture either right and we had a lot of international students and so i said everybody needs to post a link to how to pronounce their name and so i could and then some students their their name they couldn't find one and they made me a little recording and i put them in my anky deck so i had an anky deck for each one of my classes that i was teaching and i had a card for each one of my students that had like what their name it looks like on my roster because that's how i would see them and then how to pronounce their name and you can actually embed youtube videos and audio files in anky cards um which is a total super power um and then um like their pronouns and like anything anything else about them like oh they have a kid named whatever and this is their cat and these are like things that are important to them this one plays the sport and things like that so that i could really quickly get to a point where my students felt like i knew them and i cared about them because i did i mean care about them you know and it like really accelerated the relationships um that is really really cool in the classes i had a side benefit of i learned how to pronounce a lot more types of names i really like that and that's maybe we could start seeing if uh see riana i like that you posted that it's something that um i do that wouldn't make any sense to me and this is why i get really nervous of saying people say i they're this is so important i think you bring up a really really great topic of pronouncing people's names because that is discrimination when you like if somebody is constantly correcting you that is discrimination against them if you're not doing your best to do so i one of my best friends to this day um i still don't pronounce her name right that is not something I'm proud of i i say this as even when she says it and i try to repeat it i still can't say it right i don't know why so if you record her and you put it in an anky card you can practice it if you want just an option that's a good idea i anky kind of all the things we do need to do another one of these someday on anky um that's a really good idea because she like she's she's cool with it in the fact that like she knows i'm trying yet at the same time it's not fair to her how would you introduce her to somebody i say her name as anos it's i-n-a-s and a lot of people say it that way she um it's not the way she says it but the way that she's described it to me before is she's from um libya and then went to germany and then went to canada and then went back to germany so the way she pronounces it um it can be a bit different then like let's say somebody from germany specifically or from canada specifically um so i think that's a big reason that she's open to it and now um can i give it a shot first okay really good at it so well i i don't want to go ahead i i don't know i haven't actually seen this name itself but i will infer from other names i have seen that were sort of similar i would take a gander at aveder rauman i would say obduraman very similar obduraman your sounds like i would i would assume that it would be a soft a like a instead of a um yeah and that the the m a n at the the end would be like min not man oh yeah yay yay i'm like having a party for myself over here because i'm an nerd do it do it and uh actually something um that's great call out because um there was someone I used to work with his name i'm gonna say it wrong is uh everybody would say uh not now i'm typing it i'm putting it in the chat for everybody it's uh um namon like we would all butcher and purposely butchering it so the way that i like taught myself to say it better was uh newman um is more properly said and but nobody at the company actually pronounced it right until we started correcting it and saying it so that way and he worked there for many many years so it's just kind of banana is how so many people have to put up with that and wait it's practice it is practice and i like the idea of amky amky amky amky amky amky i say amky amky i don't know actually haha i've never actually looked up how to pronounce it i can press reading again thanks for joining us see you next time Ryan thank you um i can press read with all of it but yes so we've got chapter one is good notes chapter two is named pronunciation and some elephants in there we might put the elephants in there at 40 minutes oh there we go we can do elephant names and elephants we got some chapters going y'all we are getting the chapters all right do we want to do you mess it on see i waited for you to say it because this i am horrible at sounding things out like this is just something i always struggled with so now i'm just like i hate reading out loud hate the passion but hey so it's so cute it's mass is it mass jodon mass check how did you say it master on master on mask okay all right do you want to explain to us what this is sure okay as i so happy school i think it makes the most sense to explain it as we do it all right then let me um because otherwise it's all just like a bunch of terms flying and i think that that makes it sort of overwhelming okay so the first thing that is different about master on from say twitter oh you know who has a really great explanation about how to think of master on is um oh just a second i'm gonna have to find her um do do okay wealth so while i'm looking for this um you can search for a server um by just a second i lost your tab okay so all right so you've already got language english um all regions okay and so you can just choose um it sort of doesn't matter sort of doesn't matter which server you choose it totally doesn't matter in the sense that you you just choose one and then you can choose a different one later and everything will be fine so let's go with that it totally doesn't matter um so let's just go through and see what there is um oh well while you're scrolling through and seeing what there is i will look for that super awesome explanation and the problem is that i can't remember her name so how am i going to find her um oh i think I've tweeted well boosted um discord it's funny i um my company used to have our um work comms on discord and so like the discord sound makes me go oh somebody needs something um yes and i still have it like yawning and muted it like i said that uh um that i would go do this soon um but okay i'm gonna find just a random one i can join that i don't have to apply for i'm gonna drop a link to this user's um this person's profile on master lot um with a super fabulous thingy um oh search you could have you already chosen a server no i think indy web is full um so you can search i think if you scroll up oh on the other tab on the servers tab i think if you scroll up you can search more more more up like yeah i'm just making sure i cleared out everything oh okay cool oh nope geek well do you know what topic there should be a search bar i'm not it's i don't think so these servers are like special especially picked ones okay try just going to the web address us fastedonorg and then that's fast as an f oss free open source software to t o dawn dot org there we go and it's currently down oh okay yeah they were up yesterday okay so this is everything in the fediverse uh which is fedie's federation um and that's not super important at the moment at the moment all we need to know is about master on everything is run by volunteers it's not owned by you know some billionaire or whatever and so and they've experienced massive uh influx from people fleeing twitter and so people have been putting in so much work upgrading their servers to deal with more people and like making sure that things are staying safe for everyone because that's a really important ethos on master on is that everybody needs to stay safe um and and so on so there are a lot of servers that are like they're just saying okay we are we're done for the moment we need we need to fix and stuff okay so um okay so not this server I guess at any other server just pick one done there yeah I was just gonna pick a random one that can I know into uh legal structure uh nope instant okay we're going back over here oh oh hang a half oh yes look at that bottom left one question others to teach ourselves a stem-oriented server boy did that sound like the place for you I did it yeah uh okay after I remember all my stuff so hold on just egg and I agree and I am human oh I have to click images that contain a cacti so in the sand cactus in the sand that is very specific for okay I got on my cacti in the sand all right and we go to gmail because I have way too many tabs open and I bet that's how everybody lives and verify I think arc is going to have to be in like the next brain dump Monday but speaking of everybody lives in a million tabs that's not really what happens in arc oh okay review of brain dump Mondays to come he all right all right so sure we'll allow notifications why not welcome to the fediverse in a few moments you'll be able to broadcast messages and talk to your friends across a wide variety of servers but this but this server quota
org and then that's fast as an f oss free open source software to t o dawn dot org there we go and it's currently down oh okay yeah they were up yesterday okay so this is everything in the fediverse uh which is fedie's federation um and that's not super important at the moment at the moment all we need to know is about master on everything is run by volunteers it's not owned by you know some billionaire or whatever and so and they've experienced massive uh influx from people fleeing twitter and so people have been putting in so much work upgrading their servers to deal with more people and like making sure that things are staying safe for everyone because that's a really important ethos on master on is that everybody needs to stay safe um and and so on so there are a lot of servers that are like they're just saying okay we are we're done for the moment we need we need to fix and stuff okay so um okay so not this server I guess at any other server just pick one done there yeah I was just gonna pick a random one that can I know into uh legal structure uh nope instant okay we're going back over here oh oh hang a half oh yes look at that bottom left one question others to teach ourselves a stem-oriented server boy did that sound like the place for you I did it yeah uh okay after I remember all my stuff so hold on just egg and I agree and I am human oh I have to click images that contain a cacti so in the sand cactus in the sand that is very specific for okay I got on my cacti in the sand all right and we go to gmail because I have way too many tabs open and I bet that's how everybody lives and verify I think arc is going to have to be in like the next brain dump Monday but speaking of everybody lives in a million tabs that's not really what happens in arc oh okay review of brain dump Mondays to come he all right all right so sure we'll allow notifications why not welcome to the fediverse in a few moments you'll be able to broadcast messages and talk to your friends across a wide variety of servers but this but this server quotaorg qto.co. t o wow
org qto.co. t o woworg is special it hosts your profile so remember its name get it home post from people you follow will appear in your home feed you can follow anyone on any server local public posts from people on the same server as you will appear in the local timeline federated public posts from other servers of the fediverse will appear in the federated timeline I do love their graphics it is really fun right and then reply you can reply to others and and your own toots which will chain them together in a conversation boost you can share other so kids are like like tweets right that's like a post on mastodon is a toot because of the the yeah like dude I like that they're like boost them and you can favorite them all right I like a wow boosting is like retweeting however there is no quote wheat and that is a very purposeful design decision design choice because it prevents pylons so it's a safety thing what do you mean by pylons like um that's so so that's what happens on twitter so say you you post something that says um elan musk is a fuckhead because he is okay and then somebody searches somebody's some elan musk fan is searching twitter for anybody who says anything negative about elan musk and then finds your post your tweet and then they quote tweet it saying everybody go tell Jen that she's a horrible person because she thinks that elan musk is a fuckhead and then all those people show up and they pile on got it got it that's pretty I've been experienced that which I feel fortunate for so that makes a lot more sense yeah um I am too tiny and and boring on twitter and also you know I'm a white woman so people are a lot less likely to pile on me right a little just oh not I just want to like be an 13 year old kid so I'm just going to keep moving on and say so what do I do here okay okay so um everything is your home line your home timeline is empty because you haven't followed anybody so I am going to paste my my mastodon so I can be your very first friend on mastodon yeah um where are we here we go okay so if you copy and paste this including the first at insert mm-hmm so it's kind of like discord with that there you go there's me and you click the like person plus so you have now added me now is it something good uh uh can I is it like twitter where you can just like follow anybody or is it where you have to do I'm really surprised to see that cancel follow request button because I do not have so you can you can make it there like in preferences you can change it so that people have to request to follow you oh okay it's disappeared so I think that what it was doing was it was processing your follow request but I don't actually have that like wall turned on like if there's no gate to follow me um so it it just it just finished and now it's all good and we're done so that wasn't the hardest thing to do um to set up where are people not liking this so the having to choose oh well you know what though that depends on which server you're on so when I said like it doesn't super matter but then it really doesn't matter because you can switch um the the way that the UI looks depends on choices made by the admin of your server so the first server that I joined um I didn't really like the way that it looked and it didn't have that um now have bar on the right side okay I liked it so my server is purple and um stuff it otherwise is identical but it's purple instead of white um but it's also closed at the moment so so yeah that's a thing interesting um but uh yeah so then the way that you find people on mastodon is by searching for hashtags so unlike twitter you can follow hashtags on mastodon kind of like all the y'all i'm just studying this up well we're here as we're here um and then my avatar i don't even know if i have a photo of me in here that used to they're gonna be somewhere cool that's my dnd character hey case and anyone is to know you can be a hippo on mastodon it looks like i can't the only reason i did it is oh this is me trying to like figure out what photos we'll do that one that one looks nice i would recommend for the moment for like the next few weeks at least to use the same photo as you have currently on twitter so that people will recognize you that's a good point that's it and for anybody watching that's a good branding point in general that is a thing like having the same photo everywhere does make it a lot easier for people to it make sure that know that you're u across platforms and i am going to my twitter profile really quick to go copy and paste it for my bio that was super exciting and it may not look great but hey it's there you might want to change the at shit to talk about because that's a twitter at and so it won't go anywhere maybe i need to do it for here host of that's a good call out though you could probably um just hyperlink that um link to your podcast i probably will but we'll do it later that's works um let's see account directory recommended sure profile metadata like so you can put in your website poly work i have my poly work what else do i have um my twitch get up i think i have get up i like that i'm just like uh okay put all those in there so give me a moment please um so the way that verification thing on the right works is you have to be able to edit the html of something in order to do this verification um and so for me the only one that i could edit the html for was my personal website um but you don't have to do the verification thing right away um okay you can later okay um i just realized that's how verification works on mastodon nobody can verify you except you nice all right oh guess what um i'm gonna be mc next week or the uh let me let me copy and paste that one really quick for next donation is uh the conference and i'm either mc in both days or just the second day i'm not sure with yet but it's free so y'all should go and come hang out with me it would be fun cool cool and we are almost time all right safe changes and and we have to continually remind ourselves that um um what doesn't it like oh must be a last year header file was too big your avatar or something both of them both are just the second one looks like it's both oh okay i don't know at least the header one has a broken image icon yeah please stand by while i work on doing this but please continue uh we have to we have to continuously remind ourselves that these servers are under unprecedented pressure um and maintained by humans who don't get paid to maintain them and uh so sometimes stuff is really slow it's getting better um and the way to help that is to donate um because servers cost money um so yeah sometimes stuff slow that is a good reminder just to make sure we need to grant grace to these humans who are putting in all this effort to make this thing for us i'm making my photo smaller um please stand by we snagged yay snagged is an amazing app if anybody wants to know yeah cool it is an app i use all the time where is my desk there it is all you're still 2
org is special it hosts your profile so remember its name get it home post from people you follow will appear in your home feed you can follow anyone on any server local public posts from people on the same server as you will appear in the local timeline federated public posts from other servers of the fediverse will appear in the federated timeline I do love their graphics it is really fun right and then reply you can reply to others and and your own toots which will chain them together in a conversation boost you can share other so kids are like like tweets right that's like a post on mastodon is a toot because of the the yeah like dude I like that they're like boost them and you can favorite them all right I like a wow boosting is like retweeting however there is no quote wheat and that is a very purposeful design decision design choice because it prevents pylons so it's a safety thing what do you mean by pylons like um that's so so that's what happens on twitter so say you you post something that says um elan musk is a fuckhead because he is okay and then somebody searches somebody's some elan musk fan is searching twitter for anybody who says anything negative about elan musk and then finds your post your tweet and then they quote tweet it saying everybody go tell Jen that she's a horrible person because she thinks that elan musk is a fuckhead and then all those people show up and they pile on got it got it that's pretty I've been experienced that which I feel fortunate for so that makes a lot more sense yeah um I am too tiny and and boring on twitter and also you know I'm a white woman so people are a lot less likely to pile on me right a little just oh not I just want to like be an 13 year old kid so I'm just going to keep moving on and say so what do I do here okay okay so um everything is your home line your home timeline is empty because you haven't followed anybody so I am going to paste my my mastodon so I can be your very first friend on mastodon yeah um where are we here we go okay so if you copy and paste this including the first at insert mm-hmm so it's kind of like discord with that there you go there's me and you click the like person plus so you have now added me now is it something good uh uh can I is it like twitter where you can just like follow anybody or is it where you have to do I'm really surprised to see that cancel follow request button because I do not have so you can you can make it there like in preferences you can change it so that people have to request to follow you oh okay it's disappeared so I think that what it was doing was it was processing your follow request but I don't actually have that like wall turned on like if there's no gate to follow me um so it it just it just finished and now it's all good and we're done so that wasn't the hardest thing to do um to set up where are people not liking this so the having to choose oh well you know what though that depends on which server you're on so when I said like it doesn't super matter but then it really doesn't matter because you can switch um the the way that the UI looks depends on choices made by the admin of your server so the first server that I joined um I didn't really like the way that it looked and it didn't have that um now have bar on the right side okay I liked it so my server is purple and um stuff it otherwise is identical but it's purple instead of white um but it's also closed at the moment so so yeah that's a thing interesting um but uh yeah so then the way that you find people on mastodon is by searching for hashtags so unlike twitter you can follow hashtags on mastodon kind of like all the y'all i'm just studying this up well we're here as we're here um and then my avatar i don't even know if i have a photo of me in here that used to they're gonna be somewhere cool that's my dnd character hey case and anyone is to know you can be a hippo on mastodon it looks like i can't the only reason i did it is oh this is me trying to like figure out what photos we'll do that one that one looks nice i would recommend for the moment for like the next few weeks at least to use the same photo as you have currently on twitter so that people will recognize you that's a good point that's it and for anybody watching that's a good branding point in general that is a thing like having the same photo everywhere does make it a lot easier for people to it make sure that know that you're u across platforms and i am going to my twitter profile really quick to go copy and paste it for my bio that was super exciting and it may not look great but hey it's there you might want to change the at shit to talk about because that's a twitter at and so it won't go anywhere maybe i need to do it for here host of that's a good call out though you could probably um just hyperlink that um link to your podcast i probably will but we'll do it later that's works um let's see account directory recommended sure profile metadata like so you can put in your website poly work i have my poly work what else do i have um my twitch get up i think i have get up i like that i'm just like uh okay put all those in there so give me a moment please um so the way that verification thing on the right works is you have to be able to edit the html of something in order to do this verification um and so for me the only one that i could edit the html for was my personal website um but you don't have to do the verification thing right away um okay you can later okay um i just realized that's how verification works on mastodon nobody can verify you except you nice all right oh guess what um i'm gonna be mc next week or the uh let me let me copy and paste that one really quick for next donation is uh the conference and i'm either mc in both days or just the second day i'm not sure with yet but it's free so y'all should go and come hang out with me it would be fun cool cool and we are almost time all right safe changes and and we have to continually remind ourselves that um um what doesn't it like oh must be a last year header file was too big your avatar or something both of them both are just the second one looks like it's both oh okay i don't know at least the header one has a broken image icon yeah please stand by while i work on doing this but please continue uh we have to we have to continuously remind ourselves that these servers are under unprecedented pressure um and maintained by humans who don't get paid to maintain them and uh so sometimes stuff is really slow it's getting better um and the way to help that is to donate um because servers cost money um so yeah sometimes stuff slow that is a good reminder just to make sure we need to grant grace to these humans who are putting in all this effort to make this thing for us i'm making my photo smaller um please stand by we snagged yay snagged is an amazing app if anybody wants to know yeah cool it is an app i use all the time where is my desk there it is all you're still 27 um oh my god okay file edit export case anybody wanted to know this is the really exciting part of it all you know what you could do that it might be a shortcut is if you go to your own twitter profile and then just right click on your avatar on twitter and save that and use that i'll bet it's already small sweet um and so here's a really good question i don't know if i can like elevate that can i oh i can um who are the admins of the mastodon servers are they private citizens or companies they are private citizens so um and they own their server and so what they say goes and so different servers have different um rules like some servers will have rules about you can't talk about Nazis on here for instance um and other other servers may not however as a group the the mastodon part of at least the mastodon part of the fediverse did actually get together a few years ago as i understand it when some some alt-right types tried to come in and like make servers and they were all just like no this is a Nazi phrasum in fact goodbye um our servers connected or is every server a closed community um okay and so this is where that that middle tab dr k c feisler one is handy repost and here um if you scroll down um she may have it oh she doesn't have it pinned dark okay but she is in a sweet or video oh it's uh oh try that the thread reader app i think um so this is a really great um not super short explainer but um the the the TLDR is imagined so like if you go to school you can be say you're a freshman in in your you're a year nine or whatever uh student and then you can join clubs and those clubs can have students from other years like you might have your 10 year 11 year 12 students all in the same club together um you do have to be a student at that school in order to be part of any of these clubs so you and the sort of analogy the the mastodon part of the analogy is like you have to have an account on a mastodon server in order to connect with people on other servers but you can connect with people on other servers you were not restricted just to the server to which you joined just as if you are a year nine student you are not allowed yet it's not the case that you are only allowed to be friends with other year nine students I think that makes sense um discord really helped me understand I think that's why it makes a bit more sense to me is because discord in discord you have to join a specific server to be a part of that like group but you can still DM people if you know their full server username yes so but but okay to my mind it is completely the inverse of discord because like when I go into discord in order to see updates I have to look in each server one at a time I'm only ever looking at one server I'm not looking at like here's everything from all of the 27 discord servers that I belong to that's mastodon oh yeah I agree I think I just don't look at each server like ever I just do my DMs to people because I'm like oh I know where to find you now um is it like IRC IRC um it was uh uh well is a chat like internet chat thing internet relay chat it might be I'm sure that this IR is internet relay and I'm not actually sure about the sea but I kind of I want it to be chat um let's uh well you explain I will google um oh yeah yeah so mastodon is federated that's why it's called the fede verse in fact because it is federated exactly um pseudo so it's really really chat I got it right um yeah so it it is kind of like that in the like federation sense um yeah oh oh all the learning yep um did you have iCQ a thousand years ago okay what's iCQ oh look there it is iCQ the little little it's it's there actually it's the one with the little green yeah you still remember your number pseudo oh that's cool I don't I don't know my iCQ I don't think I ever really I think a lot of it is also uh okay let me think what would a because this would not be like aol chat this is more no aol chat aol instant messenger would be like twitter because you had to be you had to have a like an aol account like you had to be in the aol world okay and you could not talk to people who didn't who weren't in aol world where just on twitter you can only talk to people on twitter where irc you can talk to anybody even if they don't have irc well it's because irc like iCQ is is a client that is that I think was I think it was an irc client but anyway it's like um it's it's it's if you think about like email like if you have Gmail you can email somebody who has outlook yeah when they can email you uh-huh it's not the case that you can only email people who have Gmail okay whereas with aol instant messenger you could only talk to people who were on aol instant messenger so would these be like no because chat rooms you would still have to have a like a name or account with that chat room to use it uh iCQ changed the content ownership policy at some point where everything you wrote on the platform would belong to the platform that's when a lot of people quit that totally makes sense i think i'm a little lost because i was more in chat rooms and aol then this i don't even know this was really a thing sure so so you can just think about it as like email in order to email you have to have an email client like you have to have you have to be registered on somebody's email server mm-hmm right but you can email people whose emails are on other whose email accounts are registered on other servers mm-hmm yeah okay that's what mastodon is like you have to be registered on somebody's mastodon server but you can still talk to people who are on other mastodon servers like me you and i are not on the same mastodon server and we connected and then oh that's where okay i was going in look i have it yay i just posted mine in here too and then i will post Laura's in here so y'all can go mast mastodon it up mm-hmm oh i just pasted it back to you that doesn't really help wrong you know uh there we go i would say that i've gotten a lot of knowledge drops today and this is why i absolutely love that we have our Mondays now because even though it's very very random i always learned so much yep yep so a couple more points yeah you do so just like if you're going to each email somebody you have to put like their username at their email client right right like i'm you know me at gmail or whatever yeah you can't just say like i'm going to email Laura to right it'll be like cute um same thing if you are looking for somebody who's on your server you can find them with just their username but you can't find someone on another server with just their handle it has to be the whole like that thing as servers name that's one thing that people trip over i think that's why i still related that to discord because you can't just find someone with their name you have to to friend them you have to have their server number two and that's why i're okay that's why i think i keep associating them to you is just that one sure but yeah whatever works yeah everyone has different mental models of stuff mm-hmm that is true that's that's one thing that people find confusing because like on twitter you there is only one server from that perspective so you can find somebody because you're only looking on twitter and nobody can have the same username on twitter as somebody else but just as there could be someone who has like Laura Langdon at you know Yahoo dot com and that isn't me actually that was me a million years ago but anyway um that's the same idea you can have somebody else like the same username as somebody else on a different master dawn server and that makes sense that's why you have to look you have to include the server name and hi vve and sudo asked what happens when my original server goes offline can they still log in to master master dawn you know i don't actually know but there are all kinds of fabulous master dawn explainers out there actually if you go to fedi dot tips f-e-d-i dot t-i-p-s there that website is full of answers to all of these questions fedi being short for fedaverse because of federation oh and that's one thing that people trip up on okay another thing that people trip up on is you master dawn if you search for for a word on master dawn it does not search text uh so it's not going to be searching like if you search for a python or whatever it's not going to find everybody who has posted containing has written a post containing the word python however you can search for hashtags and so people use a lot of hashtags in their posts on master dawn if they want people to be able to find them and if you don't want people to be able to find them you just don't put in hashtags and then people can't find them so it'll only be visible to like the audience that you select sweet that one i feel like that's kind of how i write my toys because i'm like sure i don't go search for but then i realize like uh square space i didn't tag them in something i just use the term square space and they actually replied to my tweet even though i didn't tag them or hashtag them but because they're looking for the word square space so okay cool i'm pretty excited about this because it's really my time to search for hashtags which means it actually has to have the hash right that like pound sign hashtag symbol um that's the other another thing that people trip over the other the third thing that people really have trouble with is signing up on mobile okay because when you when you download um mobile clients and there are different ones there are several different ones for iOS and there i think Tuske is the one that people that's the one i see that recommended the most often for android um capital t usky what's your going to say oh a lot of them say like it looks like you have to re re rejoin it'll say like join a server and you're like but i already joined a server why are you asking me to do this again you just search for the server name that you're already on and so in that in your case that's what q o t o yeah dot something dot org dot org okay and so you would search for that and it'll start like sometimes it'll start um my husband ran into this yesterday he was he's on fastodon dot org and he started typing fastodon it started off like auto populating the search results and then they all just disappeared and he was like oh okay so i guess it's not here but if you actually just press enter and like do the search then it found it got it so you do have to actually search for the server that you just joined and then you can log in and everything's like normal but those are like the three i think things that people find the most confusing that's good to know and i wrote these down so i'll include them in the youtube description and y'all we put in a hashtag teach shantak so you guys can search it later and also i'm also kind of rushing y'all because i really have to pee tm i for everybody but i'm like i drink a lot of water so i'm like let's go we are also at our time which is pretty exciting because that works out and yes as y'all heard we are just going to do as homey put manic monday or brain dump monday or this is just like a chill get get the week started with us and every other friday we will be doing learning with Laura specifically part of and not is that starting this week or next week next week okay this week is typescript with josh and you know what will be really cool is i felt i feel like Laura's gonna do this someday just literally you will josh how's it i can't put so we are already quite fun books i don't know you're gonna write something that i'm gonna be like let's learn about it yeah i have to write a book because it's like a rule in my family um but i'm not sure what it's gonna be yet that's okay it's i have a feeling it's gonna be something about math it could be it could be a math student a math professor uh a mathematician that you could just be the character or it could have a level oh no i don't think i'm writing any fiction it could be an autobiography you're a mathematician you math better than i do so i'm not like i'm gonna go practicing mathematician but i like tutor's idea oh teaching tech yes yes because learning with Laura has truly helped me with learning techniques this is stuff that i never learned growing up so oh i know nothing that's all stuff that i learned as an adult too yes and thank you thank you for sharing the wealth so y'all until next Monday with Laura and this week i don't have as many guests this week who do i have on the show we had a couple cancellations which is cool because that is the cool thing about streaming is oh the next guest is going to be on Friday which is with josh on type script but i will be streaming tomorrow and thursday about a couple projects i'm working on so i will be here but thank you everyone thank you i gotta go find somebody to raid too and then kill this green i always forget about that i'm like you know rating to people is just you find cool people oh while you're looking i'll say one other thing there is etiquette on mastodon which you can also find on the fettie dot tips site there are like ways that it's nice to behave on on mastodon um yeah it's different than i don't know just being a nice human there are some fairly specific things like um alt text for instance um mastodon had alt text for images like years ago whereas twitter only got it like sometime in the last maybe 18 months um there's a very strong alt text culture um cool and you like just write like oh this is a picture of you know uh like like you're you're you're maybe writing a paragraph you're not just writing like a few words about what is in the picture you're really from the story better yeah yes yes and also content warnings um are here are a big thing and they actually if you if you use content warnings that's actually like a feature not just like you type cw and then you know whatever it's it's like a button on a on a post that's cool and it will actually like it's not visible unless you click it like you opt in okay to see what's behind the content warning and there are content warnings for things that you might not expect like politics it is not polite on mastodon to talk about politics without putting it behind a content warning which i would never have into it it that's really cool i needed to be told i mean i read it nobody yelled at me but um yeah and people are nice on mastodon like they the default is that people will be kind to each other and not like snarky or mean or whatever it has a 100% different feel from twitter i was super sad about twitter and now i'm like it was good time and this is kind of a better one i dig it and on that note i'm gonna click the right now so y'all are getting ready but we have the content it will be on youtube and on that note i'm ending our stream so thank you Laura thanks Jen thanks everything
7 um oh my god okay file edit export case anybody wanted to know this is the really exciting part of it all you know what you could do that it might be a shortcut is if you go to your own twitter profile and then just right click on your avatar on twitter and save that and use that i'll bet it's already small sweet um and so here's a really good question i don't know if i can like elevate that can i oh i can um who are the admins of the mastodon servers are they private citizens or companies they are private citizens so um and they own their server and so what they say goes and so different servers have different um rules like some servers will have rules about you can't talk about Nazis on here for instance um and other other servers may not however as a group the the mastodon part of at least the mastodon part of the fediverse did actually get together a few years ago as i understand it when some some alt-right types tried to come in and like make servers and they were all just like no this is a Nazi phrasum in fact goodbye um our servers connected or is every server a closed community um okay and so this is where that that middle tab dr k c feisler one is handy repost and here um if you scroll down um she may have it oh she doesn't have it pinned dark okay but she is in a sweet or video oh it's uh oh try that the thread reader app i think um so this is a really great um not super short explainer but um the the the TLDR is imagined so like if you go to school you can be say you're a freshman in in your you're a year nine or whatever uh student and then you can join clubs and those clubs can have students from other years like you might have your 10 year 11 year 12 students all in the same club together um you do have to be a student at that school in order to be part of any of these clubs so you and the sort of analogy the the mastodon part of the analogy is like you have to have an account on a mastodon server in order to connect with people on other servers but you can connect with people on other servers you were not restricted just to the server to which you joined just as if you are a year nine student you are not allowed yet it's not the case that you are only allowed to be friends with other year nine students I think that makes sense um discord really helped me understand I think that's why it makes a bit more sense to me is because discord in discord you have to join a specific server to be a part of that like group but you can still DM people if you know their full server username yes so but but okay to my mind it is completely the inverse of discord because like when I go into discord in order to see updates I have to look in each server one at a time I'm only ever looking at one server I'm not looking at like here's everything from all of the 27 discord servers that I belong to that's mastodon oh yeah I agree I think I just don't look at each server like ever I just do my DMs to people because I'm like oh I know where to find you now um is it like IRC IRC um it was uh uh well is a chat like internet chat thing internet relay chat it might be I'm sure that this IR is internet relay and I'm not actually sure about the sea but I kind of I want it to be chat um let's uh well you explain I will google um oh yeah yeah so mastodon is federated that's why it's called the fede verse in fact because it is federated exactly um pseudo so it's really really chat I got it right um yeah so it it is kind of like that in the like federation sense um yeah oh oh all the learning yep um did you have iCQ a thousand years ago okay what's iCQ oh look there it is iCQ the little little it's it's there actually it's the one with the little green yeah you still remember your number pseudo oh that's cool I don't I don't know my iCQ I don't think I ever really I think a lot of it is also uh okay let me think what would a because this would not be like aol chat this is more no aol chat aol instant messenger would be like twitter because you had to be you had to have a like an aol account like you had to be in the aol world okay and you could not talk to people who didn't who weren't in aol world where just on twitter you can only talk to people on twitter where irc you can talk to anybody even if they don't have irc well it's because irc like iCQ is is a client that is that I think was I think it was an irc client but anyway it's like um it's it's it's if you think about like email like if you have Gmail you can email somebody who has outlook yeah when they can email you uh-huh it's not the case that you can only email people who have Gmail okay whereas with aol instant messenger you could only talk to people who were on aol instant messenger so would these be like no because chat rooms you would still have to have a like a name or account with that chat room to use it uh iCQ changed the content ownership policy at some point where everything you wrote on the platform would belong to the platform that's when a lot of people quit that totally makes sense i think i'm a little lost because i was more in chat rooms and aol then this i don't even know this was really a thing sure so so you can just think about it as like email in order to email you have to have an email client like you have to have you have to be registered on somebody's email server mm-hmm right but you can email people whose emails are on other whose email accounts are registered on other servers mm-hmm yeah okay that's what mastodon is like you have to be registered on somebody's mastodon server but you can still talk to people who are on other mastodon servers like me you and i are not on the same mastodon server and we connected and then oh that's where okay i was going in look i have it yay i just posted mine in here too and then i will post Laura's in here so y'all can go mast mastodon it up mm-hmm oh i just pasted it back to you that doesn't really help wrong you know uh there we go i would say that i've gotten a lot of knowledge drops today and this is why i absolutely love that we have our Mondays now because even though it's very very random i always learned so much yep yep so a couple more points yeah you do so just like if you're going to each email somebody you have to put like their username at their email client right right like i'm you know me at gmail or whatever yeah you can't just say like i'm going to email Laura to right it'll be like cute um same thing if you are looking for somebody who's on your server you can find them with just their username but you can't find someone on another server with just their handle it has to be the whole like that thing as servers name that's one thing that people trip over i think that's why i still related that to discord because you can't just find someone with their name you have to to friend them you have to have their server number two and that's why i're okay that's why i think i keep associating them to you is just that one sure but yeah whatever works yeah everyone has different mental models of stuff mm-hmm that is true that's that's one thing that people find confusing because like on twitter you there is only one server from that perspective so you can find somebody because you're only looking on twitter and nobody can have the same username on twitter as somebody else but just as there could be someone who has like Laura Langdon at you know Yahoo dot com and that isn't me actually that was me a million years ago but anyway um that's the same idea you can have somebody else like the same username as somebody else on a different master dawn server and that makes sense that's why you have to look you have to include the server name and hi vve and sudo asked what happens when my original server goes offline can they still log in to master master dawn you know i don't actually know but there are all kinds of fabulous master dawn explainers out there actually if you go to fedi dot tips f-e-d-i dot t-i-p-s there that website is full of answers to all of these questions fedi being short for fedaverse because of federation oh and that's one thing that people trip up on okay another thing that people trip up on is you master dawn if you search for for a word on master dawn it does not search text uh so it's not going to be searching like if you search for a python or whatever it's not going to find everybody who has posted containing has written a post containing the word python however you can search for hashtags and so people use a lot of hashtags in their posts on master dawn if they want people to be able to find them and if you don't want people to be able to find them you just don't put in hashtags and then people can't find them so it'll only be visible to like the audience that you select sweet that one i feel like that's kind of how i write my toys because i'm like sure i don't go search for but then i realize like uh square space i didn't tag them in something i just use the term square space and they actually replied to my tweet even though i didn't tag them or hashtag them but because they're looking for the word square space so okay cool i'm pretty excited about this because it's really my time to search for hashtags which means it actually has to have the hash right that like pound sign hashtag symbol um that's the other another thing that people trip over the other the third thing that people really have trouble with is signing up on mobile okay because when you when you download um mobile clients and there are different ones there are several different ones for iOS and there i think Tuske is the one that people that's the one i see that recommended the most often for android um capital t usky what's your going to say oh a lot of them say like it looks like you have to re re rejoin it'll say like join a server and you're like but i already joined a server why are you asking me to do this again you just search for the server name that you're already on and so in that in your case that's what q o t o yeah dot something dot org dot org okay and so you would search for that and it'll start like sometimes it'll start um my husband ran into this yesterday he was he's on fastodon dot org and he started typing fastodon it started off like auto populating the search results and then they all just disappeared and he was like oh okay so i guess it's not here but if you actually just press enter and like do the search then it found it got it so you do have to actually search for the server that you just joined and then you can log in and everything's like normal but those are like the three i think things that people find the most confusing that's good to know and i wrote these down so i'll include them in the youtube description and y'all we put in a hashtag teach shantak so you guys can search it later and also i'm also kind of rushing y'all because i really have to pee tm i for everybody but i'm like i drink a lot of water so i'm like let's go we are also at our time which is pretty exciting because that works out and yes as y'all heard we are just going to do as homey put manic monday or brain dump monday or this is just like a chill get get the week started with us and every other friday we will be doing learning with Laura specifically part of and not is that starting this week or next week next week okay this week is typescript with josh and you know what will be really cool is i felt i feel like Laura's gonna do this someday just literally you will josh how's it i can't put so we are already quite fun books i don't know you're gonna write something that i'm gonna be like let's learn about it yeah i have to write a book because it's like a rule in my family um but i'm not sure what it's gonna be yet that's okay it's i have a feeling it's gonna be something about math it could be it could be a math student a math professor uh a mathematician that you could just be the character or it could have a level oh no i don't think i'm writing any fiction it could be an autobiography you're a mathematician you math better than i do so i'm not like i'm gonna go practicing mathematician but i like tutor's idea oh teaching tech yes yes because learning with Laura has truly helped me with learning techniques this is stuff that i never learned growing up so oh i know nothing that's all stuff that i learned as an adult too yes and thank you thank you for sharing the wealth so y'all until next Monday with Laura and this week i don't have as many guests this week who do i have on the show we had a couple cancellations which is cool because that is the cool thing about streaming is oh the next guest is going to be on Friday which is with josh on type script but i will be streaming tomorrow and thursday about a couple projects i'm working on so i will be here but thank you everyone thank you i gotta go find somebody to raid too and then kill this green i always forget about that i'm like you know rating to people is just you find cool people oh while you're looking i'll say one other thing there is etiquette on mastodon which you can also find on the fettie dot tips site there are like ways that it's nice to behave on on mastodon um yeah it's different than i don't know just being a nice human there are some fairly specific things like um alt text for instance um mastodon had alt text for images like years ago whereas twitter only got it like sometime in the last maybe 18 months um there's a very strong alt text culture um cool and you like just write like oh this is a picture of you know uh like like you're you're you're maybe writing a paragraph you're not just writing like a few words about what is in the picture you're really from the story better yeah yes yes and also content warnings um are here are a big thing and they actually if you if you use content warnings that's actually like a feature not just like you type cw and then you know whatever it's it's like a button on a on a post that's cool and it will actually like it's not visible unless you click it like you opt in okay to see what's behind the content warning and there are content warnings for things that you might not expect like politics it is not polite on mastodon to talk about politics without putting it behind a content warning which i would never have into it it that's really cool i needed to be told i mean i read it nobody yelled at me but um yeah and people are nice on mastodon like they the default is that people will be kind to each other and not like snarky or mean or whatever it has a 100% different feel from twitter i was super sad about twitter and now i'm like it was good time and this is kind of a better one i dig it and on that note i'm gonna click the right now so y'all are getting ready but we have the content it will be on youtube and on that note i'm ending our stream so thank you Laura thanks Jen thanks everything