Hello, hello, beautiful humans. Welcome to another episode of Teach Gen Tech. Today we have Jay and homey with us. Yay. Jay, because you're on the announcement. So Jay, you get to go first. Please introduce yourself. Yeah, what's up? I'm Jay. Jay Miller, I guess That's my kettle, saying my tea is done over good there. Yeah, I'm a senior cloud advocate at Microsoft in the Python space and I am here to do JavaScript things, which is, yeah, hold on. It's going to be a while. We're using a Python honor. Yeah, Python, I think that I like that
That's my kettle, saying my tea is done over good there. Yeah, I'm a senior cloud advocate at Microsoft in the Python space and I am here to do JavaScript things, which is, yeah, hold on. It's going to be a while. We're using a Python honor. Yeah, Python, I think that I like that Python, underneath that and homey, you want to introduce yourself. Homey coder. I'm not sure is my camera working. Yeah, it is. It is. I'm like, homey's the person behind. He's everybody's homey. He is the homey behind the scenes. Do we know everything? Make a mess happen? Yeah
Python, underneath that and homey, you want to introduce yourself. Homey coder. I'm not sure is my camera working. Yeah, it is. It is. I'm like, homey's the person behind. He's everybody's homey. He is the homey behind the scenes. Do we know everything? Make a mess happen? Yeah So just learn new depth. Just got into it. A red and a gem. Love the stream. Love, help and love getting involved. Jay's awesome. So we're working on this project that they'll explain and I'm just I'm glad to be here and help out. Yeah, this is cool. Yay
So just learn new depth. Just got into it. A red and a gem. Love the stream. Love, help and love getting involved. Jay's awesome. So we're working on this project that they'll explain and I'm just I'm glad to be here and help out. Yeah, this is cool. Yay Yay. I love the humility because like homey has done the most work out of all of us so far. Like if I look at the PR records homey's just like, I'm literally looking at PR's that I I was like, oh, yeah, I was supposed to, I was supposed to go ahead and merge those. So let me do that. All right
Yay. I love the humility because like homey has done the most work out of all of us so far. Like if I look at the PR records homey's just like, I'm literally looking at PR's that I I was like, oh, yeah, I was supposed to, I was supposed to go ahead and merge those. So let me do that. All right All right. Yeah. He is a legend. He is a legend. Homey the legends. He's like whatever he homey should be. Hey, what's up, AJC? Hello, Anthony. I agree with you. And yes, we are going to talk about I feel like you should introduce it. Jay because you this is like your brainchild. That we're doing
All right. Yeah. He is a legend. He is a legend. Homey the legends. He's like whatever he homey should be. Hey, what's up, AJC? Hello, Anthony. I agree with you. And yes, we are going to talk about I feel like you should introduce it. Jay because you this is like your brainchild. That we're doing That we're doing. So you get it introduced. Yeah. So I mean, I'm I'm gonna try at least. So I created this VS code extension a while back. Oh, he's gone. I don't know what happened. I created this VS code extension that does one thing and does it really well. It adds a code of conduct to a project
That we're doing. So you get it introduced. Yeah. So I mean, I'm I'm gonna try at least. So I created this VS code extension a while back. Oh, he's gone. I don't know what happened. I created this VS code extension that does one thing and does it really well. It adds a code of conduct to a project And I shouldn't even say it does it well. It just does it. I've found some ways that I could improve it. And I plan to get to those things or maybe have other people contribute those changes. But yeah
And I shouldn't even say it does it well. It just does it. I've found some ways that I could improve it. And I plan to get to those things or maybe have other people contribute those changes. But yeah But yeah. And the whole the whole reason behind this was there's this thing that is being talked about more in open source development, which is like community and project health. And one of the best ways to gauge that off like off the jump is by looking at the GitHub community standard
But yeah. And the whole the whole reason behind this was there's this thing that is being talked about more in open source development, which is like community and project health. And one of the best ways to gauge that off like off the jump is by looking at the GitHub community standard Just that project on GitHub. If it's not on GitHub, then I mean, I think get a lab might have community standards too. But when we look at this, like the idea is is pretty simple. There's a few things that you can do
Just that project on GitHub. If it's not on GitHub, then I mean, I think get a lab might have community standards too. But when we look at this, like the idea is is pretty simple. There's a few things that you can do Like does your project have a read me? Does it have a code of conduct? Does it have a contributing document? Does have a license, a security policy issue templates, PR templates, all of those things
Like does your project have a read me? Does it have a code of conduct? Does it have a contributing document? Does have a license, a security policy issue templates, PR templates, all of those things What are the things that you can do to make your project one more accessible to newcomers as well as just to give people a sense of, okay, this is a project that care has been put into it. And I decided to donate my code of conduct at, you know, project
What are the things that you can do to make your project one more accessible to newcomers as well as just to give people a sense of, okay, this is a project that care has been put into it. And I decided to donate my code of conduct at, you know, project And hopefully we can crib another project that exists already called, you know, add a license. And then from there, use this as a way to give people a quick gauge when they open VS code, which is, you know, disclosures I work for Microsoft. We make VS code. That's a whole thing
And hopefully we can crib another project that exists already called, you know, add a license. And then from there, use this as a way to give people a quick gauge when they open VS code, which is, you know, disclosures I work for Microsoft. We make VS code. That's a whole thing But when you open up a new project in VS code or when you clone a project, the first thing you should see is the health score
But when you open up a new project in VS code or when you clone a project, the first thing you should see is the health score And that says, all right, here are some simple things that you can do to get this health score up and really start to work on building out this ecosystem that promotes better community standards across the platform and do it in a way that's easy
And that says, all right, here are some simple things that you can do to get this health score up and really start to work on building out this ecosystem that promotes better community standards across the platform and do it in a way that's easy And I'm sure homey, homey can, can talk to how difficult just adding the basics can be at times. You should do that now. It's a list, especially, especially if you weren't aware of them. There's a lot of stuff, but it's all good stuff to add
And I'm sure homey, homey can, can talk to how difficult just adding the basics can be at times. You should do that now. It's a list, especially, especially if you weren't aware of them. There's a lot of stuff, but it's all good stuff to add And it should be in every repo and it's kind of, you know, creating that standard to make sure that everybody's kind of operating on the same field. It gives you all the tools that you need to make sure that you have contributors
And it should be in every repo and it's kind of, you know, creating that standard to make sure that everybody's kind of operating on the same field. It gives you all the tools that you need to make sure that you have contributors They're contributing, according to what you set up it previously, how you want your repo to flow, keeps everybody accountable
They're contributing, according to what you set up it previously, how you want your repo to flow, keeps everybody accountable And you know, there's those that are step outside of the rules, but with these things already in place in these policies, you can deal with that swift and move on with your progress because everything's already spelled out. Every repo should have it
And you know, there's those that are step outside of the rules, but with these things already in place in these policies, you can deal with that swift and move on with your progress because everything's already spelled out. Every repo should have it You know, and it's a good practice to get in and what Jay was kind of spearing up and heading up was that everybody should have it, but it's a little bit difficult to do. And it takes a little work and research and process
You know, and it's a good practice to get in and what Jay was kind of spearing up and heading up was that everybody should have it, but it's a little bit difficult to do. And it takes a little work and research and process So we're trying to shorten that down so that, you know, every repo, even the smaller repos can have, you know, the full community standards met. Yeah. Yeah. Did know everything they said. I'm hanging out to learn how to do it
So we're trying to shorten that down so that, you know, every repo, even the smaller repos can have, you know, the full community standards met. Yeah. Yeah. Did know everything they said. I'm hanging out to learn how to do it And also, just the really cool practice of this is being able to learn how to work together on a project as more of a newbie in the dev side of things
And also, just the really cool practice of this is being able to learn how to work together on a project as more of a newbie in the dev side of things And also being able to see how, as from a newbie point of view, I'm like, I don't know how to go about this or what to do because I'm like, yes, there's like what the project is
And also being able to see how, as from a newbie point of view, I'm like, I don't know how to go about this or what to do because I'm like, yes, there's like what the project is And I know how to go find all of this and like what they're saying makes sense and go in over here to community standards. But even like security policy, adding it over here and going, okay, this is security policy got it
And I know how to go find all of this and like what they're saying makes sense and go in over here to community standards. But even like security policy, adding it over here and going, okay, this is security policy got it Okay, I can do research here, but then that's going to take up so much time and could get me like you railed from what I'm already working on. Or for example, a pull request template. It doesn't link anywhere. So, you know, trying to go, what's a pull request template? I don't know. I don't know
Okay, I can do research here, but then that's going to take up so much time and could get me like you railed from what I'm already working on. Or for example, a pull request template. It doesn't link anywhere. So, you know, trying to go, what's a pull request template? I don't know. I don't know I don't know. Go, go, go. So it's like, I love being a part of this crew to be able to do all of this. And a big part of where we were at, which by the way, you can join us and contribute. I will pace this here shortly as soon as my computer wants to load
I don't know. Go, go, go. So it's like, I love being a part of this crew to be able to do all of this. And a big part of where we were at, which by the way, you can join us and contribute. I will pace this here shortly as soon as my computer wants to load Yeah, while you're working on that, that was that was going to be one of the things that I wanted to to throw out there. And no, homie, homie's extension is actually probably more visible than mine. Mine just does one thing and then you never touch it again until the next project
Yeah, while you're working on that, that was that was going to be one of the things that I wanted to to throw out there. And no, homie, homie's extension is actually probably more visible than mine. Mine just does one thing and then you never touch it again until the next project Homie's got stuff out there that streamers can use and, you know, quickly promote what theme and stuff he's using, which is great, which I will shout that out, you know, for him
Homie's got stuff out there that streamers can use and, you know, quickly promote what theme and stuff he's using, which is great, which I will shout that out, you know, for him But we definitely want, like, this is designed to be a project that the, the people that it benefits the most get to work on
But we definitely want, like, this is designed to be a project that the, the people that it benefits the most get to work on I had a good conversation with a friend that was talking about, like, it's funny how like, people who have to deal with the most stuff tend to make things that reduce the amount of stuff that they have to deal with
I had a good conversation with a friend that was talking about, like, it's funny how like, people who have to deal with the most stuff tend to make things that reduce the amount of stuff that they have to deal with And it's like, if you're a beginner, like, we're trying to make it so that you can easily identify the projects, which also shout out to OpenSaus because I've been talking to them in the back channel and they're heavily interested in what we're doing because they want to see, like, again, it's, their whole job is making open source contributions easier for people
And it's like, if you're a beginner, like, we're trying to make it so that you can easily identify the projects, which also shout out to OpenSaus because I've been talking to them in the back channel and they're heavily interested in what we're doing because they want to see, like, again, it's, their whole job is making open source contributions easier for people And we're doing the same thing. We're making it so that like, oh, hey, anybody can just jump in and like, know that one, they're not going to get harassed. Two, if they need help, even filing an issue or submitting a PR, all that stuff is there to help them out
And we're doing the same thing. We're making it so that like, oh, hey, anybody can just jump in and like, know that one, they're not going to get harassed. Two, if they need help, even filing an issue or submitting a PR, all that stuff is there to help them out And then at the end of the day, like, you can focus, like, Jen said, on just doing the thing, like, making the changes that you want to make
And then at the end of the day, like, you can focus, like, Jen said, on just doing the thing, like, making the changes that you want to make When I thought about it, what was that? And when I, when I thought about it, Jay, when you spread this up, I was thinking about it for the last couple of days, and it's weird, right
When I thought about it, what was that? And when I, when I thought about it, Jay, when you spread this up, I was thinking about it for the last couple of days, and it's weird, right There's this shift in the tech, in tech and web development for a lot of the companies are now making big, big, big company, big products tangible for smaller organizations
There's this shift in the tech, in tech and web development for a lot of the companies are now making big, big, big company, big products tangible for smaller organizations For example, like, you know, using next JS, big, huge companies can use that. And they're bringing that down. Like, a lot of the software is coming to where, you know, a newer person can use it. And I think that's kind of where you're hitting with this
For example, like, you know, using next JS, big, huge companies can use that. And they're bringing that down. Like, a lot of the software is coming to where, you know, a newer person can use it. And I think that's kind of where you're hitting with this If I'm making sense that every project could have this without a team to do it or without somebody that's specializing in community standards, everybody, everyone has access to this in their project, you know? Yeah
If I'm making sense that every project could have this without a team to do it or without somebody that's specializing in community standards, everybody, everyone has access to this in their project, you know? Yeah That said, we have some, we had some things that we're going to try to knock out today. And I think Jen supposed to be driving and we're kind of here to pair. I don't know. I just wanted to, I, well, I'll ask the two of you, which you can say no
That said, we have some, we had some things that we're going to try to knock out today. And I think Jen supposed to be driving and we're kind of here to pair. I don't know. I just wanted to, I, well, I'll ask the two of you, which you can say no Do you mind if I share a bit about our chat? Because I want to show people where I was really getting stuck and how Jay explained it and then how I'm still stuck. And I think a lot of it, this is a big reason I can struggle with getting these projects done
Do you mind if I share a bit about our chat? Because I want to show people where I was really getting stuck and how Jay explained it and then how I'm still stuck. And I think a lot of it, this is a big reason I can struggle with getting these projects done This is something that I've been dealing with on a regular. So it's not just something that is like code specific. This is me dealing with my own neurodiversity's when things don't click. And this is big reason I'm going to share this part as well. So cool
This is something that I've been dealing with on a regular. So it's not just something that is like code specific. This is me dealing with my own neurodiversity's when things don't click. And this is big reason I'm going to share this part as well. So cool So cool. I get that I want to go to issues and I want to like, you know, add, um, and I was looking at this one, which was at at a templates folder. And I, I asked the team about it
So cool. I get that I want to go to issues and I want to like, you know, add, um, and I was looking at this one, which was at at a templates folder. And I, I asked the team about it And I was like, yo, guys, like, what is the next stuff? Like, how do I go look at this? And we were talking about doing that. What is it called again? Now I have to look when it's called working with octa kits. Yeah, octa kit. And so I was like, okay, cool
And I was like, yo, guys, like, what is the next stuff? Like, how do I go look at this? And we were talking about doing that. What is it called again? Now I have to look when it's called working with octa kits. Yeah, octa kit. And so I was like, okay, cool Um, what do I do? Because it was making sense. And as I said, I will share this one part with us. Um, is I was like, do I build an app and then put it in octa kit with it? And so day was very kind and was like, hey, here are the steps
Um, what do I do? Because it was making sense. And as I said, I will share this one part with us. Um, is I was like, do I build an app and then put it in octa kit with it? And so day was very kind and was like, hey, here are the steps And even reading the steps, I'm going, but wait, my head is saying like, your steps make sense. They do. I just don't know how to do it. And this is really where I struggled. So, and that's that's kind of I mean, that's just the nature of it
And even reading the steps, I'm going, but wait, my head is saying like, your steps make sense. They do. I just don't know how to do it. And this is really where I struggled. So, and that's that's kind of I mean, that's just the nature of it Um, in, in some cases, because we're still in that planning stage, like the only code that we have is code already existed
Um, in, in some cases, because we're still in that planning stage, like the only code that we have is code already existed Um, but one of the things that I wanted to do was, you know, come together and figure out, and I think I even put it in a comment, like, right up a, like before that of like, hey, we're not even sure how we're going to go about some of these things
Um, but one of the things that I wanted to do was, you know, come together and figure out, and I think I even put it in a comment, like, right up a, like before that of like, hey, we're not even sure how we're going to go about some of these things So what we, what we kind of need to work on first and foremost is like, one, let's just figure out how we want to present this information
So what we, what we kind of need to work on first and foremost is like, one, let's just figure out how we want to present this information And one of those, one of those things was like, you know, ad code of conduct, the way that that works is it is completely divorced from GitHub's API, which is, you know, there's David JavaScript, you know, rapper called octokit. Um, this doesn't use that at all. And that's, that was intentional
And one of those, one of those things was like, you know, ad code of conduct, the way that that works is it is completely divorced from GitHub's API, which is, you know, there's David JavaScript, you know, rapper called octokit. Um, this doesn't use that at all. And that's, that was intentional That was so that I could ensure that anyone could add the license of their choosing. And even then, there's like thoughts that I'm having like, we may not even want to go down that road or I may want to pivot from that road of saying just like the components
That was so that I could ensure that anyone could add the license of their choosing. And even then, there's like thoughts that I'm having like, we may not even want to go down that road or I may want to pivot from that road of saying just like the components Um, homie has been doing a lot of work in terms of like adding like security.md files and stuff like that
Um, homie has been doing a lot of work in terms of like adding like security.md files and stuff like that And one of the biggest challenges there has been like, what do we need for those specific like files? Because if you just copy what GitHub has, they worry about bug bounties and like all this other stuff and most developers are not going to need to worry about that starting out
And one of the biggest challenges there has been like, what do we need for those specific like files? Because if you just copy what GitHub has, they worry about bug bounties and like all this other stuff and most developers are not going to need to worry about that starting out So like, how do we, how do we like balance that? And right now, what I think what I was trying to get across was, can we first start with let's identify what exists and what's missing
So like, how do we, how do we like balance that? And right now, what I think what I was trying to get across was, can we first start with let's identify what exists and what's missing And that was where kind of those comments came in of like, for that octokit, there's already, that works already done. We just need to access it
And that was where kind of those comments came in of like, for that octokit, there's already, that works already done. We just need to access it So what I was hoping we could do is just get into a scratch project that is like, nothing of importance is like, we're just going to build some stuff and then make it, you know, if we get it working, then we can take what we've learned and then apply that to our extensions
So what I was hoping we could do is just get into a scratch project that is like, nothing of importance is like, we're just going to build some stuff and then make it, you know, if we get it working, then we can take what we've learned and then apply that to our extensions And again, that totally does make sense. And thank you again for the explanation
And again, that totally does make sense. And thank you again for the explanation When people are sitting and let's start a scratch project, I think that's where I might be getting lost of like, throwaway project project that at the end of the day means absolutely nothing and we're only using it to learn how to do the things that we're going to do
When people are sitting and let's start a scratch project, I think that's where I might be getting lost of like, throwaway project project that at the end of the day means absolutely nothing and we're only using it to learn how to do the things that we're going to do And then later on, we'll worry about getting that incorporated into the the extensions. So this is just a blank folder where we're all starting from zero, but we're doing it together. Okay, so I think that sounds weird, but so blank folder within our repo or not even in GitHub on your screen
And then later on, we'll worry about getting that incorporated into the the extensions. So this is just a blank folder where we're all starting from zero, but we're doing it together. Okay, so I think that sounds weird, but so blank folder within our repo or not even in GitHub on your screen If we all, if we want to do the same thing along with you, we can do it with you, but at the end of the day, no one, this does not exist. This project does not exist. Okay
If we all, if we want to do the same thing along with you, we can do it with you, but at the end of the day, no one, this does not exist. This project does not exist. Okay Okay. And I think that's a big part where I was getting lost because I was like, I skipped steps and it's so frustrating that I'm like, but it doesn't make sense. All right
Okay. And I think that's a big part where I was getting lost because I was like, I skipped steps and it's so frustrating that I'm like, but it doesn't make sense. All right All right. So if I'm making a scratch project, I'm basically going to VS Code and starting a new project and starting from there, right? Okay. Oh, Krida, yeah. Let's just jump into a window and we'll walk through it. All right. So let's go to VS Code. Maybe. I don't know where it is
All right. So if I'm making a scratch project, I'm basically going to VS Code and starting a new project and starting from there, right? Okay. Oh, Krida, yeah. Let's just jump into a window and we'll walk through it. All right. So let's go to VS Code. Maybe. I don't know where it is I always get the icon. I always lose the icon. I don't know how, but I do. It happens. Yeah, I'll do it. No, I want to do a file. You you will want to create a folder, but that's yeah, I mean, you can just do like new file and then create a new folder in that file or whatever
I always get the icon. I always lose the icon. I don't know how, but I do. It happens. Yeah, I'll do it. No, I want to do a file. You you will want to create a folder, but that's yeah, I mean, you can just do like new file and then create a new folder in that file or whatever Like I'm not used to doing it from this. I'm just call it like OctaKit Learn or something like that. It does. That's how I'm how you spell it, y'all. That's how we're going to do it today. Project doesn't exist. So it's it's perfectly fine
Like I'm not used to doing it from this. I'm just call it like OctaKit Learn or something like that. It does. That's how I'm how you spell it, y'all. That's how we're going to do it today. Project doesn't exist. So it's it's perfectly fine And I do find this oddly awkward because so many people are going to be like, yeah, Jen, this totally makes sense. And I'm like, no, it's not. It makes sense on doing even these like very, very basic things
And I do find this oddly awkward because so many people are going to be like, yeah, Jen, this totally makes sense. And I'm like, no, it's not. It makes sense on doing even these like very, very basic things And I need one to call out that a, I don't know if it's just a methane or an ADHD thing because executive dysfunction also talks about organization. And organization is at least for myself, it'll show up where somebody's giving me these steps or there are steps and it's just not making sense
And I need one to call out that a, I don't know if it's just a methane or an ADHD thing because executive dysfunction also talks about organization. And organization is at least for myself, it'll show up where somebody's giving me these steps or there are steps and it's just not making sense So the main reason that I'm really excited that we're doing this together because you are one of the most patient teachers I've ever met. All right, I'm creating a new folder file and don't even need to do that. Oh sweet. Okay. Let's open up the terminal in there
So the main reason that I'm really excited that we're doing this together because you are one of the most patient teachers I've ever met. All right, I'm creating a new folder file and don't even need to do that. Oh sweet. Okay. Let's open up the terminal in there And then we're going to, so the first thing that you do with it, you know, most JavaScript projects that you're going to want to work with is install what you need. You can do MPN, NPM and net, but we're not even going to do that
And then we're going to, so the first thing that you do with it, you know, most JavaScript projects that you're going to want to work with is install what you need. You can do MPN, NPM and net, but we're not even going to do that We're just going to NPM install are like, is it octokit? Is that is out of it? Is octokit.js? Again, I don't do, I don't do JavaScript like that. So I want to say, not that I can spell, but it's octokit. As I will put this in the chat as well
We're just going to NPM install are like, is it octokit? Is that is out of it? Is octokit.js? Again, I don't do, I don't do JavaScript like that. So I want to say, not that I can spell, but it's octokit. As I will put this in the chat as well And yes, I could go through this, but I can probably just do install and Google it. Yeah, I get it. All right. I'm panning. Why do I feel like I'm just like not doing this stuff? So we know that octokit exists now, so we can just do NPM install octokit
And yes, I could go through this, but I can probably just do install and Google it. Yeah, I get it. All right. I'm panning. Why do I feel like I'm just like not doing this stuff? So we know that octokit exists now, so we can just do NPM install octokit And that's just how, how do you see that that was just with the octokit? Or is it just like putting two and two together that, oh, it's probably NPM octokit, install octokit or..
And that's just how, how do you see that that was just with the octokit? Or is it just like putting two and two together that, oh, it's probably NPM octokit, install octokit or.... So NPM install is always going to be the way, I mean, unless you're using something like yarn, which there's another one. I tend to just default to NPM because that's what I was taught. I know some things are yarn. I think when we go to, I think it's oc. If that installs something, yeah
.. So NPM install is always going to be the way, I mean, unless you're using something like yarn, which there's another one. I tend to just default to NPM because that's what I was taught. I know some things are yarn. I think when we go to, I think it's oc. If that installs something, yeah I was oc.t. oh kit. But I know when we go to the actual VS, like the actual VS codeon stick extension, it's going to be yarn. I mean, if we want to do yarn install octokit, like we can. I don't, I don't think it matters. Like again, this is a throwaway project. So at the end of the day, like..
I was oc.t. oh kit. But I know when we go to the actual VS, like the actual VS codeon stick extension, it's going to be yarn. I mean, if we want to do yarn install octokit, like we can. I don't, I don't think it matters. Like again, this is a throwaway project. So at the end of the day, like.... Okay, cool. Package was installed. Can you just type in node? I think that's what you do. Yep. So now, let's do... How do I use this? I can do the share, the live share. Yeah. I don't know if it's going to give you a link you probably shouldn't share that publicly. Okay. Well, I will do that
.. Okay, cool. Package was installed. Can you just type in node? I think that's what you do. Yep. So now, let's do... How do I use this? I can do the share, the live share. Yeah. I don't know if it's going to give you a link you probably shouldn't share that publicly. Okay. Well, I will do that I mean, that's a good call. We'll just do this. Then nobody can see it. Yeah. There you go. Let me authorize some stuff really. I love how it like makes you log in to just be able to do that
I mean, that's a good call. We'll just do this. Then nobody can see it. Yeah. There you go. Let me authorize some stuff really. I love how it like makes you log in to just be able to do that I'm like, I've used it with the, you know, GitHub before, but nope, we got to reauthorize everything, which is fun. See you. Bye. Why is it asking for app? That's interesting. Oh, because I think it's all TypeScript stuff, which is... That'll be fun
I'm like, I've used it with the, you know, GitHub before, but nope, we got to reauthorize everything, which is fun. See you. Bye. Why is it asking for app? That's interesting. Oh, because I think it's all TypeScript stuff, which is... That'll be fun.. That'll be fun. And the reason I didn't want to just like look at what some other projects are doing, because I mean, there are other people that are using OctoKit. Problem that I have with that is my TypeScript is very limited
.. That'll be fun. And the reason I didn't want to just like look at what some other projects are doing, because I mean, there are other people that are using OctoKit. Problem that I have with that is my TypeScript is very limited And what I've learned is that a lot of the stuff that people do always like throws me off. So I'm just like, I don't know what we're doing here. And then like, at the end of the day, I'm like, this was a way. So it's good to just learn it together. I did that. And I just sent you the link
And what I've learned is that a lot of the stuff that people do always like throws me off. So I'm just like, I don't know what we're doing here. And then like, at the end of the day, I'm like, this was a way. So it's good to just learn it together. I did that. And I just sent you the link So, and then also, the other reason why we are doing this is because we're going to have Josh on on every other Friday, viewing TypeScript. So this is the project that I can actually work on while I'm learning TypeScript too. Awesome. I did not get a link if you sent it
So, and then also, the other reason why we are doing this is because we're going to have Josh on on every other Friday, viewing TypeScript. So this is the project that I can actually work on while I'm learning TypeScript too. Awesome. I did not get a link if you sent it Oh, did you sent it in private? That's probably why. I like to make a group call. The what up, Ryan? Now I'm trying to figure out how I can do the live share. Oh, join. There we go. There we go. I think I'm there. All right. So I'm going to I'm going to throw a small curve ball here
Oh, did you sent it in private? That's probably why. I like to make a group call. The what up, Ryan? Now I'm trying to figure out how I can do the live share. Oh, join. There we go. There we go. I think I'm there. All right. So I'm going to I'm going to throw a small curve ball here Okay, you're blind. I can't. Can I see your terminal window? Maybe. I don't know. I can see. Are you typing in that window? Can you do like LS really quick? Oh, wait, what? LS is not defined? Oh, because you're still in node. That's that's fine. That's fine. Okay, no, that's perfect
Okay, you're blind. I can't. Can I see your terminal window? Maybe. I don't know. I can see. Are you typing in that window? Can you do like LS really quick? Oh, wait, what? LS is not defined? Oh, because you're still in node. That's that's fine. That's fine. Okay, no, that's perfect I can see what you're typing. All right. I'm not going to see if I pick my nose or something. I'm sorry. I'm not staring at the camera. Such as life. That's kind of what like I've realized. I'm just like, you know what? I may do awkward stuff streaming. Exactly. They see it. Yeah, what it is
I can see what you're typing. All right. I'm not going to see if I pick my nose or something. I'm sorry. I'm not staring at the camera. Such as life. That's kind of what like I've realized. I'm just like, you know what? I may do awkward stuff streaming. Exactly. They see it. Yeah, what it is Yeah, what it is. So what we what we're trying to get to is the rest, get hubs rest API for community standards, which I think I shared in Discord once upon a time. And it was it's not an easy reach. They made it relatively complicated. Where is that? Oh, here it is. I'm going to send it
Yeah, what it is. So what we what we're trying to get to is the rest, get hubs rest API for community standards, which I think I shared in Discord once upon a time. And it was it's not an easy reach. They made it relatively complicated. Where is that? Oh, here it is. I'm going to send it I'm going to just throw it in the chat. And I'm probably going to get flagged because it's going to be like stop spamming because it literally looks like spam. Oh, yeah. Oh, I can't I can't respond in the chat. Okay. Well, I'm going to just respond in the private chat
I'm going to just throw it in the chat. And I'm probably going to get flagged because it's going to be like stop spamming because it literally looks like spam. Oh, yeah. Oh, I can't I can't respond in the chat. Okay. Well, I'm going to just respond in the private chat Then you should be able to know he needs to be on Twitch. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um, like, doesn't let everybody else rely on that. Which is fine. Throw that out. Yeah, it's I mean, I just need to get repose owner repo community profile like that part of it
Then you should be able to know he needs to be on Twitch. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um, like, doesn't let everybody else rely on that. Which is fine. Throw that out. Yeah, it's I mean, I just need to get repose owner repo community profile like that part of it But basically if if we go into a web browser or if you want to even just do it in the terminal, you'd need to get out of out of this. Well, you're going to need to exit first. Yeah. You could also do that. Yeah. Okay. No. Just just type in exit. Uh, X uh, control C control C. Yeah, control C
But basically if if we go into a web browser or if you want to even just do it in the terminal, you'd need to get out of out of this. Well, you're going to need to exit first. Yeah. You could also do that. Yeah. Okay. No. Just just type in exit. Uh, X uh, control C control C. Yeah, control C Yeah, control C. Control C again. There we go. Dot exit. See, this tells you exactly how much JavaScript I do is I can't even quit JavaScript. I can quit them. I can't quit JavaScript. I've never had it. Okay. Yes. Okay. Based. Well, that's definitely not going to work
Yeah, control C. Control C again. There we go. Dot exit. See, this tells you exactly how much JavaScript I do is I can't even quit JavaScript. I can quit them. I can't quit JavaScript. I've never had it. Okay. Yes. Okay. Based. Well, that's definitely not going to work Um, I'm like, I didn't think so, but I'm like, that's not at all. You know, the cool things today. So. But you can curl it. You can do curl, um, yeah, type in curl. And then just the, do I was it HTTPS, colon backslash backslash, yeah, the whole thing API dot github dot com
Um, I'm like, I didn't think so, but I'm like, that's not at all. You know, the cool things today. So. But you can curl it. You can do curl, um, yeah, type in curl. And then just the, do I was it HTTPS, colon backslash backslash, yeah, the whole thing API dot github dot com And then just that last part there, the repo's owner repo community profile. And we're going to, we're going to change a couple of things here. So we're going to keep. Oh, yes. Sorry. Thanks Anthony. Thanks. Anthony pushed up his glasses and said, well, actually on me. I don't know
And then just that last part there, the repo's owner repo community profile. And we're going to, we're going to change a couple of things here. So we're going to keep. Oh, yes. Sorry. Thanks Anthony. Thanks. Anthony pushed up his glasses and said, well, actually on me. I don't know I don't know. I don't know what, I don't know what slashes they are. They are the slashes. Whatever slashes we need. Exactly. So instead of owner, what we want to do is let's do, let's do ours. So that is, uh, was it github community standards? I think that's all dashes. Yeah, those are all dashes
I don't know. I don't know what, I don't know what slashes they are. They are the slashes. Whatever slashes we need. Exactly. So instead of owner, what we want to do is let's do, let's do ours. So that is, uh, was it github community standards? I think that's all dashes. Yeah, those are all dashes So and then we're going to do, let's just do our actual project, which is also github community standards dashes. Um, and let's just hit enter there and see what we get. Yeah. So we're going to get a bunch of information here
So and then we're going to do, let's just do our actual project, which is also github community standards dashes. Um, and let's just hit enter there and see what we get. Yeah. So we're going to get a bunch of information here If you scroll up, you're going to get like, you know, all this information that's available to us. This is not what we're going to use. This is just the opening to what we're going to use. So now, let's just hit up on that. We got it to grow back. Yeah, let's go back down to where to see it
If you scroll up, you're going to get like, you know, all this information that's available to us. This is not what we're going to use. This is just the opening to what we're going to use. So now, let's just hit up on that. We got it to grow back. Yeah, let's go back down to where to see it All right. Now, let's add another forward slash for the people in the room. Um, then we'll do community dash profile and then hit enter. I'm sorry, I said dash. Sorry, it's community forward slash profile. And then let's say enter there. Then what we should get is some different information
All right. Now, let's add another forward slash for the people in the room. Um, then we'll do community dash profile and then hit enter. I'm sorry, I said dash. Sorry, it's community forward slash profile. And then let's say enter there. Then what we should get is some different information We scroll up here. And this is, this is what we're looking for. So that health percentage score, that is, that is what our community health is. And then we can go in and see like what we're missing. So we have a code of conduct
We scroll up here. And this is, this is what we're looking for. So that health percentage score, that is, that is what our community health is. And then we can go in and see like what we're missing. So we have a code of conduct The code of conduct is a contributor covenant, which is kind of funny because, sure, I mean, it is, but it's also not because, you know, we customized it, but sure, whatever. Um, code of conduct file, we have a path to that file. Scroll down. All right. And here's the, here's the fun stuff
The code of conduct is a contributor covenant, which is kind of funny because, sure, I mean, it is, but it's also not because, you know, we customized it, but sure, whatever. Um, code of conduct file, we have a path to that file. Scroll down. All right. And here's the, here's the fun stuff So like, we have a license. We don't have a contributing document. We don't have an issue template. We don't have a pull request template. And that's, that's what all those no's are
So like, we have a license. We don't have a contributing document. We don't have an issue template. We don't have a pull request template. And that's, that's what all those no's are So what we want to be able to do is we want to be able to build a JavaScript thing that basically takes us here and tells us what we want to know. And then we'll work, we'll back work our way into putting this into a VS code extension. Makes sense. Yeah. I'm following. I'm following
So what we want to be able to do is we want to be able to build a JavaScript thing that basically takes us here and tells us what we want to know. And then we'll work, we'll back work our way into putting this into a VS code extension. Makes sense. Yeah. I'm following. I'm following I'm following. So this is where we create a new file. So, and I'm pretty sure this is all typescript. So we, well, I think we can just do JavaScript, right? Let's just do JavaScript. We'll see what happens. We'll be adventurous. We might break stuff
I'm following. So this is where we create a new file. So, and I'm pretty sure this is all typescript. So we, well, I think we can just do JavaScript, right? Let's just do JavaScript. We'll see what happens. We'll be adventurous. We might break stuff Are we just going to do an index to start or whatever, you know, just call it whatever index.js. That's fine. It could be app.js main.js anything.js. Anything.js. All of the things. All the JS. The first thing we'll need to do is we'll need to import octake. Now, this is, this is the challenges
Are we just going to do an index to start or whatever, you know, just call it whatever index.js. That's fine. It could be app.js main.js anything.js. Anything.js. All of the things. All the JS. The first thing we'll need to do is we'll need to import octake. Now, this is, this is the challenges We got to figure out where in octake, we need to import. We don't need to import all of octake. We need to just import like the part that we want. Which is. So I have octake open over here. Yeah. And octake dot rest in point. I mean, I guess we could just import all of octake
We got to figure out where in octake, we need to import. We don't need to import all of octake. We need to just import like the part that we want. Which is. So I have octake open over here. Yeah. And octake dot rest in point. I mean, I guess we could just import all of octake That would be a problem. Wasn't necessarily what I was thinking. So that would be. Was it import octake from an octake is the actual class as well. So it's going to be, let me see where you're at. Where's your screen here? Yeah. It's going to be like import octake
That would be a problem. Wasn't necessarily what I was thinking. So that would be. Was it import octake from an octake is the actual class as well. So it's going to be, let me see where you're at. Where's your screen here? Yeah. It's going to be like import octake Oh, can I type? Is that is that showing up? That's showing up. Yeah. Boom. Look at that. So import octake from octake. And then let's just do console log. Um, octake. Rest. Oh, yeah. Well, we'd have to do. Do you have to instantiate a new. Yep. So then you got to create a new octake
Oh, can I type? Is that is that showing up? That's showing up. Yeah. Boom. Look at that. So import octake from octake. And then let's just do console log. Um, octake. Rest. Oh, yeah. Well, we'd have to do. Do you have to instantiate a new. Yep. So then you got to create a new octake Is that an app or? Let's see where you're at. You're in there. Um, I'm gonna go past that. Yeah. Go to usage. Load octake. Oh, we're gonna skip the CDN stuff because we already did that. Octake.net. Octake API client. Standalone minimal is octake core
Is that an app or? Let's see where you're at. You're in there. Um, I'm gonna go past that. Yeah. Go to usage. Load octake. Oh, we're gonna skip the CDN stuff because we already did that. Octake.net. Octake API client. Standalone minimal is octake core Octake client can be used as in requests and queries. Okay. So yeah, just new octake. And I don't think we need to pass any authentication. So. Octake. Or just do that. And then let's just console log that and see what see what happens. And then just to make sure I remember correctly. Okay
Octake client can be used as in requests and queries. Okay. So yeah, just new octake. And I don't think we need to pass any authentication. So. Octake. Or just do that. And then let's just console log that and see what see what happens. And then just to make sure I remember correctly. Okay Okay. You are. I just can't see it because it's not all the way there. Okay. Cool. And then we will just do run on this. Now I don't remember. I'm not remembering this. Well, let's you run it. Directly. I don't remember. Oh, that's for like reactant stuff
Okay. You are. I just can't see it because it's not all the way there. Okay. Cool. And then we will just do run on this. Now I don't remember. I'm not remembering this. Well, let's you run it. Directly. I don't remember. Oh, that's for like reactant stuff I think if you just do like, can you just do like node stuff like node and then the name of the file like node index. Oh, yeah. To yes. I mean, that could be wrong. I don't. I don't JS like that. I did that in Tweety Tag. So yes. Yes
I think if you just do like, can you just do like node stuff like node and then the name of the file like node index. Oh, yeah. To yes. I mean, that could be wrong. I don't. I don't JS like that. I did that in Tweety Tag. So yes. Yes So yes. Yes. Can I use import statement outside of a module? What? No idea what that means. Is it just yelling that I? Oh, oh, me. You're joining and leaving us. So my guess is that it's yelling about something in here
So yes. Yes. Can I use import statement outside of a module? What? No idea what that means. Is it just yelling that I? Oh, oh, me. You're joining and leaving us. So my guess is that it's yelling about something in here Do we need like NPM like in it or something like this just to make sure that everything is. I'm going to just Google it because why not? Yeah. In the nearest package.json. Let's see. Oh, we have to have a package.json in here. I'm pretty sure. Yeah. Oh, no, didn't you want to do NPM and that? Yeah
Do we need like NPM like in it or something like this just to make sure that everything is. I'm going to just Google it because why not? Yeah. In the nearest package.json. Let's see. Oh, we have to have a package.json in here. I'm pretty sure. Yeah. Oh, no, didn't you want to do NPM and that? Yeah Oh, yeah, to get it. Okay. I see. So yes, then no. Yes, and no. Yes, we need the j of package.json. But no, we need to do it with the NPM in it. Okay. The classic British developer joke. Favorite packaging manager for all Brits NPM in it. Just inner, inner, inner. It's fine
Oh, yeah, to get it. Okay. I see. So yes, then no. Yes, and no. Yes, we need the j of package.json. But no, we need to do it with the NPM in it. Okay. The classic British developer joke. Favorite packaging manager for all Brits NPM in it. Just inner, inner, inner. It's fine It's fine. Again, we're throwing this away. It doesn't, it doesn't need to be anything great. Perfect. All right. So now let's try it. And let's save. I click save now. So. Oh, you don't have auto save? I haven't gone through and said all of this up
It's fine. Again, we're throwing this away. It doesn't, it doesn't need to be anything great. Perfect. All right. So now let's try it. And let's save. I click save now. So. Oh, you don't have auto save? I haven't gone through and said all of this up Maybe that's what I should do during your stream next week. Like the official stream. Yeah. Oh, no, hit hit command or control C command C. I did up up one more. There we go. There we go. Okay. See, we did that though. We did the NPM in it. First install, save. Do
Maybe that's what I should do during your stream next week. Like the official stream. Yeah. Oh, no, hit hit command or control C command C. I did up up one more. There we go. There we go. Okay. See, we did that though. We did the NPM in it. First install, save. Do Do. Is it because we're not doing like NPM starter something? Oh, do we need to throw a script in there? Package type module. You just need to add package type module to it in the package.json. Try it now. Just. Oh, hey. Sweet. All right
Do. Is it because we're not doing like NPM starter something? Oh, do we need to throw a script in there? Package type module. You just need to add package type module to it in the package.json. Try it now. Just. Oh, hey. Sweet. All right Sweet. All right. So probably shouldn't have done a like, let's just load everything up. That probably didn't like that very much. So now I'm going to stop typing. I'm going to take my hands off the keyboard. I'm going to let J and R or homie type in index.js. Let's go check that out
Sweet. All right. So probably shouldn't have done a like, let's just load everything up. That probably didn't like that very much. So now I'm going to stop typing. I'm going to take my hands off the keyboard. I'm going to let J and R or homie type in index.js. Let's go check that out So the way that the way that octaqit works is you can actually access the API the same way that you would the URL except for instead of the slashes, they're like endpoints. So what we need to do is we need to figure out what is the rest API call for where we're trying to go
So the way that the way that octaqit works is you can actually access the API the same way that you would the URL except for instead of the slashes, they're like endpoints. So what we need to do is we need to figure out what is the rest API call for where we're trying to go And if we look at the repo, there's a couple of ways that they do it. There's like, you can just do like an actual request and just say, like, give me this information, which I don't really think that that's fun. I think there's probably a better way to do it, which is where are you? Source index
And if we look at the repo, there's a couple of ways that they do it. There's like, you can just do like an actual request and just say, like, give me this information, which I don't really think that that's fun. I think there's probably a better way to do it, which is where are you? Source index That's confusing. I'm going to just get away from that. Let's see what the choose a license did. API index, octaqit slash arrest. And then they just do new octaqit, get configuration license, get string token. Then they do some weird promise stuff. That's not it. Oh, so they do octaqit.rest
That's confusing. I'm going to just get away from that. Let's see what the choose a license did. API index, octaqit slash arrest. And then they just do new octaqit, get configuration license, get string token. Then they do some weird promise stuff. That's not it. Oh, so they do octaqit.restrest.licenses.kit. So my guess is that we can probably do something like octaqit.rest.orgs. Full of I feel yeah, I feel like we could do an entire book. And thank you for joining. Yes, Jay, Jay, what were we going to talk about next week? Because next week with planned this week wasn't
rest.licenses.kit. So my guess is that we can probably do something like octaqit.rest.orgs. Full of I feel yeah, I feel like we could do an entire book. And thank you for joining. Yes, Jay, Jay, what were we going to talk about next week? Because next week with planned this week wasn't Um, that could next week. I think we're just doing some VS code like, hey, let's make our VS code stuff more. Yeah, because I haven't like done my VS code. It's still out of the box. Yeah. And I am excited because I feel like I need to use the new thing manager and look at this stuff next week
Um, that could next week. I think we're just doing some VS code like, hey, let's make our VS code stuff more. Yeah, because I haven't like done my VS code. It's still out of the box. Yeah. And I am excited because I feel like I need to use the new thing manager and look at this stuff next week Oh, did you find the can you scroll up a little bit? Interesting. Okay, endpoint methods. That's what we're trying to do. We're trying to find the endpoint method. Let's go up a little bit. Or sorry, scroll down a little bit, by the way
Oh, did you find the can you scroll up a little bit? Interesting. Okay, endpoint methods. That's what we're trying to do. We're trying to find the endpoint method. Let's go up a little bit. Or sorry, scroll down a little bit, by the way So yeah, now we got to figure out what the actual thing is called, which is going to be fun. I'll see endpoint method, rest endpoint methods for full details. Can you just click on that link? I'm sure that's a link. I hope that's a link. If it's not a link, then they they failed us
So yeah, now we got to figure out what the actual thing is called, which is going to be fun. I'll see endpoint method, rest endpoint methods for full details. Can you just click on that link? I'm sure that's a link. I hope that's a link. If it's not a link, then they they failed us Where says octaqit plug in rest endpoint methods and it's in blue. Oh, thank you. I'm like, oh, I hate this. No, I want you to go into a new tab. Sorry. I You're okay. Yeah, I let a lot of them. I'm like, why can't it just? There we go. Yeah
Where says octaqit plug in rest endpoint methods and it's in blue. Oh, thank you. I'm like, oh, I hate this. No, I want you to go into a new tab. Sorry. I You're okay. Yeah, I let a lot of them. I'm like, why can't it just? There we go. Yeah Yeah. And the nice thing about this is that the way that they do this is they use like, it's like an open AI thing. So like they create an endpoint for every single endpoint that exists. And it's all like built in. Okay, cool. So they just shows us how we can use this
Yeah. And the nice thing about this is that the way that they do this is they use like, it's like an open AI thing. So like they create an endpoint for every single endpoint that exists. And it's all like built in. Okay, cool. So they just shows us how we can use this I don't think we need to actually mess with any of this stuff. We just need to figure out what we're looking for in here. But you may want to bookmark this page because if they're talking about how to use stuff in TypeScript, we're probably going to need, we'll need this again in the future
I don't think we need to actually mess with any of this stuff. We just need to figure out what we're looking for in here. But you may want to bookmark this page because if they're talking about how to use stuff in TypeScript, we're probably going to need, we'll need this again in the future Um, you'll get your own folder, GitHub community standards. I like it. BCS. Yay. Which we will call this. I don't know. We'll just leave it to what it's called. That works. And I should probably do it for this one too. Just to make sure I got it. Okay, cool. Yeah. Wow. This one. All right
Um, you'll get your own folder, GitHub community standards. I like it. BCS. Yay. Which we will call this. I don't know. We'll just leave it to what it's called. That works. And I should probably do it for this one too. Just to make sure I got it. Okay, cool. Yeah. Wow. This one. All right All right. Um, in order to get types beyond parameters and responses, open AI types, direct translation of the official open AI spec, uh, go up. Okay. So let's check out that link there. All the endpoint methods are documented in the docs folder. So let's just go to the docs folder
All right. Um, in order to get types beyond parameters and responses, open AI types, direct translation of the official open AI spec, uh, go up. Okay. So let's check out that link there. All the endpoint methods are documented in the docs folder. So let's just go to the docs folder See what we got in there. All right. Scroll down. I love how there's really like codes of conduct there. It's just like sitting there staring at us. But that's not what we're looking for. We are looking probably for um, repos. It would be my guess. All right. I'm just making sure I go to the end
See what we got in there. All right. Scroll down. I love how there's really like codes of conduct there. It's just like sitting there staring at us. But that's not what we're looking for. We are looking probably for um, repos. It would be my guess. All right. I'm just making sure I go to the end Yes. So out of all of those repos is probably closest. Um, hmm. Okay. Or wait, what was the, uh, what was the URL? You keep looking community profile. There wasn't a community one in there. Was there? This is why I don't like when they don't like open a new tab. Okay
Yes. So out of all of those repos is probably closest. Um, hmm. Okay. Or wait, what was the, uh, what was the URL? You keep looking community profile. There wasn't a community one in there. Was there? This is why I don't like when they don't like open a new tab. Okay Okay. So is there a community one in here? Let's just do command find and type community or command F community. Oh, I'm, I'm hitting control F and it's not control F. I think anybody wanted to know on a map. It's command F. It's not what I'm typing. Get community profile metrics. Boom. All right
Okay. So is there a community one in here? Let's just do command find and type community or command F community. Oh, I'm, I'm hitting control F and it's not control F. I think anybody wanted to know on a map. It's command F. It's not what I'm typing. Get community profile metrics. Boom. All right Boom. All right. Uh, yeah. Let's just click on that and see what it tells us. Definitely will want to bookmark this one. Okay. Octo, boom. That's perfect. This is exactly what we need this example here. Just copy that, paste that in. Yeah. Where are you seeing ones unsaved? It just clicks save
Boom. All right. Uh, yeah. Let's just click on that and see what it tells us. Definitely will want to bookmark this one. Okay. Octo, boom. That's perfect. This is exactly what we need this example here. Just copy that, paste that in. Yeah. Where are you seeing ones unsaved? It just clicks save Let's maybe add in it. Um, let's get rid of that console log. We don't want that printing again. That's, that's not necessary. Um, okay. And then, but we do want to console log this, this output. So let's, let's do like a const of that API call. So we just call it a request or something or API
Let's maybe add in it. Um, let's get rid of that console log. We don't want that printing again. That's, that's not necessary. Um, okay. And then, but we do want to console log this, this output. So let's, let's do like a const of that API call. So we just call it a request or something or API It doesn't matter. I get we're not plugging this into anything. Love it. Uh, and then what I call it, do that. Yep. Okay. And then console log. I'm just going to clean this up a little bit for you. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Good call. Good call. Okay. And then console log API request
It doesn't matter. I get we're not plugging this into anything. Love it. Uh, and then what I call it, do that. Yep. Okay. And then console log. I'm just going to clean this up a little bit for you. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Good call. Good call. Okay. And then console log API request Awesome. Save. Now we got to do something. Don't run it. Don't run it yet. Uh, let's go over to, I'm like, again, we're just cleaning this up a bit. We're not doing anything of, of too much value here. We're just making it so that we can actually look at it and see what's going on. Um, all right
Awesome. Save. Now we got to do something. Don't run it. Don't run it yet. Uh, let's go over to, I'm like, again, we're just cleaning this up a bit. We're not doing anything of, of too much value here. We're just making it so that we can actually look at it and see what's going on. Um, all right Um, all right. Cool. I'm a Python person. So I indent everything. And if you don't like it, sorry. Um, so if we're looking at this, we need to define who the owner is and who the repo is. Now, we could just do it directly in there
Um, all right. Cool. I'm a Python person. So I indent everything. And if you don't like it, sorry. Um, so if we're looking at this, we need to define who the owner is and who the repo is. Now, we could just do it directly in there And I would probably say it would be easier to just type them in here. But we want to make sure that we actually know what we're looking at in the future. So let's just create two new variables and we can const those can be constants. Um, so we just do const, owner and const repo
And I would probably say it would be easier to just type them in here. But we want to make sure that we actually know what we're looking at in the future. So let's just create two new variables and we can const those can be constants. Um, so we just do const, owner and const repo And owner is going to be, well, they're both going to be the same thing. Uh, we should, um, can I do them before this or do I have to do them after there? You have to do it before. Okay. That's what I thought. But I'm like, okay. So, const, owner, oh no, it's okay
And owner is going to be, well, they're both going to be the same thing. Uh, we should, um, can I do them before this or do I have to do them after there? You have to do it before. Okay. That's what I thought. But I'm like, okay. So, const, owner, oh no, it's okay So owner, you call, I'll finish them. I just want to make sure. Well, they're the same thing in our case, which is kind of nice. Uh, well, if we did it, yeah, because um, and then, um, and then we, it's going to be in quotes, by the way. Yes. I think it's GitHub community standards. Yeah
So owner, you call, I'll finish them. I just want to make sure. Well, they're the same thing in our case, which is kind of nice. Uh, well, if we did it, yeah, because um, and then, um, and then we, it's going to be in quotes, by the way. Yes. I think it's GitHub community standards. Yeah Yeah. And now this should run. So if we save, we run, we try actually saved. Ah, so this is good to know. It's a promise. So it's an asynchronous request. Um, and the way that that works is we need to await it. Um, so let's put all of this in, a function at the top. Let's go
Yeah. And now this should run. So if we save, we run, we try actually saved. Ah, so this is good to know. It's a promise. So it's an asynchronous request. Um, and the way that that works is we need to await it. Um, so let's put all of this in, a function at the top. Let's go Let's go. Well, let's go up to everything below const, doctokit. Um, we're going to do ace. Oh, what is it? Is it async function? I can never remember this one. I think it's like async function. And then you're going to need to do the empty empty, uh, yep, you got it
Let's go. Well, let's go up to everything below const, doctokit. Um, we're going to do ace. Oh, what is it? Is it async function? I can never remember this one. I think it's like async function. And then you're going to need to do the empty empty, uh, yep, you got it Um, and then the brackets around those objects. This is fine. This is fine. I won't, I won't yell at your nope, nope, nope, nope, we're, because we're just going to hard code them in. There's, there's no reason to make this more complicated
Um, and then the brackets around those objects. This is fine. This is fine. I won't, I won't yell at your nope, nope, nope, nope, we're, because we're just going to hard code them in. There's, there's no reason to make this more complicated So no curly brackets, because I thought we would have a curly bracket year. You do, but you want to have it your name. You got to put your name, ac function, the name. Yeah. Oh, okay. We're at the seas. They open your brackets. Yeah. Like that
So no curly brackets, because I thought we would have a curly bracket year. You do, but you want to have it your name. You got to put your name, ac function, the name. Yeah. Oh, okay. We're at the seas. They open your brackets. Yeah. Like that Yeah. Like that. And I'll let you name it, because this is your project. You're going to want to give it a those, the, the greater than less than two. And then yeah, just drag everything or just drag that bracket down. Which if you use. I started just, I didn't mean sorry
Yeah. Like that. And I'll let you name it, because this is your project. You're going to want to give it a those, the, the greater than less than two. And then yeah, just drag everything or just drag that bracket down. Which if you use. I started just, I didn't mean sorry Yes, if I use, uh, I'm trying to remember what it is now. I want to say it. I go down and highlight them. Don't even highlight them. Just, just do, just do option on that line. Just do option down. Drag that curly bracket. Yeah. Just option down. All the way down. All the way down. Yeah
Yes, if I use, uh, I'm trying to remember what it is now. I want to say it. I go down and highlight them. Don't even highlight them. Just, just do, just do option on that line. Just do option down. Drag that curly bracket. Yeah. Just option down. All the way down. All the way down. Yeah Yeah. Option in arrow. There you go. Yeah. Now we got to do one last, well, we got to do two more things. We need to await that request. So the API request, it needs to be awaited. We're going to do a wait. Was it const API? I don't think we can be a const in if it's awaited. Maybe you can't
Yeah. Option in arrow. There you go. Yeah. Now we got to do one last, well, we got to do two more things. We need to await that request. So the API request, it needs to be awaited. We're going to do a wait. Was it const API? I don't think we can be a const in if it's awaited. Maybe you can't Maybe you can't. I don't know. We'll see. Yeah. I think you do const API request equals. Yeah. Oh, right. Actra kick. Yes. Up there. You're going to do. Oh, no, where am I, uh, where I'm at? 11. I think you're on 11 or 12 down there. Line 11. Yeah. Right there. The purple line. Okay. And wait
Maybe you can't. I don't know. We'll see. Yeah. I think you do const API request equals. Yeah. Oh, right. Actra kick. Yes. Up there. You're going to do. Oh, no, where am I, uh, where I'm at? 11. I think you're on 11 or 12 down there. Line 11. Yeah. Right there. The purple line. Okay. And wait Okay. And wait. What? You're going to type in a wait. And then yeah, like that. And are you familiar with async? Wait, nope, nope, just a wait. This is the right format. So JavaScript does this thing where it can operate asynchronously
Okay. And wait. What? You're going to type in a wait. And then yeah, like that. And are you familiar with async? Wait, nope, nope, just a wait. This is the right format. So JavaScript does this thing where it can operate asynchronously And in order to do that, what it's got to, that means that it's going to get a bunch of information and keep going unless we tell it not to. And that is, that's what this request is. It's like, oh, hey, I'm giving you a promise that I'm working on it. Okay
And in order to do that, what it's got to, that means that it's going to get a bunch of information and keep going unless we tell it not to. And that is, that's what this request is. It's like, oh, hey, I'm giving you a promise that I'm working on it. Okay Okay. Well, we want to wait for you to be done with that so that we can get the information from it directly. So what we do is we wrap that in an await clause that says, you know, await. So await, do this thing. We're going to. And then at the end of the, um, parentheses
Okay. Well, we want to wait for you to be done with that so that we can get the information from it directly. So what we do is we wrap that in an await clause that says, you know, await. So await, do this thing. We're going to. And then at the end of the, um, parentheses Is that a parentheses? Is that what they're called? Yeah, parentheses. Online 15. After that, we're going to do a dot then. And that says like, once you're done with that, then let's do some other stuff. And what we want to do is we want to just console log it. So we can do. Yeah
Is that a parentheses? Is that what they're called? Yeah, parentheses. Online 15. After that, we're going to do a dot then. And that says like, once you're done with that, then let's do some other stuff. And what we want to do is we want to just console log it. So we can do. Yeah So we can do. Yeah. So instead of doing console log API request, what we're going to do is we're going to do console log
So we can do. Yeah. So instead of doing console log API request, what we're going to do is we're going to do console log Do you know how homie with that calls for? Is it, is it something like, it's not that, right? Or is it, um, what does it function? So she, you don't want to log the go, go, I got to say a little higher on the screen there. She want to, that constant that you made. Yeah. Right. Yeah
Do you know how homie with that calls for? Is it, is it something like, it's not that, right? Or is it, um, what does it function? So she, you don't want to log the go, go, I got to say a little higher on the screen there. She want to, that constant that you made. Yeah. Right. Yeah Yeah. Right. Yeah. That should work, right? Yeah. Okay. I'm going to, I'm going to just walk through what I just typed, uh, because I barely know what it is. Um, this is a, this is a, this is a cheap way of writing a JavaScript function
Yeah. Right. Yeah. That should work, right? Yeah. Okay. I'm going to, I'm going to just walk through what I just typed, uh, because I barely know what it is. Um, this is a, this is a, this is a cheap way of writing a JavaScript function Like you could write it, but it only works in like certain scenarios. Like where you have like one thing, we're saying, hey, with this being X return console log of X, the, the other way to do this would be like something like function, X console log X, something like that or return console log X
Like you could write it, but it only works in like certain scenarios. Like where you have like one thing, we're saying, hey, with this being X return console log of X, the, the other way to do this would be like something like function, X console log X, something like that or return console log X It's like something like that. Um, in most cases, when you, you're dealing with just one thing being respond like return, you can just do that. And then we're not, we're not doing that anymore. Because that makes sense. Kind of, you can say no, because it barely makes sense to me
It's like something like that. Um, in most cases, when you, you're dealing with just one thing being respond like return, you can just do that. And then we're not, we're not doing that anymore. Because that makes sense. Kind of, you can say no, because it barely makes sense to me And like, it kind of makes sense, like it makes enough sense on the logic. I think if I were to try to go make this myself, I would be a little stuck in what it makes sense, but like in context. Yeah
And like, it kind of makes sense, like it makes enough sense on the logic. I think if I were to try to go make this myself, I would be a little stuck in what it makes sense, but like in context. Yeah Yeah. And that's, and that's why we're doing it this way is because then we can add doc strings or documentation to all of this or comments, all of this and walk through what we're doing so that if you want to develop on this, because at some point, we're going to have to put this into our program
Yeah. And that's, and that's why we're doing it this way is because then we can add doc strings or documentation to all of this or comments, all of this and walk through what we're doing so that if you want to develop on this, because at some point, we're going to have to put this into our program And some things are going to change. So, you know, in our function, we're not passing anything. We are going to have to pass something because we're going to have to get that information from the VS code client itself. But yeah, if we run this now, it does nothing. Oh, because we didn't call it
And some things are going to change. So, you know, in our function, we're not passing anything. We are going to have to pass something because we're going to have to get that information from the VS code client itself. But yeah, if we run this now, it does nothing. Oh, because we didn't call it So at the bottom, let's just do a API request. And you need to, I think you need to put opening closing parentheses at the end. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Which says, hey, run that. And then what we should now get is some information. API request is not defined. Oh, we didn't close our function
So at the bottom, let's just do a API request. And you need to, I think you need to put opening closing parentheses at the end. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Which says, hey, run that. And then what we should now get is some information. API request is not defined. Oh, we didn't close our function Did we? I thought we did. Did we not? Yeah, it's close to it. Oh, no. No, no, you have to we'd have to return that API request. No, return it out of the function. Or no, no, no, no, that's just a console log. No, it's that's not the function API request is in the function. The function is more up
Did we? I thought we did. Did we not? Yeah, it's close to it. Oh, no. No, no, you have to we'd have to return that API request. No, return it out of the function. Or no, no, no, no, that's just a console log. No, it's that's not the function API request is in the function. The function is more up The GCS is that which is the function. Yeah. Yeah. GCS is the function. Yeah. foiled by our own naming. Yeah. I was going to say something. Naming is hard. There we go. Yay. All right. So this gives us this gives us the information that we want
The GCS is that which is the function. Yeah. Yeah. GCS is the function. Yeah. foiled by our own naming. Yeah. I was going to say something. Naming is hard. There we go. Yay. All right. So this gives us this gives us the information that we want Also, it tells us how many we've used and how many we have left. Let's let's go down there. Let's go down a little bit. So this will be important up a little bit. This is great. A little bit more. Okay. So you see that X rate limit limit 60 remaining? That is because we're not authenticated
Also, it tells us how many we've used and how many we have left. Let's let's go down there. Let's go down a little bit. So this will be important up a little bit. This is great. A little bit more. Okay. So you see that X rate limit limit 60 remaining? That is because we're not authenticated We can authenticate and this will change this. And what I've noticed they do in choose license is they authenticate using the user's API key. I don't know how that works. So I'm probably just going to copy and paste what they did and be like cool. Also their project is MIT license
We can authenticate and this will change this. And what I've noticed they do in choose license is they authenticate using the user's API key. I don't know how that works. So I'm probably just going to copy and paste what they did and be like cool. Also their project is MIT license We have full permission to do that. Technically, if we wanted to just make our own version and put it in and keep it synced we could. But why? Let's just give them all the props because they did the work. So we got we got time. We don't like we've got 48 more requests that we can use
We have full permission to do that. Technically, if we wanted to just make our own version and put it in and keep it synced we could. But why? Let's just give them all the props because they did the work. So we got we got time. We don't like we've got 48 more requests that we can use It's not the end of the world. But if we start seeing that go down a little bit what we may need to do is throw in a API key and we'll have to figure that out and we get there. So this is this is the information that we need to pull
It's not the end of the world. But if we start seeing that go down a little bit what we may need to do is throw in a API key and we'll have to figure that out and we get there. So this is this is the information that we need to pull But what I would like to see is be able to do here is a couple of things and that's create a function that is like, hey, we've got we've got content. Like here here's where we are. So if we just say like what the health score is like your health score is 62
But what I would like to see is be able to do here is a couple of things and that's create a function that is like, hey, we've got we've got content. Like here here's where we are. So if we just say like what the health score is like your health score is 62 And then we have here the files that you're missing. So out of that files path here's everything that's null. Yeah, because that's all our stuff right there that we need. Yeah, exactly. Exactly
And then we have here the files that you're missing. So out of that files path here's everything that's null. Yeah, because that's all our stuff right there that we need. Yeah, exactly. Exactly Exactly. And then that's where I'm going to be like, homie, do the thing where you make a notification pop up that says like your health score is this. These are the files that you're missing. And then like and then we'll pop up giving the option to do an x. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Exactly. And then that's where I'm going to be like, homie, do the thing where you make a notification pop up that says like your health score is this. These are the files that you're missing. And then like and then we'll pop up giving the option to do an x. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah And then we just need to focus on and then at that point like the base level extension is done and then we have those other extensions that we're talking about developing after the fact that are like oh, hey, add a contributing document and then we go through the process of building that contributing document, which again, I think that there's that's easier said than done
And then we just need to focus on and then at that point like the base level extension is done and then we have those other extensions that we're talking about developing after the fact that are like oh, hey, add a contributing document and then we go through the process of building that contributing document, which again, I think that there's that's easier said than done Like what we're hoping to do is basically build off of the backs of giants and say we can't build your contributing document for you
Like what we're hoping to do is basically build off of the backs of giants and say we can't build your contributing document for you But what we can do is look at videos and blog posts and things until like what a good contributing document will need and then create prompts that allow them to kind of assemble or what I would say me some plus put all the things together everything in one place
But what we can do is look at videos and blog posts and things until like what a good contributing document will need and then create prompts that allow them to kind of assemble or what I would say me some plus put all the things together everything in one place All of the different pieces and then create a file based off of those individual pieces. But we got a long way for that. So let's start first with the contribute like detecting null in those those files. Mison plus is like one of my favorite
All of the different pieces and then create a file based off of those individual pieces. But we got a long way for that. So let's start first with the contribute like detecting null in those those files. Mison plus is like one of my favorite I actually have a project that I dubbed Mison plus, which is like it's a text user interface that just gives me like the latest things happening in like Python's Reddit as well as like stuff that I've bookmarked. I don't want to check that out. I mean it's garbage. I would not. I would not
I actually have a project that I dubbed Mison plus, which is like it's a text user interface that just gives me like the latest things happening in like Python's Reddit as well as like stuff that I've bookmarked. I don't want to check that out. I mean it's garbage. I would not. I would not I would not. Not for public consumption. No, it's really not. I don't even know if it's on GitHub. It might not be on GitHub. So yeah, I would I would definitely look at creating an issue. I don't know what the issue would be. You can do a blank issue
I would not. Not for public consumption. No, it's really not. I don't even know if it's on GitHub. It might not be on GitHub. So yeah, I would I would definitely look at creating an issue. I don't know what the issue would be. You can do a blank issue You don't have to do a bug report or you can just clear all that out. That's kind of fine too. Because we don't really unless unless you have a bug. I don't want to be a bug. We don't have a bug yet. Yeah
You don't have to do a bug report or you can just clear all that out. That's kind of fine too. Because we don't really unless unless you have a bug. I don't want to be a bug. We don't have a bug yet. Yeah Yeah. I was just going to say so next steps is we would need to figure out what null, like how to how to grab null from. Or how to grab how to discover which files are missing or which components are missing. I guess that would be the right word. Also maybe I was thinking too
Yeah. I was just going to say so next steps is we would need to figure out what null, like how to how to grab null from. Or how to grab how to discover which files are missing or which components are missing. I guess that would be the right word. Also maybe I was thinking too It showed in there an object you know in the fields that had objects but how do we maybe we should look in how do we verify that that object satisfies the community standards. See that piece of data that that object they have that check mark. You know they have that green check mark
It showed in there an object you know in the fields that had objects but how do we maybe we should look in how do we verify that that object satisfies the community standards. See that piece of data that that object they have that check mark. You know they have that green check mark So I would say I don't I mean we can. The challenge with that is I don't even think GitHub does any of that. It's just like do you have this file if so cool. Okay
So I would say I don't I mean we can. The challenge with that is I don't even think GitHub does any of that. It's just like do you have this file if so cool. Okay Okay. There might be some logic for things like licenses and things like that but I mean how how does it know what my GitHub issue template is like hey I have a I have an issue template
Okay. There might be some logic for things like licenses and things like that but I mean how how does it know what my GitHub issue template is like hey I have a I have an issue template Yeah it's garbage but it's like it's an issue template like it's not going to that's not going to change anything. So I would just say like if we just find null like null is probably good enough in this case. Okay. I don't know if I'm but request there we go. So. What is this really great
Yeah it's garbage but it's like it's an issue template like it's not going to that's not going to change anything. So I would just say like if we just find null like null is probably good enough in this case. Okay. I don't know if I'm but request there we go. So. What is this really great But how would we say that then need to define null components to yeah well just just need to need to identify which components are null. And if it has that object array showing and then they will just return we'll just leave that alone yeah
But how would we say that then need to define null components to yeah well just just need to need to identify which components are null. And if it has that object array showing and then they will just return we'll just leave that alone yeah Yeah I don't even I don't even think we we think about that too much we're just like so let's I see just say we just search for just the null. Yeah just look at it all
Yeah I don't even I don't even think we we think about that too much we're just like so let's I see just say we just search for just the null. Yeah just look at it all If it's not you just I mean there's we know we only have a limited number of objects so we don't need to worry about like again the JavaScript people will probably yell at me for this. We don't need to make it the most performant thing possible
If it's not you just I mean there's we know we only have a limited number of objects so we don't need to worry about like again the JavaScript people will probably yell at me for this. We don't need to make it the most performant thing possible We literally need to iterate through these eight objects and figure out which ones are null. If we just do a for loop here like it's fine. Though we don't need to do a map and filter
We literally need to iterate through these eight objects and figure out which ones are null. If we just do a for loop here like it's fine. Though we don't need to do a map and filter We could probably do a map and filter just to make it easier like if we just do like filter this you know x is null which now actually I want to try that and just see like yeah that would be perfect right because it would pull out all those x's yeah. Mm-hmm
We could probably do a map and filter just to make it easier like if we just do like filter this you know x is null which now actually I want to try that and just see like yeah that would be perfect right because it would pull out all those x's yeah. Mm-hmm Mm-hmm. What for our GitHub would we it's not going to be an ad would it just be would that be enough for the issue or doing you need to define it more because it's not a feature or anything
Mm-hmm. What for our GitHub would we it's not going to be an ad would it just be would that be enough for the issue or doing you need to define it more because it's not a feature or anything Oh no don't worry about that just I would I would just assign it to yourself if you want to and then like let's just work on it while you're doing that I'm I'm just seeing like if I can then sketch out like what this should look like
Oh no don't worry about that just I would I would just assign it to yourself if you want to and then like let's just work on it while you're doing that I'm I'm just seeing like if I can then sketch out like what this should look like How does that work though because that's not going to be that's not that's a it's an object it's not necessarily a. Hmm oh yeah the whole thing was an object not in a radio let's see
How does that work though because that's not going to be that's not that's a it's an object it's not necessarily a. Hmm oh yeah the whole thing was an object not in a radio let's see Let's see JavaScript filter I'm pretty sure there's like an object filter how to filter an object with the JavaScript using reduce in keys okay um object entries um oh and that's just an array that just makes it okay
Let's see JavaScript filter I'm pretty sure there's like an object filter how to filter an object with the JavaScript using reduce in keys okay um object entries um oh and that's just an array that just makes it okay So I guess you want to look at the files and then by index or by their key and then find the ones with a value of no yeah yeah there's a way to drill that in there huh
So I guess you want to look at the files and then by index or by their key and then find the ones with a value of no yeah yeah there's a way to drill that in there huh Yeah there's a way to drill into it um you can implement this more elegantly using load ashes flow function which behaves like a pipe function that lets you change static methods like object from entries
Yeah there's a way to drill into it um you can implement this more elegantly using load ashes flow function which behaves like a pipe function that lets you change static methods like object from entries This one is starting to go above my head so I vote you share your screen j because then you can see what you're searching for and as you're going through so I mean don't don't feel bad this is I'm trying to I'm figuring out the same stuff I'm just I'm just reading and like scrolling and being like does this work um because there's there's a couple of of thoughts here because we're not sure what the um we're not sure what this output is and I don't necessarily oh wait let's just do this copy and paste this output your actual output just paste that in there well paste the whole thing because we're gonna need to yeah because we need to make sure that we can actually get to it correctly perfect just paste that uh put it on like line 17 yeah all right so if we've got this object here uh let's just call this this and pull I'm just going to comment this out just to save us some API calls uh because then and we're not going to do that so now we can test we can hammer this all we want for free um all right so we have this object what do we do with this object oh let did I did I put something in the wrong spot here nope nope nope nope this cool you can also yeah there we go um all right so if we have that and we just want to see what we're working with let's let's play around a little bit uh console log request dot um um this is what I was just what I figured all right so we need to first get to it which means that it is in data request dot data files is that files there was that it data files actually first and foremost health percentage um your health score is that can you run that um oh I should save it oh can you save it I don't know if I can save it I got it saved okay hmm 71 oh I didn't I didn't get the outputs and I'm having to jump over here did it it said that it yelled oh yeah I probably yeah I forgot to do uh and thing there try again apparently it does let me save by the way okay reading health percentage read properties of undefined um is it not oh maybe it's not a dot maybe it's uh is it date or is it supposed to be date or data oh yeah it's supposed to be data good good catch good catch I'll let I'll let you do that you got that you earned that one all right let's see if we okay boom your health score is 62 there okay so hey homies literally gonna copy and paste that and be like my job is done you may even be able to put that down in the little little bottom bar do you like health score you know all those things yeah just because if especially if you like pull like a brand new project and you're like oh why's the health score so low like right right and that's just that's a non-invasive reminder right and then we should do is making an active button Jay we where you click on the button it takes you it opens it up opens up the community patterns see this is engine and runs through it for you real quick teamwork teamwork all right so gin um all we've done this we made that input that output there that we got we made that into a variable called request um and now we're just we're just drilling into request tracking yes okay and that's what we said your your health score is whatever this value was go get that value um and now we can actually just do the exact same thing again and instead well let's let's let's figure out some stuff first we're going to create um um files are and I don't know we'll far this for now because I'm sure I'm sure I'll break something if I don't um let's show no not let um request dot data dot files can we do as a ray no no okay so this is this is the part that I wasn't sure about oh that's jQuery no I don't want jQuery jQuery doesn't do nothing for us okay and uh homie dropped us a heads up oh no and I just realized my fan on my computer is not on so it's like freaking out at me oh it's very upset yeah I should probably turn that on so it's not so mad as one in combination with objects assigned yay home is back um welcome back homie object filter that's a lot of stuff using map and spread syntax instead of reduce using object entries or from entries um um uh uh I think I figured out how to make it so it just follows you around oh very cool I think so we're gonna find out solution of an elegyavascript object in object entries from or dot filter yeah so it's just saying do the uh it wants you to do from entries or what includes includes oh okay interesting all right so we do request data files from entries or is it from entries that file yeah I did that backwards so this is we're creating a new object object from the entries of this and then we need to filter so filter is this where are you telling me filter and then we're gonna do key value oh filter with key value um key value return nope my example is being lost here oh you just do whether or not it's true or false um so then we say so this is the part that I'm gonna be sad about leaving street mayor is not having music do you have um do you have epidemic sound no I need to get it because I need to get more uh royalty free music for sure yeah can you run this I don't think that oh sorry one one second um we're gonna do that and then also files okay yeah can you run that um object is not iterable cannot read property symbol iterator um oh object entries whatever the values are okay I missed I messed up here object for an entries to do you do you like that um try that Yeah
This one is starting to go above my head so I vote you share your screen j because then you can see what you're searching for and as you're going through so I mean don't don't feel bad this is I'm trying to I'm figuring out the same stuff I'm just I'm just reading and like scrolling and being like does this work um because there's there's a couple of of thoughts here because we're not sure what the um we're not sure what this output is and I don't necessarily oh wait let's just do this copy and paste this output your actual output just paste that in there well paste the whole thing because we're gonna need to yeah because we need to make sure that we can actually get to it correctly perfect just paste that uh put it on like line 17 yeah all right so if we've got this object here uh let's just call this this and pull I'm just going to comment this out just to save us some API calls uh because then and we're not going to do that so now we can test we can hammer this all we want for free um all right so we have this object what do we do with this object oh let did I did I put something in the wrong spot here nope nope nope nope this cool you can also yeah there we go um all right so if we have that and we just want to see what we're working with let's let's play around a little bit uh console log request dot um um this is what I was just what I figured all right so we need to first get to it which means that it is in data request dot data files is that files there was that it data files actually first and foremost health percentage um your health score is that can you run that um oh I should save it oh can you save it I don't know if I can save it I got it saved okay hmm 71 oh I didn't I didn't get the outputs and I'm having to jump over here did it it said that it yelled oh yeah I probably yeah I forgot to do uh and thing there try again apparently it does let me save by the way okay reading health percentage read properties of undefined um is it not oh maybe it's not a dot maybe it's uh is it date or is it supposed to be date or data oh yeah it's supposed to be data good good catch good catch I'll let I'll let you do that you got that you earned that one all right let's see if we okay boom your health score is 62 there okay so hey homies literally gonna copy and paste that and be like my job is done you may even be able to put that down in the little little bottom bar do you like health score you know all those things yeah just because if especially if you like pull like a brand new project and you're like oh why's the health score so low like right right and that's just that's a non-invasive reminder right and then we should do is making an active button Jay we where you click on the button it takes you it opens it up opens up the community patterns see this is engine and runs through it for you real quick teamwork teamwork all right so gin um all we've done this we made that input that output there that we got we made that into a variable called request um and now we're just we're just drilling into request tracking yes okay and that's what we said your your health score is whatever this value was go get that value um and now we can actually just do the exact same thing again and instead well let's let's let's figure out some stuff first we're going to create um um files are and I don't know we'll far this for now because I'm sure I'm sure I'll break something if I don't um let's show no not let um request dot data dot files can we do as a ray no no okay so this is this is the part that I wasn't sure about oh that's jQuery no I don't want jQuery jQuery doesn't do nothing for us okay and uh homie dropped us a heads up oh no and I just realized my fan on my computer is not on so it's like freaking out at me oh it's very upset yeah I should probably turn that on so it's not so mad as one in combination with objects assigned yay home is back um welcome back homie object filter that's a lot of stuff using map and spread syntax instead of reduce using object entries or from entries um um uh uh I think I figured out how to make it so it just follows you around oh very cool I think so we're gonna find out solution of an elegyavascript object in object entries from or dot filter yeah so it's just saying do the uh it wants you to do from entries or what includes includes oh okay interesting all right so we do request data files from entries or is it from entries that file yeah I did that backwards so this is we're creating a new object object from the entries of this and then we need to filter so filter is this where are you telling me filter and then we're gonna do key value oh filter with key value um key value return nope my example is being lost here oh you just do whether or not it's true or false um so then we say so this is the part that I'm gonna be sad about leaving street mayor is not having music do you have um do you have epidemic sound no I need to get it because I need to get more uh royalty free music for sure yeah can you run this I don't think that oh sorry one one second um we're gonna do that and then also files okay yeah can you run that um object is not iterable cannot read property symbol iterator um oh object entries whatever the values are okay I missed I messed up here object for an entries to do you do you like that um try that Yeah Not exactly what we were going for, right? Okay. I'm like, um. Oh, yeah. We had that twice. Um, okay. Let's start with just this. Try that. Okay. So now it's giving us the data. We need a filter. And we need..
Not exactly what we were going for, right? Okay. I'm like, um. Oh, yeah. We had that twice. Um, okay. Let's start with just this. Try that. Okay. So now it's giving us the data. We need a filter. And we need.. And we need... What do we do with like code of conduct as a filter and then if equal no? Well, what we're trying to do is we're trying to avoid having to write it for each one. Okay. And just have it as a one liner. Um, one by one liner doesn't have to be a one liner. Just..
And we need... What do we do with like code of conduct as a filter and then if equal no? Well, what we're trying to do is we're trying to avoid having to write it for each one. Okay. And just have it as a one liner. Um, one by one liner doesn't have to be a one liner. Just.. Just... It can be, you know, this works too. It's mostly, mostly so that like when we go to make the change because we're doing the same thing for all of them, we only have to make that change once instead of making it, you know
Just... It can be, you know, this works too. It's mostly, mostly so that like when we go to make the change because we're doing the same thing for all of them, we only have to make that change once instead of making it, you know Like for some reason they went from being null to being like empty or something like that then we just change that area. Got it. Okay. Oh, and then value equals. Thank you Ryan for sharing. Yeah. Um, try that. This one isn't currently up
Like for some reason they went from being null to being like empty or something like that then we just change that area. Got it. Okay. Oh, and then value equals. Thank you Ryan for sharing. Yeah. Um, try that. This one isn't currently up What we're currently working on is just a, a crash pad, but I might still upload it. There it goes. Yay. Because I feel like we're making progress plus it's a good learning experience that others can possibly use. Yeah. Alright. So let's, let's break down what we did here
What we're currently working on is just a, a crash pad, but I might still upload it. There it goes. Yay. Because I feel like we're making progress plus it's a good learning experience that others can possibly use. Yeah. Alright. So let's, let's break down what we did here We created this files folder and the first thing in that files folder is like, or sorry, I said folder, we created this files like object type thing. Um, I don't even know if you had to do like that. Now I'm tempted to just be like, can we do? No, for I, for I break it
We created this files folder and the first thing in that files folder is like, or sorry, I said folder, we created this files like object type thing. Um, I don't even know if you had to do like that. Now I'm tempted to just be like, can we do? No, for I, for I break it I mean, I'm glad you thought that so it's like making all the way. Like I will like stop the three and you thought you'd go back and look. Yeah. Quest data files. Can we just do filter like that? Is that work? Try that. Um, filter is not a function. Okay. Hmm. That's fine. I don't know
I mean, I'm glad you thought that so it's like making all the way. Like I will like stop the three and you thought you'd go back and look. Yeah. Quest data files. Can we just do filter like that? Is that work? Try that. Um, filter is not a function. Okay. Hmm. That's fine. I don't know I don't know. It's something files. I know that this is on repeat, but this is still like my favorite. Low five. I just always like it just makes me happy
I don't know. It's something files. I know that this is on repeat, but this is still like my favorite. Low five. I just always like it just makes me happy The reason, the reason I'm trying to figure this out is like, I feel like it's already, like why do we need to, if it's already an object, why do we need to make it an object again? And that's where I'm, I mean, I'm not entirely sure. I could be wrong
The reason, the reason I'm trying to figure this out is like, I feel like it's already, like why do we need to, if it's already an object, why do we need to make it an object again? And that's where I'm, I mean, I'm not entirely sure. I could be wrong I could be wrong. Oh, me, do you cause that heads up in case I didn't say this out loud? You're on mute just because it has your noises, but I don't want to think you think that we're not wanting to talk to you or hear you. Oh, I've been talking. I guess you have been hearing this. I'm sorry
I could be wrong. Oh, me, do you cause that heads up in case I didn't say this out loud? You're on mute just because it has your noises, but I don't want to think you think that we're not wanting to talk to you or hear you. Oh, I've been talking. I guess you have been hearing this. I'm sorry I'm sorry. I'm sorry if we have been ignoring you all this time. I just like, they're in the churches. No worries. They're in the church. No, no, no. No, I needed you just because there was like some weird noise. And I'm like, I don't know what that is
I'm sorry. I'm sorry if we have been ignoring you all this time. I just like, they're in the churches. No worries. They're in the church. No, no, no. No, I needed you just because there was like some weird noise. And I'm like, I don't know what that is So I'm like, I'm testing our mute on who the noise it is. But I'm like, normally, homey would have something to say about this. So I better make sure he knows it. Yeah, obviously her. Well, I cannot take Blake for the noise. Then the noise was not me. Oh, okay. I'm trying to try it now
So I'm like, I'm testing our mute on who the noise it is. But I'm like, normally, homey would have something to say about this. So I better make sure he knows it. Yeah, obviously her. Well, I cannot take Blake for the noise. Then the noise was not me. Oh, okay. I'm trying to try it now Would you ready? I just really hate the idea. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So you made it into an array of arrays. Okay. Huh. An array of arrays. Okay. So that's what the object from entries are
Would you ready? I just really hate the idea. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So you made it into an array of arrays. Okay. Huh. An array of arrays. Okay. So that's what the object from entries are It's basically taking that array of arrays and being like, hey, I turn them into an object for you, which honestly, we don't even need. I doubt we wanted to look like that, though, to where it says like, all lowercase and none of that stuff
It's basically taking that array of arrays and being like, hey, I turn them into an object for you, which honestly, we don't even need. I doubt we wanted to look like that, though, to where it says like, all lowercase and none of that stuff So what I would probably do is do like make another object that says, like that. Like that. Um, it's called like as I head up, I'm going to eat some food while we're streaming. So I'm going to mute myself and turn off my camera, but I'm still here. Okay. We need to run something. I'm here. Okay
So what I would probably do is do like make another object that says, like that. Like that. Um, it's called like as I head up, I'm going to eat some food while we're streaming. So I'm going to mute myself and turn off my camera, but I'm still here. Okay. We need to run something. I'm here. Okay I'm here. Okay. I will need you to run something in a second, but I mean, I think you can give me like the ability to run these. Oh, yeah. Did in yours you go and open the terminal to them. So you let him live share your turn. Then I'm going to delete all your files. Just kidding. I'm good
I'm here. Okay. I will need you to run something in a second, but I mean, I think you can give me like the ability to run these. Oh, yeah. Did in yours you go and open the terminal to them. So you let him live share your turn. Then I'm going to delete all your files. Just kidding. I'm good I'm good. I'm good. I mean, you just ignore bars. It's not bad, but I know people don't like freak out. Other people eat like some people have that. So I'm like, I should not eat on camera. Um, I don't know how to do that. We'll give you access for that. So you see where
I'm good. I'm good. I mean, you just ignore bars. It's not bad, but I know people don't like freak out. Other people eat like some people have that. So I'm like, I should not eat on camera. Um, I don't know how to do that. We'll give you access for that. So you see where So you see where. But it could mean something to you when you get far enough. So I'm like, yeah, I'll run it. I don't really know the best way to like do this. So I'm just. We're just going to do it that way. Why am I not copying this? Come on now. Rookie numbers. Let's go. Oh, that's interesting
So you see where. But it could mean something to you when you get far enough. So I'm like, yeah, I'll run it. I don't really know the best way to like do this. So I'm just. We're just going to do it that way. Why am I not copying this? Come on now. Rookie numbers. Let's go. Oh, that's interesting That's actually interesting because I think code of conduct is attached to. I think it's attached to the file, but I think the file is actually more important. That way, if you provide your own custom code of conduct, I wonder what that does here. If this is an all, that might be a test to try out
That's actually interesting because I think code of conduct is attached to. I think it's attached to the file, but I think the file is actually more important. That way, if you provide your own custom code of conduct, I wonder what that does here. If this is an all, that might be a test to try out Okay. Okay. Okay, something like that. Of course, it's going to yell me because I capitalize the thing. I'm going to do here. Oh, that's fine. I got back in time. I'm excited. All right. So what we want to do now is this like we actually don't want to do
Okay. Okay. Okay, something like that. Of course, it's going to yell me because I capitalize the thing. I'm going to do here. Oh, that's fine. I got back in time. I'm excited. All right. So what we want to do now is this like we actually don't want to do Let's see objects from entries that was like that. That. Okay. So we want that still. And then we want to go in and mess with this filter. And instead of actually passing in the filter, we're going to do
Let's see objects from entries that was like that. That. Okay. So we want that still. And then we want to go in and mess with this filter. And instead of actually passing in the filter, we're going to do Could we just direct it to a different file that had directions like if it was a code of conduct file and it showed like it'll run something else? Well, that's kind of what this GH files here is is we don't we don't necessarily want it to like we don't want to do the whole like let's
Could we just direct it to a different file that had directions like if it was a code of conduct file and it showed like it'll run something else? Well, that's kind of what this GH files here is is we don't we don't necessarily want it to like we don't want to do the whole like let's Let's start you know prompting them to change stuff. We just want to be able to give them a value that they can then decide to do something with if they want. And that's why
Let's start you know prompting them to change stuff. We just want to be able to give them a value that they can then decide to do something with if they want. And that's why And that's why. Well, if it's like that, I meant like more like if it showed a different file just so that way it was like another like a reading for that code of conduct of what they could change. Um, not sure
And that's why. Well, if it's like that, I meant like more like if it showed a different file just so that way it was like another like a reading for that code of conduct of what they could change. Um, not sure Um, not sure. Right now I just wanted to to re instead of saying like code of conduct with all lowercase and stuff like that. Have it actually output regular text. Okay. What's up? Total sign up real quick. It's bothering me a little. Can I change that name? Your bar name let violence
Um, not sure. Right now I just wanted to to re instead of saying like code of conduct with all lowercase and stuff like that. Have it actually output regular text. Okay. What's up? Total sign up real quick. It's bothering me a little. Can I change that name? Your bar name let violence Can I change that? Yeah, sure. I like it. Beautiful. But now we want to just we want to filter this based on these keys. So we're like, and that's where I'm trying to jump back into this of like. Oh, includes includes key. It's like. Like. Key value is still key value though
Can I change that? Yeah, sure. I like it. Beautiful. But now we want to just we want to filter this based on these keys. So we're like, and that's where I'm trying to jump back into this of like. Oh, includes includes key. It's like. Like. Key value is still key value though It is still key value where GH files keys. Key. Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. This changes the GH files. And then this is request data files key is equal to null. So. And try that. We got to replace this with missing. Okay, what was the. What was the air. Objects is not defined
It is still key value where GH files keys. Key. Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. This changes the GH files. And then this is request data files key is equal to null. So. And try that. We got to replace this with missing. Okay, what was the. What was the air. Objects is not defined Okay, that's. That's because I did objects not object. Okay. Try again. There we go. Those are the things missing, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Objects are just three items. That's the amount. Yeah. And I mean in reality, like you said, we don't necessarily even need the objects from entries
Okay, that's. That's because I did objects not object. Okay. Try again. There we go. Those are the things missing, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Objects are just three items. That's the amount. Yeah. And I mean in reality, like you said, we don't necessarily even need the objects from entries If we just do that and we get that array of arrays, you just do map. What is it? At index one. Look at me acting like I know what I'm doing. No clue what I'm doing. We're doing more than I know how to do. I'm learning. I'm not trying it. I'm just trying to do it. By walking it all in. Yeah
If we just do that and we get that array of arrays, you just do map. What is it? At index one. Look at me acting like I know what I'm doing. No clue what I'm doing. We're doing more than I know how to do. I'm learning. I'm not trying it. I'm just trying to do it. By walking it all in. Yeah Yeah. All right. So let's add some comments here. Look at us. That. That put out a array of just the outlets. Yeah. Now we're now we're just getting cocky. And then say, oh yeah, he's going to. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my goodness. Try that. It's could go terribly wrong. Nope. Look at that. Yeah
Yeah. All right. So let's add some comments here. Look at us. That. That put out a array of just the outlets. Yeah. Now we're now we're just getting cocky. And then say, oh yeah, he's going to. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my goodness. Try that. It's could go terribly wrong. Nope. Look at that. Yeah Look at that. Yeah. So you know, you make it something like you're missing the following files. That's your that's your message there. And it's like, oh yeah, you're doing all these things. And. I mean, you could also you could also just join them on a new line to which probably would look cleaner
Look at that. Yeah. So you know, you make it something like you're missing the following files. That's your that's your message there. And it's like, oh yeah, you're doing all these things. And. I mean, you could also you could also just join them on a new line to which probably would look cleaner Yeah, that might look a little. Hey, Jen. I know, Jay was saying this is throw away. Don't throw this away. I was like, now I'm going to. Yeah, that's fine. That's fine. Just we just have to know where to up. That's. That's the real challenge
Yeah, that might look a little. Hey, Jen. I know, Jay was saying this is throw away. Don't throw this away. I was like, now I'm going to. Yeah, that's fine. That's fine. Just we just have to know where to up. That's. That's the real challenge Because yeah, what this is is if you run it like this, what we're doing is now that we're just. Yeah, we're just styling the. Oh, what the error message would be like you're missing the following files. Bam, bam, bam
Because yeah, what this is is if you run it like this, what we're doing is now that we're just. Yeah, we're just styling the. Oh, what the error message would be like you're missing the following files. Bam, bam, bam Bam, bam, bam. And what we may want to do is like you don't even you may not even want that in this joint statement like this. You may want it as separate entries. That way each entry could be a clickable thing. Hold on. I'm going to swap these cons
Bam, bam, bam. And what we may want to do is like you don't even you may not even want that in this joint statement like this. You may want it as separate entries. That way each entry could be a clickable thing. Hold on. I'm going to swap these cons A lot of real quick just because I think it'll look better. Or the other side of that is you can instead of joining them as one. You can do like a four each. So if we do like. We're going to wrap this one and do like. Four let message equal. Wait, no, it's four. What is it for? Let message in
A lot of real quick just because I think it'll look better. Or the other side of that is you can instead of joining them as one. You can do like a four each. So if we do like. We're going to wrap this one and do like. Four let message equal. Wait, no, it's four. What is it for? Let message in Missing entries. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. Oh. And then we'll just we'll throw this on top of that. Like that. Oh, yeah. And then. This out. Up there. And like I know we're like we're like playing right now, but this is
Missing entries. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. Oh. And then we'll just we'll throw this on top of that. Like that. Oh, yeah. And then. This out. Up there. And like I know we're like we're like playing right now, but this is This will allow us to like construct that message in a way of like you could do something with this. Right, right, right. And then we're going to do something like that. And then. You know something like that. Run that
This will allow us to like construct that message in a way of like you could do something with this. Right, right, right. And then we're going to do something like that. And then. You know something like that. Run that Run that. I will say I kind of I also think I like the the the run that part because then I get. Yeah, I get to get. Okay, so this is. Where we're we did something wrong. Oh, it's probably just doing the. Let's do like this or no, it's not in. It's of. Okay. Oh wait, I already did the map
Run that. I will say I kind of I also think I like the the the run that part because then I get. Yeah, I get to get. Okay, so this is. Where we're we did something wrong. Oh, it's probably just doing the. Let's do like this or no, it's not in. It's of. Okay. Oh wait, I already did the map So yeah, just run that. Yeah. Yeah, there it is. Yeah. So then like. So this this console log isn't necessarily a console log, but it becomes later is like. I don't know if yes code button. Something. I don't know. Yeah, right. Yes, yes. Yeah, exactly. Okay, this is just driving me insane
So yeah, just run that. Yeah. Yeah, there it is. Yeah. So then like. So this this console log isn't necessarily a console log, but it becomes later is like. I don't know if yes code button. Something. I don't know. Yeah, right. Yes, yes. Yeah, exactly. Okay, this is just driving me insane I'm leaving this one. Okay, that's fine. Oh, yeah, I was trying to figure out the best way to look at that because having it is all caps like. Some of these are supposed to be all caps. Yeah, but did I break it? I didn't do it. No, you didn't. Oh, it's. It doesn't know what VS code button is
I'm leaving this one. Okay, that's fine. Oh, yeah, I was trying to figure out the best way to look at that because having it is all caps like. Some of these are supposed to be all caps. Yeah, but did I break it? I didn't do it. No, you didn't. Oh, it's. It doesn't know what VS code button is It's like. I didn't do it. Yeah, no, it was just like I don't know what you're doing. It's like I don't know what you're trying to tell me here. Okay, let me say one more time. Yeah, yeah, you're. You're. Okay, I'm like, yeah, the cap one is making me like, uh, yes, yes
It's like. I didn't do it. Yeah, no, it was just like I don't know what you're doing. It's like I don't know what you're trying to tell me here. Okay, let me say one more time. Yeah, yeah, you're. You're. Okay, I'm like, yeah, the cap one is making me like, uh, yes, yes I randomly click things and now I have a cookie counter when I randomly click things. Nice one. Nice one, Ryan. But all right, so this is like this. This is the core logic of what we're trying to do. Right. Um, now we would need to type scriptify it, which is not a thing that I can do right now
I randomly click things and now I have a cookie counter when I randomly click things. Nice one. Nice one, Ryan. But all right, so this is like this. This is the core logic of what we're trying to do. Right. Um, now we would need to type scriptify it, which is not a thing that I can do right now My brain is, I think I'm done. I think I'm brain dead. So let's do the easy part of this, which is documenting the things that we need. Um, and what we can do is we can test this on one of my projects just to make sure that everything still works
My brain is, I think I'm done. I think I'm brain dead. So let's do the easy part of this, which is documenting the things that we need. Um, and what we can do is we can test this on one of my projects just to make sure that everything still works Um, so first things first, we're going to remove these comments. Well, do you want to know if you're projects have like nothing in it? Uh, when you say nothing, probably not, but I probably have something need a lot of work. So
Um, so first things first, we're going to remove these comments. Well, do you want to know if you're projects have like nothing in it? Uh, when you say nothing, probably not, but I probably have something need a lot of work. So So. So if we do a seek function, get request, or we can say get standards, get community standards, something like that. And what is this doing? This is the first. Import
So. So if we do a seek function, get request, or we can say get standards, get community standards, something like that. And what is this doing? This is the first. Import Import. Hey, Jay, what if on that function community standard score? You want to get that demo? Well, because we're getting all of the data itself, I want to do the score. Yeah. Yeah, fair enough. So I what create a new. OctoKit instance. Then
Import. Hey, Jay, what if on that function community standard score? You want to get that demo? Well, because we're getting all of the data itself, I want to do the score. Yeah. Yeah, fair enough. So I what create a new. OctoKit instance. Then Then. We fetch the standards of the current application or the current repo. And what we'll do is we're going to take those out because these are placeholders right now. We're going to pass them into this owner repo. And then we're going to pass that stuff in. This can all be one line
Then. We fetch the standards of the current application or the current repo. And what we'll do is we're going to take those out because these are placeholders right now. We're going to pass them into this owner repo. And then we're going to pass that stuff in. This can all be one line We don't need to make that any more complicated. Like that. I'm actually surprised those are objects like that. It's kind of a weird, weird call. But we're going to keep the then on the next line just so that we can like. And instead of that, we're going to consider console log. That
We don't need to make that any more complicated. Like that. I'm actually surprised those are objects like that. It's kind of a weird, weird call. But we're going to keep the then on the next line just so that we can like. And instead of that, we're going to consider console log. That That. I think that works. Don't need. I'm going to comment this out. I'm going to put it in the bottom. That way it's all clean. These are also constants. That we tested on something that we haven't mess with before. That'll have a different result. That I'm embarrassed about. But it's fine
That. I think that works. Don't need. I'm going to comment this out. I'm going to put it in the bottom. That way it's all clean. These are also constants. That we tested on something that we haven't mess with before. That'll have a different result. That I'm embarrassed about. But it's fine But it's fine. Oh, you're already running it and say it's probably not ready yet. It's probably. I like to clicky clicking. So this is the fun part about doing it on my computer and while you're still doing it. You can run it. You can just run it and run it
But it's fine. Oh, you're already running it and say it's probably not ready yet. It's probably. I like to clicky clicking. So this is the fun part about doing it on my computer and while you're still doing it. You can run it. You can just run it and run it And just remember we're actually hitting the API. So every time you use it, that's less API calls me. Except if the request is not fine, then we aren't hitting it. I don't know because I think we might still be. I just I honestly I don't know
And just remember we're actually hitting the API. So every time you use it, that's less API calls me. Except if the request is not fine, then we aren't hitting it. I don't know because I think we might still be. I just I honestly I don't know Because I don't know if creating the actual link is an API is a hit on it. Because we are doing new octake and like that might still be taking that down. So then we've done that and we do like all right. Retrieve the missing entries and return. They're cleaned up name
Because I don't know if creating the actual link is an API is a hit on it. Because we are doing new octake and like that might still be taking that down. So then we've done that and we do like all right. Retrieve the missing entries and return. They're cleaned up name Oh, if you're looking, Jim, it's over on the left side on your on the bar where the icons are. Wait, left side on your score and you go down a live share if you wanted to add it to the terminal. That's what you're looking for. Create a new map or. Oh, no, I just didn't
Oh, if you're looking, Jim, it's over on the left side on your on the bar where the icons are. Wait, left side on your score and you go down a live share if you wanted to add it to the terminal. That's what you're looking for. Create a new map or. Oh, no, I just didn't I want to stop following him. Oh, because I'm just all over the place. I like like and I yeah, and I just don't know how to stop. I think it's on the left bar those three dots. It's probably didn't it's a live share icon. Three dots on the left and your explore
I want to stop following him. Oh, because I'm just all over the place. I like like and I yeah, and I just don't know how to stop. I think it's on the left bar those three dots. It's probably didn't it's a live share icon. Three dots on the left and your explore Outside left side up those three dots. Yeah, click that live share. Click that and live shares hidden under there. Did you click the three dots? Yeah. Clicking it. I'm clicking it. Not doing anything. Oh, it made it very, very small. But other. Yeah, that's easy
Outside left side up those three dots. Yeah, click that live share. Click that and live shares hidden under there. Did you click the three dots? Yeah. Clicking it. I'm clicking it. Not doing anything. Oh, it made it very, very small. But other. Yeah, that's easy Yeah, that's easy. And then additional use comes up giant. There you go. Yeah, hit that live share. No wonder that was confusing. Okay. Ha. Untalow. Yay. There you go. Call me. Do you see what I'm doing with this? Okay. Walk me through. I'm looking. Oh, yeah. Okay
Yeah, that's easy. And then additional use comes up giant. There you go. Yeah, hit that live share. No wonder that was confusing. Okay. Ha. Untalow. Yay. There you go. Call me. Do you see what I'm doing with this? Okay. Walk me through. I'm looking. Oh, yeah. Okay Oh, yeah. Okay. So making it making it an engine as well. Oh, yeah. So that later on when we call these, we can just say like. When we go to save it, you're just whatever that file type is called. You know, file. That'll also make this easier when we do TypeScript because TypeScript. Right. Right
Oh, yeah. Okay. So making it making it an engine as well. Oh, yeah. So that later on when we call these, we can just say like. When we go to save it, you're just whatever that file type is called. You know, file. That'll also make this easier when we do TypeScript because TypeScript. Right. Right Right. Right. We'll make this like, we'll have like this. Like, I don't even know. Const. Structure. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Actually, that's what it is, isn't it? It's like something structure. Oh, no. You want to do a type or interface. A type or interface. Yeah. So interface, probably. Yeah. Interface
Right. Right. We'll make this like, we'll have like this. Like, I don't even know. Const. Structure. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Actually, that's what it is, isn't it? It's like something structure. Oh, no. You want to do a type or interface. A type or interface. Yeah. So interface, probably. Yeah. Interface Yeah. Interface. Yeah. Interface. Yeah. Interface. Yeah. Interface. Yeah. Interface. Like GH. File. Something like that. Something like that. That's a struct. And then it. You have to do like that whole thing. I don't, I don't know what I'm doing here. I think it's something like this
Yeah. Interface. Yeah. Interface. Yeah. Interface. Yeah. Interface. Yeah. Interface. Like GH. File. Something like that. Something like that. That's a struct. And then it. You have to do like that whole thing. I don't, I don't know what I'm doing here. I think it's something like this And then you would do name. I think you could get rid of the struct. And the whole. Oh, dude. Is it good? Yeah. Give me that. That's it right there. Yeah. I think it has to be capital, right? Is that. I don't know. Maybe. I don't know. Yeah. But then. So then when you do your next interface for
And then you would do name. I think you could get rid of the struct. And the whole. Oh, dude. Is it good? Yeah. Give me that. That's it right there. Yeah. I think it has to be capital, right? Is that. I don't know. Maybe. I don't know. Yeah. But then. So then when you do your next interface for Like whatever GH files are, you're like. Mm-hmm. Then it's. It's tight and consistent. Yeah. Yeah. And then it's just like GH file or something like that. I think it's something along those lines. I don't really remember. And maybe this isn't an interface or struct. It's something else. A tie
Like whatever GH files are, you're like. Mm-hmm. Then it's. It's tight and consistent. Yeah. Yeah. And then it's just like GH file or something like that. I think it's something along those lines. I don't really remember. And maybe this isn't an interface or struct. It's something else. A tie A tie. Because. Well, because each of these are different. So it's like a cloud. I don't know if it's a class or like what that is. But it would be it would be something. I'm just going to comment all that out and be like. We'll need to define the types somewhere like. In TypeScript. Yeah
A tie. Because. Well, because each of these are different. So it's like a cloud. I don't know if it's a class or like what that is. But it would be it would be something. I'm just going to comment all that out and be like. We'll need to define the types somewhere like. In TypeScript. Yeah Yeah. So then yeah, like we. In Jen, how far are you tracking so far? Are you good or need to slow down or. No, no, no, like I'm tracking. I'm tracking. I'm. I'm letting it sink in. Like I'm still tracking. It's more of. I think just. It. Well, let's follow here
Yeah. So then yeah, like we. In Jen, how far are you tracking so far? Are you good or need to slow down or. No, no, no, like I'm tracking. I'm tracking. I'm. I'm letting it sink in. Like I'm still tracking. It's more of. I think just. It. Well, let's follow here It seems like we got ourselves a few things that like Jay's note right now. We could do is throw them in his issues. And then start typing them. And then that one, I'll go ahead and get the. The base. Extension done today and start that and get that and see if I can get. Octo kit up in there
It seems like we got ourselves a few things that like Jay's note right now. We could do is throw them in his issues. And then start typing them. And then that one, I'll go ahead and get the. The base. Extension done today and start that and get that and see if I can get. Octo kit up in there And then I'm worried about that. I want to get, make sure we get whatever we got to do so we can not get limited by the API either. So if you go to. If you look at how ultra ultra four end is doing. I'll put it in the private chat. You can see how he's calling it
And then I'm worried about that. I want to get, make sure we get whatever we got to do so we can not get limited by the API either. So if you go to. If you look at how ultra ultra four end is doing. I'll put it in the private chat. You can see how he's calling it Actually, let me just go directly to the file that he does calls it in. API indexed yes. I'm just about 11. I got to jump off. Yeah. I'm just going to clean this up and then yeah, we can bounce off. I got to do some work. Yeah, yeah. I'm going to go jump in and it'll be in the repo
Actually, let me just go directly to the file that he does calls it in. API indexed yes. I'm just about 11. I got to jump off. Yeah. I'm just going to clean this up and then yeah, we can bounce off. I got to do some work. Yeah, yeah. I'm going to go jump in and it'll be in the repo Yeah, you're going to throw this in there. Yeah. All right. I don't know where we have work. Put it in there. But I'm sure you guys. I'm going to do it. I was just going to do. And he have this theory works. But if I. Add the files to my clone as long as different file names and index and install
Yeah, you're going to throw this in there. Yeah. All right. I don't know where we have work. Put it in there. But I'm sure you guys. I'm going to do it. I was just going to do. And he have this theory works. But if I. Add the files to my clone as long as different file names and index and install Off to get then it should upload to. Community standards. Yeah, I mean, if you if you even want to put it as like a scratch, like. Just rename it to like scratch and then just put that file name in your clone. And it should work. Yeah. Yeah. Scratch of the old scratch
Off to get then it should upload to. Community standards. Yeah, I mean, if you if you even want to put it as like a scratch, like. Just rename it to like scratch and then just put that file name in your clone. And it should work. Yeah. Yeah. Scratch of the old scratch Okay, guys, hey, it was a great session, guys. Yeah. We'll talk later tomorrow. We'll talk on this corner. What happened? Oh, yeah, absolutely. All right. Appreciate you guys. Thank you, Tommy. All right. See you. All right, Jen. I think you. You've done all the things and stuff
Okay, guys, hey, it was a great session, guys. Yeah. We'll talk later tomorrow. We'll talk on this corner. What happened? Oh, yeah, absolutely. All right. Appreciate you guys. Thank you, Tommy. All right. See you. All right, Jen. I think you. You've done all the things and stuff Well, I didn't do all the things. I'm I'm cleaning up. I'm basically making it so it's more copy and pasteable into our project. Because that's my fears that you're going to copy and paste and be like, why didn't it work? It's because TypeScript is. Savage at times
Well, I didn't do all the things. I'm I'm cleaning up. I'm basically making it so it's more copy and pasteable into our project. Because that's my fears that you're going to copy and paste and be like, why didn't it work? It's because TypeScript is. Savage at times Savage at times. But all this is doing is making it so that as we need to call these things, we'll have a little bit of a nicer time. There's probably also this argument of, like path options or something like that. That's probably just dot GitHub or root. That
Savage at times. But all this is doing is making it so that as we need to call these things, we'll have a little bit of a nicer time. There's probably also this argument of, like path options or something like that. That's probably just dot GitHub or root. That That. Well, I mean, this works for like you and I can still work on this and I'll keep pairing it with you. But I think for today, like we are good with the stream. So y'all, as I had that before, I just say goodbye. Y'all are getting rated, you know, to another coding stream
That. Well, I mean, this works for like you and I can still work on this and I'll keep pairing it with you. But I think for today, like we are good with the stream. So y'all, as I had that before, I just say goodbye. Y'all are getting rated, you know, to another coding stream So that's starting and see y'all on Thursday. Thursday, I'm probably doing something with this project or with the Tweety Tag app. So see you then. Bye, everyone.
So that's starting and see y'all on Thursday. Thursday, I'm probably doing something with this project or with the Tweety Tag app. So see you then. Bye, everyone.