Hello, hello, beautiful humans. Welcome back to miscellaneous Mondays. That is what I want to say. I really like it when it's miscellaneous Mondays. You know, I was thinking too that as like a, as a sub title for this stream, it could be, shit, you do want to talk about. I'm digging it I'm digging it. I'm digging it. I need to put my, my computer on do not disturb for at least an hour. Same. Just because if I'm sharing my screen and you guys see pop ups, I have no idea what will pop up normally probably not inappropriate, but my friends will send me some random shit
I'm digging it. I'm digging it. I need to put my, my computer on do not disturb for at least an hour. Same. Just because if I'm sharing my screen and you guys see pop ups, I have no idea what will pop up normally probably not inappropriate, but my friends will send me some random shit And I'm like. Probably not something everybody accidentally activated Siri and now she won't go away. And she says, I'm not sure I understand. Go away. You got this Siri. Go away. Go away. She's still hanging out there. Okay. Sorry. Okay. All good
And I'm like. Probably not something everybody accidentally activated Siri and now she won't go away. And she says, I'm not sure I understand. Go away. You got this Siri. Go away. Go away. She's still hanging out there. Okay. Sorry. Okay. All good Okay. All good. And as a total random thing, it twitch says that I have ads now. And I'm like, okay. Like, I guess as a streamer, you make money out the ads. So if it happens, y'all. If they're super annoying, I'll turn them off
Okay. All good. And as a total random thing, it twitch says that I have ads now. And I'm like, okay. Like, I guess as a streamer, you make money out the ads. So if it happens, y'all. If they're super annoying, I'll turn them off If they're not that bad, let me know because if I can make money and you guys could put up with the minute or two of ads, let's see if it could be a good symbiotic relationship. And yay. Thank you, Ben. Ben resubscribed for another one. Yay. He's been a subscriber for four months now. Holy shit
If they're not that bad, let me know because if I can make money and you guys could put up with the minute or two of ads, let's see if it could be a good symbiotic relationship. And yay. Thank you, Ben. Ben resubscribed for another one. Yay. He's been a subscriber for four months now. Holy shit Holy shit. The stream has been teach Shantak his four months old. Wow. This is kind of bananas. Yeah. Laura, when's the first time you came home this dream? August. August. That's crazy. Because I love it. I love it. Yay. Well, I
Holy shit. The stream has been teach Shantak his four months old. Wow. This is kind of bananas. Yeah. Laura, when's the first time you came home this dream? August. August. That's crazy. Because I love it. I love it. Yay. Well, I Yay. Well, I. Oh, for some reason, you're hello didn't pop up then on at least it didn't for me in stream yard. Ben said hi to Ben and Ben said hi, but. I'm not going to say hello. Hello, everybody. Hello. I'm still waking up. I'm not going to lie. I am slightly struggle busing this Monday morning
Yay. Well, I. Oh, for some reason, you're hello didn't pop up then on at least it didn't for me in stream yard. Ben said hi to Ben and Ben said hi, but. I'm not going to say hello. Hello, everybody. Hello. I'm still waking up. I'm not going to lie. I am slightly struggle busing this Monday morning I also tried gluten this weekend. I am seeing if I can eat more of it. So I'm not going to say that I'm going to say it's not going to be a good thing. It's not going to be a good thing for me. Instead of. Be gluten free because it's expensive to be gluten free
I also tried gluten this weekend. I am seeing if I can eat more of it. So I'm not going to say that I'm going to say it's not going to be a good thing. It's not going to be a good thing for me. Instead of. Be gluten free because it's expensive to be gluten free I'm pretty sure I have hazy brain today like foggy brain because of you. I'm working on being scientific and I'm taking notes every day to see how I feel
I'm pretty sure I have hazy brain today like foggy brain because of you. I'm working on being scientific and I'm taking notes every day to see how I feel I'm going to go get a laptop and have something to do with it around and have done some things and what have you been up to
I'm going to go get a laptop and have something to do with it around and have done some things and what have you been up to Yeah, so I, I spent some time on canvethys weekend and made a bunch of stuff and then I had to change it because I finally admitted to myself that because my handle everywhere except twitch was some variation of go go gadget like inspector gadget
Yeah, so I, I spent some time on canvethys weekend and made a bunch of stuff and then I had to change it because I finally admitted to myself that because my handle everywhere except twitch was some variation of go go gadget like inspector gadget I'm going to put it on Netflix now, which is actually really good. And so since they're actually doing something with their intellectual property, I figured that if I ever wanted to monetize my channel, I shouldn't have a copyright infringement as my handle
I'm going to put it on Netflix now, which is actually really good. And so since they're actually doing something with their intellectual property, I figured that if I ever wanted to monetize my channel, I shouldn't have a copyright infringement as my handle And so I decided I will make it my actual name. And so I did that. And then I had to redo all of my little graphics and stuff to reflect that change. So I've got some new new stuff. Let's see, I could share my screen, I guess. Which inspector. Oh, is it a TV show? Yeah. Oh, it's okay. I found it
And so I decided I will make it my actual name. And so I did that. And then I had to redo all of my little graphics and stuff to reflect that change. So I've got some new new stuff. Let's see, I could share my screen, I guess. Which inspector. Oh, is it a TV show? Yeah. Oh, it's okay. I found it I found it. I found it. And what up Ramon? I am pasting it in here now. Because yeah. Thank you. Okay. And yes, please share your screen. Okay. So let's see with my with my twitch, I guess. Oh, but it's going to be all inception. Because we're on my twitch right now. Okay. Oh, not do that
I found it. I found it. And what up Ramon? I am pasting it in here now. Because yeah. Thank you. Okay. And yes, please share your screen. Okay. So let's see with my with my twitch, I guess. Oh, but it's going to be all inception. Because we're on my twitch right now. Okay. Oh, not do that Oh, not do that. Can you share them in camera? Yeah. Let me just pull that up. There are a bazillion of them in here. And I had to. For stream yard, stream yard, stream yard. Well, YouTube has very specific requirements for thumbnails and shit
Oh, not do that. Can you share them in camera? Yeah. Let me just pull that up. There are a bazillion of them in here. And I had to. For stream yard, stream yard, stream yard. Well, YouTube has very specific requirements for thumbnails and shit And so I had to spend some time resizing things in annoying ways. So, maybe just this little bitty thing as what shows up on my twitch behind the video banner thing. And then, mm-hmm. And then, like, so this is a thumbnail for a stream that I am doing tomorrow on my channel
And so I had to spend some time resizing things in annoying ways. So, maybe just this little bitty thing as what shows up on my twitch behind the video banner thing. And then, mm-hmm. And then, like, so this is a thumbnail for a stream that I am doing tomorrow on my channel Oh, and I gave my, my, my stream a name. It's Laura's the quesha livestream. Since I couldn't use Google gadget anymore. Yeah. So I've got a guest on tomorrow talking about micro Python. Yeah. So this is, this is how I spent some of my time over the weekend. And it was incredibly frustrating
Oh, and I gave my, my, my stream a name. It's Laura's the quesha livestream. Since I couldn't use Google gadget anymore. Yeah. So I've got a guest on tomorrow talking about micro Python. Yeah. So this is, this is how I spent some of my time over the weekend. And it was incredibly frustrating Oh, working with the camera tools. I got big mad multiple times. But I got there. Okay. Okay. And so you wanted to be today, um, making a graphic for our stream is. Yes, because we have streams. Yeah, we have multiple multiple y'all
Oh, working with the camera tools. I got big mad multiple times. But I got there. Okay. Okay. And so you wanted to be today, um, making a graphic for our stream is. Yes, because we have streams. Yeah, we have multiple multiple y'all And, um, I, for anyone that has not seen us for a while and what up the carry. Uh, we are doing miscellaneous Mondays. And then every other Friday starting in December, because in the US holidays are making things confusing. Um, we are having Python every other Friday
And, um, I, for anyone that has not seen us for a while and what up the carry. Uh, we are doing miscellaneous Mondays. And then every other Friday starting in December, because in the US holidays are making things confusing. Um, we are having Python every other Friday So one Friday, you'll have TypeScript, the next Friday, you'll have Python. So all about language learning specifically on Fridays. Yep, starting the Friday after Thanksgiving. Still, that being said, I figured we could all work together and come up with graphics for the two of us because
So one Friday, you'll have TypeScript, the next Friday, you'll have Python. So all about language learning specifically on Fridays. Yep, starting the Friday after Thanksgiving. Still, that being said, I figured we could all work together and come up with graphics for the two of us because Doing it by myself is not always that fun. Yes. So that's what I was going with so far. And see. And then if we still have time after that, because this is more fun. And then we get a bullshit while we're doing it. And they're more. I find that really entertaining
Doing it by myself is not always that fun. Yes. So that's what I was going with so far. And see. And then if we still have time after that, because this is more fun. And then we get a bullshit while we're doing it. And they're more. I find that really entertaining Um, was also something I've been curious about. We have had one stream on this so far is technical writing. And since that is your forte, I was like, let's, if we have time, I don't know how long I'm going to take us to make graphic. Yeah. Um, let's see, we've got some questions in the chat
Um, was also something I've been curious about. We have had one stream on this so far is technical writing. And since that is your forte, I was like, let's, if we have time, I don't know how long I'm going to take us to make graphic. Yeah. Um, let's see, we've got some questions in the chat So I'm so sorry, Ramon. I'm, Inspector Gadget is not available in Austria. I wonder if since I'm in the States, I wonder if we could watch party it together. And I could share Inspector Gadget with you because it really is. It's a really nice reboot
So I'm so sorry, Ramon. I'm, Inspector Gadget is not available in Austria. I wonder if since I'm in the States, I wonder if we could watch party it together. And I could share Inspector Gadget with you because it really is. It's a really nice reboot I'm getting, I'm guessing Jen that you didn't see the original back in the day. I have seen a lot of them. Okay. Okay. Yes. Um, also, I just want to say this too of, um, yo, for Laura or I, we should like find somebody that would sponsor us for a VPN. And go
I'm getting, I'm guessing Jen that you didn't see the original back in the day. I have seen a lot of them. Okay. Okay. Yes. Um, also, I just want to say this too of, um, yo, for Laura or I, we should like find somebody that would sponsor us for a VPN. And go And go. And then you have to watch things from wherever. Mm hmm. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And someone asked where was it. I swear somebody asked why I couldn't use the, uh, did I make it up? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Um, homie Ben asked why I wasn't able to use go go gadget
And go. And then you have to watch things from wherever. Mm hmm. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And someone asked where was it. I swear somebody asked why I couldn't use the, uh, did I make it up? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Um, homie Ben asked why I wasn't able to use go go gadget And that's because, uh, in the show, Inspector Gadget, he's always saying go go gadget. This thing, like go go gadget helicopter and like a helicopter thing comes out of his hat or whatever. And he can fly away and go go gadget this and go go gadget that. So it was, it's his catchphrase
And that's because, uh, in the show, Inspector Gadget, he's always saying go go gadget. This thing, like go go gadget helicopter and like a helicopter thing comes out of his hat or whatever. And he can fly away and go go gadget this and go go gadget that. So it was, it's his catchphrase Um, and so that's why it is copyright infringement for me to be monetizing anyway. Anything involving go go gadget, which is, it's kind of lame because I've been using that as my handle everywhere online for like 20 years because. Like the Inspector Gadget franchise was like, dead
Um, and so that's why it is copyright infringement for me to be monetizing anyway. Anything involving go go gadget, which is, it's kind of lame because I've been using that as my handle everywhere online for like 20 years because. Like the Inspector Gadget franchise was like, dead It was very, very quiet. And then they did this reboot and it was like, oh, okay, well, it's a good thing. The reboot is good because otherwise it'd be mad if I had to stop using my handle everywhere and it wasn't good. Fortunately, it is good. And I can be like, okay. That's, um, interesting
It was very, very quiet. And then they did this reboot and it was like, oh, okay, well, it's a good thing. The reboot is good because otherwise it'd be mad if I had to stop using my handle everywhere and it wasn't good. Fortunately, it is good. And I can be like, okay. That's, um, interesting They, uh, especially with the handle stuff because Laura mentioned that, uh, she got the, um, or a handle updated on YouTube as well. And this is something that I've discussed with some of you of the handle situation I have with you to. It's not my friend
They, uh, especially with the handle stuff because Laura mentioned that, uh, she got the, um, or a handle updated on YouTube as well. And this is something that I've discussed with some of you of the handle situation I have with you to. It's not my friend It's not my friend. My personal channel has my name that everything else has. And I don't know. Should I just move everything to that channel? Because even though I changed it, it, it still is causing issues. So we will. That's the story for another day. I'm more excited about getting
It's not my friend. My personal channel has my name that everything else has. And I don't know. Should I just move everything to that channel? Because even though I changed it, it, it still is causing issues. So we will. That's the story for another day. I'm more excited about getting Getting a graphic with Laura. Mm hmm. Can we call it go go miscellaneous Mondays? I don't know. I mean, I don't know whether people people would, uh, yeah, let it
Getting a graphic with Laura. Mm hmm. Can we call it go go miscellaneous Mondays? I don't know. I mean, I don't know whether people people would, uh, yeah, let it Or whether it would be like, if you don't say go go gadget, then does it just like go go like go go girls? Yeah, and then people might be going or like, yeah, there were like go go boots a thousand years ago. Well, like, I don't know, 50
Or whether it would be like, if you don't say go go gadget, then does it just like go go like go go girls? Yeah, and then people might be going or like, yeah, there were like go go boots a thousand years ago. Well, like, I don't know, 50 I was posting job boards and it said go laying you must have, um, like, uh, experience with going. I guess, and I was like, I must be a no go because I don't have going experience. I'm cracking myself up. And I put it, they don't like my, my tweet
I was posting job boards and it said go laying you must have, um, like, uh, experience with going. I guess, and I was like, I must be a no go because I don't have going experience. I'm cracking myself up. And I put it, they don't like my, my tweet I was very sad because I was like, it's so funny now. Come on. Yes, I, I think you're accurate. I don't think anybody's going to know if we just call it go go. Mm hmm. Oh, good luck in your interview, Akari. Let's go. Yeah
I was very sad because I was like, it's so funny now. Come on. Yes, I, I think you're accurate. I don't think anybody's going to know if we just call it go go. Mm hmm. Oh, good luck in your interview, Akari. Let's go. Yeah Let's go. Yeah. Actually, so speaking of, of go the language, have I shown you my way? Go for no. Okay. So, uh, I, I'm, I'm a Python person, right? But I work at a, a go shop, so to speak. Um, and so I've been, I've been learning go and I find go very frustrating to work with compared to Python
Let's go. Yeah. Actually, so speaking of, of go the language, have I shown you my way? Go for no. Okay. So, uh, I, I'm, I'm a Python person, right? But I work at a, a go shop, so to speak. Um, and so I've been, I've been learning go and I find go very frustrating to work with compared to Python And, um, so I bought myself the little, um, go. mascot. Because he's so, so, so cute. Oh, I can't, because it's so bright. Let me turn off the light. There he is. He's so cute. It's so, so cute. And I can't be mad at it. So when I'm like, okay, go
And, um, so I bought myself the little, um, go. mascot. Because he's so, so, so cute. Oh, I can't, because it's so bright. Let me turn off the light. There he is. He's so cute. It's so, so cute. And I can't be mad at it. So when I'm like, okay, go Why are you not Python? Because like, there's a way to not suck. So why do you say. Um, which is ridiculous, because I know, I know technically why go works, works the way that it does and why it suits use cases better than, then Python does for, for reasons. Um, but, but yeah
Why are you not Python? Because like, there's a way to not suck. So why do you say. Um, which is ridiculous, because I know, I know technically why go works, works the way that it does and why it suits use cases better than, then Python does for, for reasons. Um, but, but yeah Um, but, but yeah. So then when I get annoyed, I just look at the little gofer and I can be like, okay, I'm not mad at go anymore. It's a moment. I dig it, I dig it. Okay, I am going to others to the stream. This is my very, hey, look, it's actually learning Python
Um, but, but yeah. So then when I get annoyed, I just look at the little gofer and I can be like, okay, I'm not mad at go anymore. It's a moment. I dig it, I dig it. Okay, I am going to others to the stream. This is my very, hey, look, it's actually learning Python So this one was used for us at one point, but I got lazy and I don't want to upload them every single time. Different variations today. A previous variation. I don't need all of these now. I started episodes for us. I was like, I don't need all of those. So there we go. Again, old, old episodes
So this one was used for us at one point, but I got lazy and I don't want to upload them every single time. Different variations today. A previous variation. I don't need all of these now. I started episodes for us. I was like, I don't need all of those. So there we go. Again, old, old episodes Uh, y'all, if you're ever curious how I find my pictures of the guests is I just go stop them on the internet. And this is what happened to Jay is I literally just stopped Jay everywhere until I found a picture of them that this was the winner. And Jay will be on the show again tomorrow
Uh, y'all, if you're ever curious how I find my pictures of the guests is I just go stop them on the internet. And this is what happened to Jay is I literally just stopped Jay everywhere until I found a picture of them that this was the winner. And Jay will be on the show again tomorrow We are going to be on the show. Nice. Yeah. I'm excited. Okay. But I'm coming to the end. This is also another variation. Oh, that's funny. It's exciting. Oh, y'all, can we give home you a shout out right now because if you look at how cool this graphic is. Mm hmm. And this graphic
We are going to be on the show. Nice. Yeah. I'm excited. Okay. But I'm coming to the end. This is also another variation. Oh, that's funny. It's exciting. Oh, y'all, can we give home you a shout out right now because if you look at how cool this graphic is. Mm hmm. And this graphic And this graphic. And this graphic. And then bendy Myers. This is one for you later on when we need a reschedule. Um, homey made the last where I just showed you. Teryi. Homey has mad skill. So I just want to show this
And this graphic. And this graphic. And then bendy Myers. This is one for you later on when we need a reschedule. Um, homey made the last where I just showed you. Teryi. Homey has mad skill. So I just want to show this But bad look, look how cool our graphic is going to be really excited about this. We need to reschedule. Yes. But he's like so cool. Um, so I love that. And so he's like made me like, want to do better because they're so cool. And so
But bad look, look how cool our graphic is going to be really excited about this. We need to reschedule. Yes. But he's like so cool. Um, so I love that. And so he's like made me like, want to do better because they're so cool. And so And so. I'm kind of thinking like this one's cool and maybe we could repurpose it for ours. We effort that episode we ended up using this one. Okay. But now that I've seen your graphics, I am wondering what. How you're kind of feeling. Do you want that like teal pastel color still do we want to
And so. I'm kind of thinking like this one's cool and maybe we could repurpose it for ours. We effort that episode we ended up using this one. Okay. But now that I've seen your graphics, I am wondering what. How you're kind of feeling. Do you want that like teal pastel color still do we want to Like, I don't know. Well, we can try different styles. In canva. Right. We can pull up. Yes, we can try lots of different styles. And then also. Do you have a. Can you send me a copy of yours. I'm thinking so that way we can keep it on screen to compare with
Like, I don't know. Well, we can try different styles. In canva. Right. We can pull up. Yes, we can try lots of different styles. And then also. Do you have a. Can you send me a copy of yours. I'm thinking so that way we can keep it on screen to compare with And for those who haven't used canva canva is like. A simplified version of Photoshop. It's kind of like a website builder like. You can make cool stuff. And then. And for reference. There is the website and we're all going to hope that the car gets the job too
And for those who haven't used canva canva is like. A simplified version of Photoshop. It's kind of like a website builder like. You can make cool stuff. And then. And for reference. There is the website and we're all going to hope that the car gets the job too So we can learn even more about canva. Okay. I just sent you a link. Thank you. It's so cool. All right. So many tabs. So many tabs. Here we go. So I'm going to put this over here just so that way we can still see it. And then. And then we'll open today's. Yay. Just for reference are two styles
So we can learn even more about canva. Okay. I just sent you a link. Thank you. It's so cool. All right. So many tabs. So many tabs. Here we go. So I'm going to put this over here just so that way we can still see it. And then. And then we'll open today's. Yay. Just for reference are two styles I did it because we have a Monday's for miscellaneous Mondays that we got to figure out. And then Python. Right. So if for I'm going to cover half of some of this. So that way because canva based on the size. So if I go home really quick
I did it because we have a Monday's for miscellaneous Mondays that we got to figure out. And then Python. Right. So if for I'm going to cover half of some of this. So that way because canva based on the size. So if I go home really quick Canva is super, super dope in the fact that you can when you log in, you can create a design. And it gives you it will. If it's a common size, it will give you the measurements. So I basically make everything as a YouTube thumbnail
Canva is super, super dope in the fact that you can when you log in, you can create a design. And it gives you it will. If it's a common size, it will give you the measurements. So I basically make everything as a YouTube thumbnail And then if I need a different size for it, I'll create it from there. But what we're using today is all on this YouTube thumbnail size. If I'm doing stuff for the podcast, I do need to make it Instagram size because Instagram is the size of the thumbnail for like Spotify or Apple podcast
And then if I need a different size for it, I'll create it from there. But what we're using today is all on this YouTube thumbnail size. If I'm doing stuff for the podcast, I do need to make it Instagram size because Instagram is the size of the thumbnail for like Spotify or Apple podcast And then Instagram stories is the same size as TikTok. Random more knowledge for y'all. That bugged me was the YouTube. YouTube wants the thumbnail to be at least. I don't remember. 2000 some odd by 1000 some odd pixels, right
And then Instagram stories is the same size as TikTok. Random more knowledge for y'all. That bugged me was the YouTube. YouTube wants the thumbnail to be at least. I don't remember. 2000 some odd by 1000 some odd pixels, right But then that's for the like if you are looking at this on a television. Oh yeah. And then there's if you're looking at it on a desktop, all you're seeing is like this middle strip. And if you're looking at it on mobile, you're seeing like a middle strip of the middle strip. Yes
But then that's for the like if you are looking at this on a television. Oh yeah. And then there's if you're looking at it on a desktop, all you're seeing is like this middle strip. And if you're looking at it on mobile, you're seeing like a middle strip of the middle strip. Yes Yes. And I'm like, so nobody is going to be looking at this on a television. So what you're telling me is you are requiring me to upload a gigantic file so that. In the extremely unlikely circumstance that someone is looking at it on television, it still looks good. But for 99
Yes. And I'm like, so nobody is going to be looking at this on a television. So what you're telling me is you are requiring me to upload a gigantic file so that. In the extremely unlikely circumstance that someone is looking at it on television, it still looks good. But for 99 But for 99.99% of people, they're only ever going to see the middle strip. Why? Why are you doing this to me? And in case you guys don't think if we go into the banner image. Whatever we'll choose this one. And open this is what Laura is talking about is basically
But for 99.99% of people, they're only ever going to see the middle strip. Why? Why are you doing this to me? And in case you guys don't think if we go into the banner image. Whatever we'll choose this one. And open this is what Laura is talking about is basically You will on TV, viewable on desktop, viewable on all devices. It is tricky. So that is why cancel mind just says teach shentek in different variations because I moved it just to do teach shentek. So this is a bit of a confusing area. It is a bit gray. It's a bit confusing. It's. It's dumb as shit
You will on TV, viewable on desktop, viewable on all devices. It is tricky. So that is why cancel mind just says teach shentek in different variations because I moved it just to do teach shentek. So this is a bit of a confusing area. It is a bit gray. It's a bit confusing. It's. It's dumb as shit It's dumb as shit. Yes. I'm just going to go with that. I'm too grumpy to say that it's confusing. And another way that I like using canva. And I think a lot of people don't think about, especially in the developer experience. It. It's like, you can't upload them
It's dumb as shit. Yes. I'm just going to go with that. I'm too grumpy to say that it's confusing. And another way that I like using canva. And I think a lot of people don't think about, especially in the developer experience. It. It's like, you can't upload them You can add graphics and branding to your GitHub to your. You know, just because we're talking about coding and things doesn't mean we can't make it look pretty. It's kind of how I go about it. And to me, seeing something like this and a lot of us think of it subconsciously
You can add graphics and branding to your GitHub to your. You know, just because we're talking about coding and things doesn't mean we can't make it look pretty. It's kind of how I go about it. And to me, seeing something like this and a lot of us think of it subconsciously So the first thing that I like about coding is if we see something like this, we might be. More interested in actually going through and looking at something. Then if it's just the text. And a lot of people
So the first thing that I like about coding is if we see something like this, we might be. More interested in actually going through and looking at something. Then if it's just the text. And a lot of people Think of this very subconsciously so they don't realize that they're being drawn to something because it's. We're cute or cute, you know? Yep. Yep. All right, we have five notifications. Let's find out what it is. Oh, a bunch of cool people have been posting cool shit. I like it
Think of this very subconsciously so they don't realize that they're being drawn to something because it's. We're cute or cute, you know? Yep. Yep. All right, we have five notifications. Let's find out what it is. Oh, a bunch of cool people have been posting cool shit. I like it I like it. Let's go back here. So I like this one so far as one of them. We have all of these like templates. There we go. Words, Jen, words. Templates that we can choose from. And this is at least how I figured out the one that I currently use for the most part. It's actually at the top
I like it. Let's go back here. So I like this one so far as one of them. We have all of these like templates. There we go. Words, Jen, words. Templates that we can choose from. And this is at least how I figured out the one that I currently use for the most part. It's actually at the top This match victory. If you guys take a look at match victory. Need. Yeah. Mine. Match victory. They're the same. Honestly, this is how I do a lot of Canva is instead of creating something on my own. I find a template and then customize it to what I like. Sure
This match victory. If you guys take a look at match victory. Need. Yeah. Mine. Match victory. They're the same. Honestly, this is how I do a lot of Canva is instead of creating something on my own. I find a template and then customize it to what I like. Sure Sure. Because a lot of them, you can change colors in that kind of way. Yeah. This one looks cool too. That one just looks cool. So I clicked it. Now, I just don't know if anybody else is going to be able to see these. That's my only concern. See what? The templates, like, big enough
Sure. Because a lot of them, you can change colors in that kind of way. Yeah. This one looks cool too. That one just looks cool. So I clicked it. Now, I just don't know if anybody else is going to be able to see these. That's my only concern. See what? The templates, like, big enough Oh, it looks good on my end. OK. Any templates you all, it moves. I, this is where I get really, really distracted. Did you just hear my dog? Oh, yeah. She just got the brain is on. She looks really cute, y'all. Let's see if we can eat. Oh, I never let us wet her. Harkyoma. You suck you
Oh, it looks good on my end. OK. Any templates you all, it moves. I, this is where I get really, really distracted. Did you just hear my dog? Oh, yeah. She just got the brain is on. She looks really cute, y'all. Let's see if we can eat. Oh, I never let us wet her. Harkyoma. You suck you You suck you. She's like, no, mom, please leave me alone. I just want to yell at you. OK. Well, on that note, yes. McCarrie, I haven't been on a call with you and forever. Is your hair currently like this? Because I haven't been on a call with you and forever. It is pretty cool hair
You suck you. She's like, no, mom, please leave me alone. I just want to yell at you. OK. Well, on that note, yes. McCarrie, I haven't been on a call with you and forever. Is your hair currently like this? Because I haven't been on a call with you and forever. It is pretty cool hair And I don't know. Top 10 most extensive haircuts. I'm a little scared of this one. Because I would think that it would be a few. Gajillion dollars. But any of these templates looking, I don't want recently used. Looking cool to any of you. The how to become a freelancer one has nice colors. OK
And I don't know. Top 10 most extensive haircuts. I'm a little scared of this one. Because I would think that it would be a few. Gajillion dollars. But any of these templates looking, I don't want recently used. Looking cool to any of you. The how to become a freelancer one has nice colors. OK OK. I'm going to, I guess I could undo and then do these. Leg it. I like that. Do you have a palette? I'm sort of. OK. I would say I do have a palette. And it's because I am attracted to apparently the same colors for the podcast and for the live stream. I guess I meant specifically like in Canva
OK. I'm going to, I guess I could undo and then do these. Leg it. I like that. Do you have a palette? I'm sort of. OK. I would say I do have a palette. And it's because I am attracted to apparently the same colors for the podcast and for the live stream. I guess I meant specifically like in Canva Do you have a canva palette for the colors? Yes. OK. Well, for the podcast. Oh, yeah, yeah. And they just happen to be the same color palette that this is as well. At least remind. So that's why I was like thinking, seeing what you may like because podcast or the show can change its color palette
Do you have a canva palette for the colors? Yes. OK. Well, for the podcast. Oh, yeah, yeah. And they just happen to be the same color palette that this is as well. At least remind. So that's why I was like thinking, seeing what you may like because podcast or the show can change its color palette Like teach gentec doesn't need to be the same as the podcast. It just happened to be because I like the same colors. I wonder if you can share template. Can I? Because I've got a template going for mine. Can I like share it? I believe so. Because I can like share one of these
Like teach gentec doesn't need to be the same as the podcast. It just happened to be because I like the same colors. I wonder if you can share template. Can I? Because I've got a template going for mine. Can I like share it? I believe so. Because I can like share one of these I would just suggest you make a copy. But if you were to share the file with me, it would bring over and let me mess with the graphic itself. It looks like maybe. No. I don't think I can. Does it have this option up here? Or like with the plus sign? No, not on the palette itself
I would just suggest you make a copy. But if you were to share the file with me, it would bring over and let me mess with the graphic itself. It looks like maybe. No. I don't think I can. Does it have this option up here? Or like with the plus sign? No, not on the palette itself Like, well, there is, but it's Agnew, which is what we're trying to do here. Now, man. Do you want the spotlight on you? Like, everybody will tell you how cute you are. But what are you doing? OK, well, so I'm not exactly sure. There might be a better way to do this
Like, well, there is, but it's Agnew, which is what we're trying to do here. Now, man. Do you want the spotlight on you? Like, everybody will tell you how cute you are. But what are you doing? OK, well, so I'm not exactly sure. There might be a better way to do this But what I'm going to do right now is I'm just going to copy and paste the hex codes. And you can create a palette on your end. I do it. OK. Oh, I apply for crossbeam. So I like, when I apply for jobs and I used to cost my cover cover letter and resume more, I would use their colors
But what I'm going to do right now is I'm just going to copy and paste the hex codes. And you can create a palette on your end. I do it. OK. Oh, I apply for crossbeam. So I like, when I apply for jobs and I used to cost my cover cover letter and resume more, I would use their colors It's all like, gracious. I'm sorry. Oh, L-O-Q-U-A-C-I-O-U-S. It's Laura, L-O-Q-A-C-I-S. What's Laura's L-O-Q-A-C-I-S livestream? The hex codes do make it easier. Here we go. Right. Yeah. Yay! All right. So when we go in here, not color. What if I go? Yeah. Colors. Reload. Colors. Yay! It's there
It's all like, gracious. I'm sorry. Oh, L-O-Q-U-A-C-I-O-U-S. It's Laura, L-O-Q-A-C-I-S. What's Laura's L-O-Q-A-C-I-S livestream? The hex codes do make it easier. Here we go. Right. Yeah. Yay! All right. So when we go in here, not color. What if I go? Yeah. Colors. Reload. Colors. Yay! It's there Yay! It's there. Mm-hmm. Sweet. So, feel like I'm still kind of stuck on the one that homey made like these ones, like updating it to your colors. Yeah, or like a combination of our colors. Yeah. Tweety bird image please go
Yay! It's there. Mm-hmm. Sweet. So, feel like I'm still kind of stuck on the one that homey made like these ones, like updating it to your colors. Yeah, or like a combination of our colors. Yeah. Tweety bird image please go But are there any other ones that you thought looked cool that we should try out to you? I just realized I should send you a link to my profile picture with the background removed. Would that be helpful? Or you already have that? I already have that. And that actually brings up a good point
But are there any other ones that you thought looked cool that we should try out to you? I just realized I should send you a link to my profile picture with the background removed. Would that be helpful? Or you already have that? I already have that. And that actually brings up a good point If you ever want to have a background removed, also look at how many creepy ones. So if I have like this one that has my background, I can go to edit image. Background removed. Mm-hmm. It's like the best thing ever created
If you ever want to have a background removed, also look at how many creepy ones. So if I have like this one that has my background, I can go to edit image. Background removed. Mm-hmm. It's like the best thing ever created I discovered that so this is actually one of the things that I that I was banging my head against because I discovered that it's looking for faces. So the first picture that I try the background removed on was the picture that is in my banner on like Twitter and stuff. If you pull it up
I discovered that so this is actually one of the things that I that I was banging my head against because I discovered that it's looking for faces. So the first picture that I try the background removed on was the picture that is in my banner on like Twitter and stuff. If you pull it up If you pull it up. I'm gonna pull up Twitter because I don't know what I have pulled up on Twitter and then I'll move it over. Check the free stand by. Hey, you changed your image. Mm-hmm. Yeah, okay. So that is a picture of me when I was six
If you pull it up. I'm gonna pull up Twitter because I don't know what I have pulled up on Twitter and then I'll move it over. Check the free stand by. Hey, you changed your image. Mm-hmm. Yeah, okay. So that is a picture of me when I was six And it turns out that it was it was profasing my future staring at computers going like what the fuck are we looking at right now. And yeah, so it cut out everything but me, the background removed her. And so then it was just like grainy picture of a child going. And so that was frustrating
And it turns out that it was it was profasing my future staring at computers going like what the fuck are we looking at right now. And yeah, so it cut out everything but me, the background removed her. And so then it was just like grainy picture of a child going. And so that was frustrating And so I used, I tried using the manual one and that worked a little bit better but it was still a little bit. It wasn't super good. Interesting. So yes, the background removed her works fabulously if what you want to do is remove the background and it be left with a picture with just just a human
And so I used, I tried using the manual one and that worked a little bit better but it was still a little bit. It wasn't super good. Interesting. So yes, the background removed her works fabulously if what you want to do is remove the background and it be left with a picture with just just a human I don't know how it works on more than one human. It works really well on one human. I have not tried it on a cat or whatever but I do know that it will cut out everything that's not not that like at least a human or maybe cats and whatever's. I also don't know how racist it is
I don't know how it works on more than one human. It works really well on one human. I have not tried it on a cat or whatever but I do know that it will cut out everything that's not not that like at least a human or maybe cats and whatever's. I also don't know how racist it is That's my next 10 to be racist. Yeah, that brings up, I mean, it also matters on like the coloring of the background. Because it kept all. Mom, I'm trying to talk. It kept all of this actually with the background to remove her on jays. I didn't add that in there. So yeah, which I thought was
That's my next 10 to be racist. Yeah, that brings up, I mean, it also matters on like the coloring of the background. Because it kept all. Mom, I'm trying to talk. It kept all of this actually with the background to remove her on jays. I didn't add that in there. So yeah, which I thought was I'm going to kick you out of my room. You can't hang on me off if you're going to talk this life. So if I maybe restore or store. No. Yeah, it is still my uploads. This is the original. Bring two friends. So it actually. Beer be y'all. That was fun. That was a lot of fun. Yes
I'm going to kick you out of my room. You can't hang on me off if you're going to talk this life. So if I maybe restore or store. No. Yeah, it is still my uploads. This is the original. Bring two friends. So it actually. Beer be y'all. That was fun. That was a lot of fun. Yes Yes. Keona is 12 and oh Laura, can you sing because I feel like I should just like disappear again if you're going to sing to us. I didn't. I didn't. Thank you. Oh, it was Bacari's idea. I see. I have to like work up to work up to that. It's a thing I do. But it's like an anxiety thing
Yes. Keona is 12 and oh Laura, can you sing because I feel like I should just like disappear again if you're going to sing to us. I didn't. I didn't. Thank you. Oh, it was Bacari's idea. I see. I have to like work up to work up to that. It's a thing I do. But it's like an anxiety thing So I have to like build myself up to it. Okay. Okay. Let's build Laura up to do in this someday. Yeah, definitely not today. Keona wanted to interrupt is. Oh, no. Freaking. That's the ability. It is your face. Jay, we're talking about you, Jay
So I have to like build myself up to it. Okay. Okay. Let's build Laura up to do in this someday. Yeah, definitely not today. Keona wanted to interrupt is. Oh, no. Freaking. That's the ability. It is your face. Jay, we're talking about you, Jay Actually, weirdly, we're talking about Canva, Jay, and we were talking about how Canva can be racist when it's removing background removers. And I actually used your image as an example because it kept all of your image. Like it kept all this cool stuff in the background. I didn't do that
Actually, weirdly, we're talking about Canva, Jay, and we were talking about how Canva can be racist when it's removing background removers. And I actually used your image as an example because it kept all of your image. Like it kept all this cool stuff in the background. I didn't do that I didn't do that. We're on this one. It removed the background the way it was. So as we know, a lot of things that auto do things don't always see all skin colors. And that's what you walked into. But you also missed me getting frustrated at my dog and kicking her out of my office. We are
I didn't do that. We're on this one. It removed the background the way it was. So as we know, a lot of things that auto do things don't always see all skin colors. And that's what you walked into. But you also missed me getting frustrated at my dog and kicking her out of my office. We are We are. Oh, okay. Well, that works. We're also working on creating our graphic. So, but even this one, if you guys want to see a funny photo. So this is a good before and after, but it will do a decent job on because the colors are far enough apart
We are. Oh, okay. Well, that works. We're also working on creating our graphic. So, but even this one, if you guys want to see a funny photo. So this is a good before and after, but it will do a decent job on because the colors are far enough apart But this is where I don't always understand how Canva works because with this black background that I had on with black pants, it still removed it where like with Jay's it didn't. So Canva, yeah, do better. That's all I got. Do better
But this is where I don't always understand how Canva works because with this black background that I had on with black pants, it still removed it where like with Jay's it didn't. So Canva, yeah, do better. That's all I got. Do better Do better. So if we go back down to Laura's or what we might have is Laura's. Laura does not have a favorite color. I asked because I was going to ask about this. But we can do. And please let me know if you want me to do something else to these. I'm kind of just guessing as I'm going. Sure
Do better. So if we go back down to Laura's or what we might have is Laura's. Laura does not have a favorite color. I asked because I was going to ask about this. But we can do. And please let me know if you want me to do something else to these. I'm kind of just guessing as I'm going. Sure Sure. Tweety tag. Twitter change color. Thank you. Yes. This. No, I don't know how to spell miscellaneous. You know, in the space that's available there, like the size of that space, I think that that abbreviation is probably the way to go anyway. Okay. Me. And we need to change these
Sure. Tweety tag. Twitter change color. Thank you. Yes. This. No, I don't know how to spell miscellaneous. You know, in the space that's available there, like the size of that space, I think that that abbreviation is probably the way to go anyway. Okay. Me. And we need to change these I keep wondering like, is this the last week that we're linking to Twitter's? Or I don't know. To be honest, it's definitely something that I think a matter to you talk to you. Because a lot of people are just doing it as a like if everybody else leaves their leaving
I keep wondering like, is this the last week that we're linking to Twitter's? Or I don't know. To be honest, it's definitely something that I think a matter to you talk to you. Because a lot of people are just doing it as a like if everybody else leaves their leaving That is not how you spell your last week. But I can see it. Okay. I don't know. Should we. I mean, maybe we still put Twitter's and then read that will redirect people to you, master it on. You know, I don't know
That is not how you spell your last week. But I can see it. Okay. I don't know. Should we. I mean, maybe we still put Twitter's and then read that will redirect people to you, master it on. You know, I don't know It just like because even even like fullest like social media philosophies aside, like it seems like the website itself might be in like in trouble, like in down to the infrastructural sort of sense. And so it could be that even if everybody were like, yes, we're definitely staying
It just like because even even like fullest like social media philosophies aside, like it seems like the website itself might be in like in trouble, like in down to the infrastructural sort of sense. And so it could be that even if everybody were like, yes, we're definitely staying The website might be self-destructing. What do y'all think? I mean, we got a pretty good crew here of people hanging out with us. What do you y'all think? Do we do we think Twitter's going to shut down forever? I have. I finally figured it out. So, I have a hope
The website might be self-destructing. What do y'all think? I mean, we got a pretty good crew here of people hanging out with us. What do you y'all think? Do we do we think Twitter's going to shut down forever? I have. I finally figured it out. So, I have a hope So, I have a hope. I have a very strong hope that's probably not going to be realized. But here's my hope. My hope is that that someone like Mackenzie Scott will buy it out of bankruptcy and gift it to the Library of Congress
So, I have a hope. I have a very strong hope that's probably not going to be realized. But here's my hope. My hope is that that someone like Mackenzie Scott will buy it out of bankruptcy and gift it to the Library of Congress And the Library of Congress will maintain it in like a read-only state so that it's preserved for history and also so that the links still work. That's what I'm hoping. If it goes bankrupt, I'm hoping somebody like Mackenzie Scott will buy it and give it to the Library of Congress. All right
And the Library of Congress will maintain it in like a read-only state so that it's preserved for history and also so that the links still work. That's what I'm hoping. If it goes bankrupt, I'm hoping somebody like Mackenzie Scott will buy it and give it to the Library of Congress. All right All right. So much history has actually taken place on Twitter. Like the Black Lives Matter movement. I mean, it obviously took place in real life, not on Twitter, but a lot of it was documented on Twitter. And in in Tehran, you know, so many so many movements
All right. So much history has actually taken place on Twitter. Like the Black Lives Matter movement. I mean, it obviously took place in real life, not on Twitter, but a lot of it was documented on Twitter. And in in Tehran, you know, so many so many movements All of these movements get documented where on Twitter. And so we need to keep it preserved for history. Yeah. And Bacari said mostly other countries, you know, homie talked about was there talk about it today. Lots of things that is not in all places yet
All of these movements get documented where on Twitter. And so we need to keep it preserved for history. Yeah. And Bacari said mostly other countries, you know, homie talked about was there talk about it today. Lots of things that is not in all places yet And then Ramon talking about is Arab Spring would the place that the Twitter was able to help save people because they were able to use Twitter to communicate? So Arab Spring was what like 20... 10? And was was I mean, it happened actually all over the place. It wasn't a place
And then Ramon talking about is Arab Spring would the place that the Twitter was able to help save people because they were able to use Twitter to communicate? So Arab Spring was what like 20... 10? And was was I mean, it happened actually all over the place. It wasn't a place It was it was a whole bunch of places in the Middle East, but it was it was documented and maybe propelled by the ability to communicate through Twitter, like using using hashtags or I'm not sure if it was specifically hashtags, but anyway, people were able to to link information together. Yeah
It was it was a whole bunch of places in the Middle East, but it was it was documented and maybe propelled by the ability to communicate through Twitter, like using using hashtags or I'm not sure if it was specifically hashtags, but anyway, people were able to to link information together. Yeah Yeah. In in that way, I was actually not on Twitter at that time. And so I'm just sort of doing a bad job of summarizing that. I posted the Wikipedia page, but go to what Ben D
Yeah. In in that way, I was actually not on Twitter at that time. And so I'm just sort of doing a bad job of summarizing that. I posted the Wikipedia page, but go to what Ben D was saying of they think linking to Twitter user names is fine for the immediate moment, but that as a public people, we should plan as Twitter won't be here tomorrow, whatever that means for us individually. That I have your names and numbers or discords or something. I know. And and Mastodon
was saying of they think linking to Twitter user names is fine for the immediate moment, but that as a public people, we should plan as Twitter won't be here tomorrow, whatever that means for us individually. That I have your names and numbers or discords or something. I know. And and Mastodon And and Mastodon. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I'm working my way into liking Mastodon. I'm not there yet. It's a process. Not there yet, but and it's not like it's perfect. It's not perfect. I think that is oddly something that I'm struggling with
And and Mastodon. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I'm working my way into liking Mastodon. I'm not there yet. It's a process. Not there yet, but and it's not like it's perfect. It's not perfect. I think that is oddly something that I'm struggling with This is also not as pretty, but that's, you know, it's it's okay. That also depends on which instance you're in. True. And we're talking about that last week of how that really does matter on the instance. And if uh geocities we're all going to be showing our age here
This is also not as pretty, but that's, you know, it's it's okay. That also depends on which instance you're in. True. And we're talking about that last week of how that really does matter on the instance. And if uh geocities we're all going to be showing our age here I want to go I I liked my space. I hated my space. It was so loud. It was such an assault. I loved my space. I loved my space. I made friends off of my space because of random shit out of my nice face
I want to go I I liked my space. I hated my space. It was so loud. It was such an assault. I loved my space. I loved my space. I made friends off of my space because of random shit out of my nice face They'd be like, I mean, this I felt stress in my body just clicking on somebody's profile because it would be so it was so loud
They'd be like, I mean, this I felt stress in my body just clicking on somebody's profile because it would be so it was so loud I mean, some people's profiles were like so loud both like visually and in audio and people would do that thing where they like hid the buttons so that you couldn't turn it off
I mean, some people's profiles were like so loud both like visually and in audio and people would do that thing where they like hid the buttons so that you couldn't turn it off And it was just so I have I have stress when I think about being on my space because it was just such a like sensory overload. I get that. Evan essence. Oh my god. That was a while
And it was just so I have I have stress when I think about being on my space because it was just such a like sensory overload. I get that. Evan essence. Oh my god. That was a while That was a while. And you know what is like getting to me at the moment though is that I didn't know any of y'all then but like we were all on say my space or like listening to Evan essence and so on
That was a while. And you know what is like getting to me at the moment though is that I didn't know any of y'all then but like we were all on say my space or like listening to Evan essence and so on And so like it's it's like nice to sort of like retroactively go go back and think about like how oh we didn't know each other but we were still connected in these little ways and then you know 15 years later we'd be buds. I don't know I'm a dork. It's true it's true
And so like it's it's like nice to sort of like retroactively go go back and think about like how oh we didn't know each other but we were still connected in these little ways and then you know 15 years later we'd be buds. I don't know I'm a dork. It's true it's true I have a lot of internet friends now and if it wasn't for Twitter I wouldn't have them. Mm-hmm. And that makes me so. Laura you and I would not be friends if it wasn't for Twitter because we met through a remote and remote and I met through Twitter. Uh-huh
I have a lot of internet friends now and if it wasn't for Twitter I wouldn't have them. Mm-hmm. And that makes me so. Laura you and I would not be friends if it wasn't for Twitter because we met through a remote and remote and I met through Twitter. Uh-huh Uh-huh. And I have my job because I was featured on Vinny Kungh's diversified tech newsletter which I only knew about because of Twitter. So yeah. This is something that is aggravating about Canva in case you guys wanted to know of like trying to just get pictures the same size
Uh-huh. And I have my job because I was featured on Vinny Kungh's diversified tech newsletter which I only knew about because of Twitter. So yeah. This is something that is aggravating about Canva in case you guys wanted to know of like trying to just get pictures the same size And then also you click on do on something and it'll just like bring back the entire background and you're like I didn't ask for that but thanks. I realized I have to put teach you on tech somewhere. That's not what I want. I don't know where. Well. There we go. Let's see
And then also you click on do on something and it'll just like bring back the entire background and you're like I didn't ask for that but thanks. I realized I have to put teach you on tech somewhere. That's not what I want. I don't know where. Well. There we go. Let's see Let's see. Maybe I mean would it make sense to just have it be just just putting miscellaneous Mondays and then our handles because otherwise I feel like it's sort of confusing like which one of these is the name of the the stream that this graphic is for. You know what I mean? Yes. I do. Um
Let's see. Maybe I mean would it make sense to just have it be just just putting miscellaneous Mondays and then our handles because otherwise I feel like it's sort of confusing like which one of these is the name of the the stream that this graphic is for. You know what I mean? Yes. I do. Um I do. Um. I use my link. I don't use my link. I post stuff to it just to make sure I did it for what Ramon said. And then homie just said I put one pick on top of the other one while resizing. Yes. Yes. I do that a lot. I think where I get stuck on the resizing is the face size
I do. Um. I use my link. I don't use my link. I post stuff to it just to make sure I did it for what Ramon said. And then homie just said I put one pick on top of the other one while resizing. Yes. Yes. I do that a lot. I think where I get stuck on the resizing is the face size Because they're on top of each other. You may not see like how the the image itself may be aligned but it may not be the right proportions for faces which can look weird. And but then how do we make people know that they could watch it on either one of them if we don't put our livestreams
Because they're on top of each other. You may not see like how the the image itself may be aligned but it may not be the right proportions for faces which can look weird. And but then how do we make people know that they could watch it on either one of them if we don't put our livestreams I don't know. It's too hard. You know what? I'll bet other people have solved this problem. I'll bet that there are other people that have like that have a coaststream and we don't have to reinvent the wheel. Ramon Ben. What what do you guys? Let's go talk. They're they're twitches
I don't know. It's too hard. You know what? I'll bet other people have solved this problem. I'll bet that there are other people that have like that have a coaststream and we don't have to reinvent the wheel. Ramon Ben. What what do you guys? Let's go talk. They're they're twitches Twitch twitch twitch twitch. So y'all we are going to link to some dope humans here shortly and go get it. Good luck. Good luck. Good luck. Good luck. Good luck. Yay. Let's see. He's squeezing thumbs. You know, I feel like this is the hard part is some of the Olympics. Yes, Bacari. So down. Yeah
Twitch twitch twitch twitch. So y'all we are going to link to some dope humans here shortly and go get it. Good luck. Good luck. Good luck. Good luck. Good luck. Yay. Let's see. He's squeezing thumbs. You know, I feel like this is the hard part is some of the Olympics. Yes, Bacari. So down. Yeah So down. Yeah. Yeah. Ramon, you you coaststream with with result all the time. Right. How do y'all how do y'all do the graphic right? We just went in section on on some antics. Wow. Right. Y'all should go follow Ben. Very cool. And hi. Thanks, Ramon. Oh, okay. Let me go find my discord
So down. Yeah. Yeah. Ramon, you you coaststream with with result all the time. Right. How do y'all how do y'all do the graphic right? We just went in section on on some antics. Wow. Right. Y'all should go follow Ben. Very cool. And hi. Thanks, Ramon. Oh, okay. Let me go find my discord Do you do do you go back to Canva in the meantime. So many taps different tabs. I could talk them on Twitter in the meantime. As I get older in case this happens to anyone else, I say things that my grandparents and my mom say anyhow. Anyhow. Anyhow. That is the most aggravating thing in the world
Do you do do you go back to Canva in the meantime. So many taps different tabs. I could talk them on Twitter in the meantime. As I get older in case this happens to anyone else, I say things that my grandparents and my mom say anyhow. Anyhow. Anyhow. That is the most aggravating thing in the world This is a cool one too. Okay. Okay. Um, might actually drop in here. I don't want to, don't want you to just do with that. Please stand by everyone. I am this is a really cool graphic and I'm used to share it with you. Ta-da! But y'all created a new graphic too
This is a cool one too. Okay. Okay. Um, might actually drop in here. I don't want to, don't want you to just do with that. Please stand by everyone. I am this is a really cool graphic and I'm used to share it with you. Ta-da! But y'all created a new graphic too I think maybe maybe then the the key is to have it if like the more words you need to have, then this the fewer other elements like the like the cassette in the back. You know, the tape wasn't it? Something like that
I think maybe maybe then the the key is to have it if like the more words you need to have, then this the fewer other elements like the like the cassette in the back. You know, the tape wasn't it? Something like that Okay, we're going to use this one for reference and look at all their beautiful faces. Okay. Okay. So we will. Okay. So, Ramon just said I too have a candle and it triggered this memory of a Catholic joke. Oh
Okay, we're going to use this one for reference and look at all their beautiful faces. Okay. Okay. So we will. Okay. So, Ramon just said I too have a candle and it triggered this memory of a Catholic joke. Oh Oh. So, so there was a cardinal and whose last name was actually sinned and so the name was Cardinal sin. And so this this priest, you know, there's the forgive me father for I have sinned. Right. And so a priest has actually fathered a child and so he says forgive me sin for I have fathered
Oh. So, so there was a cardinal and whose last name was actually sinned and so the name was Cardinal sin. And so this this priest, you know, there's the forgive me father for I have sinned. Right. And so a priest has actually fathered a child and so he says forgive me sin for I have fathered Allegedly that actually happened. I know what this is. Let's go gradient for him background. I don't know if I can change the colors. Can I change the colors? Well, you let me change the colors. I don't think so. Yeah. Yeah. Wait. Only solid colors
Allegedly that actually happened. I know what this is. Let's go gradient for him background. I don't know if I can change the colors. Can I change the colors? Well, you let me change the colors. I don't think so. Yeah. Yeah. Wait. Only solid colors Only solid colors. This is also the fun thing of Canva is it doesn't always let you change things that are gradient. Yeah. And yeah, that's an edit image. How about gradient box? I don't care what you're greedy. Oh, I mean elements. Gradient gradient. I feel like I hear a white noise machine. Oh
Only solid colors. This is also the fun thing of Canva is it doesn't always let you change things that are gradient. Yeah. And yeah, that's an edit image. How about gradient box? I don't care what you're greedy. Oh, I mean elements. Gradient gradient. I feel like I hear a white noise machine. Oh Oh. Do I? No. Hold on. Um. Now you just hear my machine. Oh, good. And the fans not cooling it down enough. I need to get a new computer. Just a second. I have to go see if my house is on fire. I'll be right back. Well, or maybe I won't. We'll see. Well, um, oh, she's back. She's back. We're okay
Oh. Do I? No. Hold on. Um. Now you just hear my machine. Oh, good. And the fans not cooling it down enough. I need to get a new computer. Just a second. I have to go see if my house is on fire. I'll be right back. Well, or maybe I won't. We'll see. Well, um, oh, she's back. She's back. We're okay We're okay. My mom's burning toast. Oh, so that might have been the noise you started hearing me thinking it was my fan. I don't think so. Okay. Do you still? Well, when you have sound again. Someone's microwave trying to connect to the internet. I like it. I like it
We're okay. My mom's burning toast. Oh, so that might have been the noise you started hearing me thinking it was my fan. I don't think so. Okay. Do you still? Well, when you have sound again. Someone's microwave trying to connect to the internet. I like it. I like it I like it. Um, this house actually did burn down when I was seven, I guess. Oh, wow. Okay. I was just going to say can, um, Laura, can we take photos like this and be a, so this graphic in for a dance crew? And I'm like, I've always wanted to be a dance crew. I can't dance at all
I like it. Um, this house actually did burn down when I was seven, I guess. Oh, wow. Okay. I was just going to say can, um, Laura, can we take photos like this and be a, so this graphic in for a dance crew? And I'm like, I've always wanted to be a dance crew. I can't dance at all But this is actually a really cool photo. I think. It is. Um, but that's not actually what I was trying to do. I like remote solution of no gradient, but you guys have something cool and as gradient and but yours is solid. Okay. We'll have solid background. I will listen
But this is actually a really cool photo. I think. It is. Um, but that's not actually what I was trying to do. I like remote solution of no gradient, but you guys have something cool and as gradient and but yours is solid. Okay. We'll have solid background. I will listen I will listen. I don't know if you can hear my parents yelling at each other. Bye, Ben. See you later. Bye, Ben. Oh. Oh, maybe I want that. Laura, I'm using you for a second. Because I can feel here that thing
I will listen. I don't know if you can hear my parents yelling at each other. Bye, Ben. See you later. Bye, Ben. Oh. Oh, maybe I want that. Laura, I'm using you for a second. Because I can feel here that thing And I'm like, so I'm going to hope that this is going in a way like the meantime of, hold on. Because I like how they did it with, they're all in circles and then they got the two streams. Okay. So we could be in circles. Photo. So. Circle photo frame. And we. Yeah. Nope. Just kidding
And I'm like, so I'm going to hope that this is going in a way like the meantime of, hold on. Because I like how they did it with, they're all in circles and then they got the two streams. Okay. So we could be in circles. Photo. So. Circle photo frame. And we. Yeah. Nope. Just kidding Nope. Just kidding. Because Canva has the ones that. Do you let you just like keep the size. Okay. Okay. There we go. Look at Laura. Well, I'm not back yet, but she's in her circle. And we can do this. What a sparkle around it. Oh. Well, that was. Oh, hey. I don't know what you all think. Okay
Nope. Just kidding. Because Canva has the ones that. Do you let you just like keep the size. Okay. Okay. There we go. Look at Laura. Well, I'm not back yet, but she's in her circle. And we can do this. What a sparkle around it. Oh. Well, that was. Oh, hey. I don't know what you all think. Okay Okay. Group. What y'all think of this. She's in a sparkly frame. Wait, make the frame slightly bigger. What the heck. I'm. And then Laura go away. There we go. Laura, look, you're. You were in a go. Why does it keep going away? I'm all good now. Okay. Well, you're in a gold circle. Woo
Okay. Group. What y'all think of this. She's in a sparkly frame. Wait, make the frame slightly bigger. What the heck. I'm. And then Laura go away. There we go. Laura, look, you're. You were in a go. Why does it keep going away? I'm all good now. Okay. Well, you're in a gold circle. Woo Woo. We got that far. Do you like the gold or is it too flashy? Yeah, I like the gold. Sweet. Okay. And duplicate. And see if my photo can go it. No, no, no. Okay. Ungroup. No. There we go. So. Well, that kind of worked. I don't know why it keeps deleting the. The image. Well, I can't
Woo. We got that far. Do you like the gold or is it too flashy? Yeah, I like the gold. Sweet. Okay. And duplicate. And see if my photo can go it. No, no, no. Okay. Ungroup. No. There we go. So. Well, that kind of worked. I don't know why it keeps deleting the. The image. Well, I can't Well, I can't. Yeah, yeah, this is. It's really is. I'm not doing dev role work. Trying to figure out graphics, trying to figure out how to. Live stream stuff. Okay. Let's see. Yeah. Yeah. I think that works. You can't see well enough. No, no. Hey. And we will group them together. Group
Well, I can't. Yeah, yeah, this is. It's really is. I'm not doing dev role work. Trying to figure out graphics, trying to figure out how to. Live stream stuff. Okay. Let's see. Yeah. Yeah. I think that works. You can't see well enough. No, no. Hey. And we will group them together. Group Group. I wish you luck, sir. I wish you luck. Start up live. Okay. And actually speaking of startup life, I'm going to have to go in about eight minutes. I'll be working on our graphic. Don't worry about me. I'll. Cool. Cool. It's gonna be. Other than. I like your font. Which one? The. This one
Group. I wish you luck, sir. I wish you luck. Start up live. Okay. And actually speaking of startup life, I'm going to have to go in about eight minutes. I'll be working on our graphic. Don't worry about me. I'll. Cool. Cool. It's gonna be. Other than. I like your font. Which one? The. This one This one. It's called computer says no. Like it. Okay. And Ramon, I really, really do not envy you about being the new videographer of the of the company now. Stop. Fun. You are. Computer behavior. Come back. Come back. No. This Monday's. Yeah, we can make that smiley
This one. It's called computer says no. Like it. Okay. And Ramon, I really, really do not envy you about being the new videographer of the of the company now. Stop. Fun. You are. Computer behavior. Come back. Come back. No. This Monday's. Yeah, we can make that smiley Yeah, I feel like I'm trying my best not to just copy their format 100%. It is not going really well right now. You know, something, something I do sometimes is I will just like directly copy to start off with like my first draft is just direct copy and then you know iterating from there
Yeah, I feel like I'm trying my best not to just copy their format 100%. It is not going really well right now. You know, something, something I do sometimes is I will just like directly copy to start off with like my first draft is just direct copy and then you know iterating from there But not trying to do both at the same time like not both trying to like get all of the elements in place and put my own spin on them. That is smart. That is smart. All right. I'm going to put that back. I'm also staring at them thinking. Uh, well, we can
But not trying to do both at the same time like not both trying to like get all of the elements in place and put my own spin on them. That is smart. That is smart. All right. I'm going to put that back. I'm also staring at them thinking. Uh, well, we can Uh, well, we can. Okay, well, I'm just going to go with all work on this one because we've already taken an hour of working through random stuff and. Homie said that's what Millie Vanille used to do just never the second part. I think this one's going above my head. Who's milling the milling? Um
Uh, well, we can. Okay, well, I'm just going to go with all work on this one because we've already taken an hour of working through random stuff and. Homie said that's what Millie Vanille used to do just never the second part. I think this one's going above my head. Who's milling the milling? Um I think they were a band in like the maybe early 90s something like that. And they got caught lip syncing. Maybe it was. Uh, oh, hmm. I kind of think. Real voice. Yeah. Yeah. Who's the real voice behind millie Vanille? Yeah. Yeah
I think they were a band in like the maybe early 90s something like that. And they got caught lip syncing. Maybe it was. Uh, oh, hmm. I kind of think. Real voice. Yeah. Yeah. Who's the real voice behind millie Vanille? Yeah. Yeah Yeah. So I think they were they were lip syncing and then they were like on stage and what they were lips the track they were lip syncing to like went out and so it became obvious and then they could not. Sing and so it became obvious that they were not in fact. Doing their voices. Thank you
Yeah. So I think they were they were lip syncing and then they were like on stage and what they were lips the track they were lip syncing to like went out and so it became obvious and then they could not. Sing and so it became obvious that they were not in fact. Doing their voices. Thank you Thank you. Is the way that worked. I was. I was alive, but I was very little. I was worried about it. Is. I don't know who here is all about the podcast, but there's podcasts that I got to find right now. Yeah. I'm like super concentrated on this. I know
Thank you. Is the way that worked. I was. I was alive, but I was very little. I was worried about it. Is. I don't know who here is all about the podcast, but there's podcasts that I got to find right now. Yeah. I'm like super concentrated on this. I know I know. I guess I will work on finding this for us later of there's a podcast called not past it. And it talked about how there was a woman who actually listen to her voice being stolen. And I think that's why I think it's not a lot of people would. And she went through it multiple times
I know. I guess I will work on finding this for us later of there's a podcast called not past it. And it talked about how there was a woman who actually listen to her voice being stolen. And I think that's why I think it's not a lot of people would. And she went through it multiple times And, but it was before they said that lip syncing and that kind of stuff was not allowed. It seems they just returned to the countryside. I think that's the reason they might go to places and I was more interested in. Now I need to also find out why
And, but it was before they said that lip syncing and that kind of stuff was not allowed. It seems they just returned to the countryside. I think that's the reason they might go to places and I was more interested in. Now I need to also find out why I missed all of these episodes that I'm looking on for my computer. There's a ton more episodes and I'm like, it told me you were done that you had no more. But yay, there are more
I missed all of these episodes that I'm looking on for my computer. There's a ton more episodes and I'm like, it told me you were done that you had no more. But yay, there are more OK, well, I'll post about this on Twitter later on what this is, and I'll tag you when I figure out what episode this is. hanging out on Missk Mondays. Because next week, we will probably have this figured out. Are we still doing next week? Because it is Thanksgiving week
OK, well, I'll post about this on Twitter later on what this is, and I'll tag you when I figure out what episode this is. hanging out on Missk Mondays. Because next week, we will probably have this figured out. Are we still doing next week? Because it is Thanksgiving week I mean, I'm still down, but I'm down. Cool. Cool. And then we'll have a stream on Tuesday, and then we'll be taking the rest of the week off probably. Cool. At least for this stream. And I am going to go see if there's somebody we can raid into so that way we get to know more new people
I mean, I'm still down, but I'm down. Cool. Cool. And then we'll have a stream on Tuesday, and then we'll be taking the rest of the week off probably. Cool. At least for this stream. And I am going to go see if there's somebody we can raid into so that way we get to know more new people Because I think that's always good. Do you ever raid? That's a weird question, Laura. But do you ever read the other ones? I am doing my very first stream on my own channel tomorrow. However, I plan to raid. Yes. OK. OK. All right. Well, y'all are getting raided into coding garden
Because I think that's always good. Do you ever raid? That's a weird question, Laura. But do you ever read the other ones? I am doing my very first stream on my own channel tomorrow. However, I plan to raid. Yes. OK. OK. All right. Well, y'all are getting raided into coding garden And I've done that raid before. They seem pretty cool. I do need to make sure to go check them out. So bye all, and have a lovely day. Bye. Thanks for joining us. Bye.
And I've done that raid before. They seem pretty cool. I do need to make sure to go check them out. So bye all, and have a lovely day. Bye. Thanks for joining us. Bye.