Yes, there we go. We're live. We live! Hello, hello beautiful humans. Welcome back to another Tuesday with Jay. And another Tuesday. Whoa, whoa. Here's our... Which is going on a different, different tab and scared the bananas out of me. Here in myself talk. Keep the bananas in the peels Okay, I am alive. Scared me, but we're here and we are doing this. Today we are talking with Jay about the S code
Okay, I am alive. Scared me, but we're here and we are doing this. Today we are talking with Jay about the S code And I'm pretty excited about this, but Jay for those who are new to having seen you on the show and also to the S code, could you introduce yourself and what we're talking about today? Yeah, I'm Jay. I'm a senior cloud advocate at Microsoft. I mostly do Python things every once in a while
And I'm pretty excited about this, but Jay for those who are new to having seen you on the show and also to the S code, could you introduce yourself and what we're talking about today? Yeah, I'm Jay. I'm a senior cloud advocate at Microsoft. I mostly do Python things every once in a while Jen and friends get me to do some TypeScript things and I'm not getting TypeScript. Save that now. But my job is to mostly talk to developers about things Azure and things VS code. So when Jen said, hey, I want to talk things VS code. I was like, sweet. Let's do my job, I guess
Jen and friends get me to do some TypeScript things and I'm not getting TypeScript. Save that now. But my job is to mostly talk to developers about things Azure and things VS code. So when Jen said, hey, I want to talk things VS code. I was like, sweet. Let's do my job, I guess Yay! And yes, hello, homie, Perthop. And then yes. So, yes code can do a lot of cool shenanigans and all I use it for is like out of the box other than like installing Python to it
Yay! And yes, hello, homie, Perthop. And then yes. So, yes code can do a lot of cool shenanigans and all I use it for is like out of the box other than like installing Python to it I was just talking to someone about this yesterday about one of the things I like about VS code is that if you don't have time to make it yours, it works right out the box really well. And you can take the time that you need to slowly make it more and more yours
I was just talking to someone about this yesterday about one of the things I like about VS code is that if you don't have time to make it yours, it works right out the box really well. And you can take the time that you need to slowly make it more and more yours And if things go away or things are no longer needed, you can continue to modify it without having to like completely rebuild the wheel every time. But even if your wheel is just the basic editor itself, that's probably good enough in many cases
And if things go away or things are no longer needed, you can continue to modify it without having to like completely rebuild the wheel every time. But even if your wheel is just the basic editor itself, that's probably good enough in many cases Yay! And Yarae is joining us from YouTube and said, glad to make it in time for their glad to make it for my their lunch time. See if I can talk. Wow, words, words Jen, Yarae thing. And what of Anthony? Yay, we got a crew today. Now I will say that it's like all of the originals
Yay! And Yarae is joining us from YouTube and said, glad to make it in time for their glad to make it for my their lunch time. See if I can talk. Wow, words, words Jen, Yarae thing. And what of Anthony? Yay, we got a crew today. Now I will say that it's like all of the originals So my my very first stream was with Yarae and then my second stream was with Anthony. And I'm pretty sure it was Anthony who talked me through how to download VS code and then I kind of sort of added things since then, but again, it's been like to do Python
So my my very first stream was with Yarae and then my second stream was with Anthony. And I'm pretty sure it was Anthony who talked me through how to download VS code and then I kind of sort of added things since then, but again, it's been like to do Python So and just as I know that I've grown that I can google this, but just in case other people are looking at this for the very first time as like, hey, what is VS code and we should look at it. I'm going to share my entire screen once I figure out what screen I want. There we go. And maybe, maybe
So and just as I know that I've grown that I can google this, but just in case other people are looking at this for the very first time as like, hey, what is VS code and we should look at it. I'm going to share my entire screen once I figure out what screen I want. There we go. And maybe, maybe And maybe, maybe. VS code. That's basically how I've learned about as a developer or a dev role or anybody anti-cog. The key part of your job is learning how to google and google well. Thanks
And maybe, maybe. VS code. That's basically how I've learned about as a developer or a dev role or anybody anti-cog. The key part of your job is learning how to google and google well. Thanks Thanks. And my Google this is getting better, but half the time I'm reaching out to you, actually one of you that are here today going, hey, how do I google this? My words don't make sense. Yeah. Well, let's I want to I want to first get a good understanding of where you are with VS code
Thanks. And my Google this is getting better, but half the time I'm reaching out to you, actually one of you that are here today going, hey, how do I google this? My words don't make sense. Yeah. Well, let's I want to I want to first get a good understanding of where you are with VS code So VS code is well, actually, here's a quick quiz. One question quiz is VS code a code editor an IDE both neither or J. What are you talking about? Okay. I feel so it's it's both. Although I feel like I want to hear your explanation of it
So VS code is well, actually, here's a quick quiz. One question quiz is VS code a code editor an IDE both neither or J. What are you talking about? Okay. I feel so it's it's both. Although I feel like I want to hear your explanation of it So I'm not going to do the correct answer and say, what are you talking about? Okay. Well, the answer is it depends. That's always the answer, especially in dev realm. The answer is always it depends because can it be set up to be an ID absolutely. Is it considered an IDE by Microsoft? No
So I'm not going to do the correct answer and say, what are you talking about? Okay. Well, the answer is it depends. That's always the answer, especially in dev realm. The answer is always it depends because can it be set up to be an ID absolutely. Is it considered an IDE by Microsoft? No An IDE is an yeah, nevermind. Google says it's an integrated development environment. Ideas traditionally give you all the tools that you need to run test, build, deploy all those things for your code. VS code by design is not an IDE. It's a code editor
An IDE is an yeah, nevermind. Google says it's an integrated development environment. Ideas traditionally give you all the tools that you need to run test, build, deploy all those things for your code. VS code by design is not an IDE. It's a code editor It's a code editor. It was meant to just give you a place to write code. The big brother of VS code Visual Studio is an IDE out of the box. It has a lot of the tools that you need to run tests, develop, deploy your code, mostly C sharp or C those those type of things traditionally
It's a code editor. It was meant to just give you a place to write code. The big brother of VS code Visual Studio is an IDE out of the box. It has a lot of the tools that you need to run tests, develop, deploy your code, mostly C sharp or C those those type of things traditionally Also, if there's anyone from Microsoft watching and I'm getting any of this wrong, feel free to correct me. I just pretend to know what I'm doing. Work on the stream and come hang out with us. You know, we can do another episode
Also, if there's anyone from Microsoft watching and I'm getting any of this wrong, feel free to correct me. I just pretend to know what I'm doing. Work on the stream and come hang out with us. You know, we can do another episode That being said, one of the things that VS code has that has kind of become the standard nowadays is a rich extension ecosystem. And you said some things about like setting up VS code for Python and things like that
That being said, one of the things that VS code has that has kind of become the standard nowadays is a rich extension ecosystem. And you said some things about like setting up VS code for Python and things like that VS code has one, I don't want to call it a weakness because I think it is a strength, but I think that the people that don't use VS code or specifically don't like VS code always don't like it for the same reason. And that's because VS code has to be as much as it can be for all the languages
VS code has one, I don't want to call it a weakness because I think it is a strength, but I think that the people that don't use VS code or specifically don't like VS code always don't like it for the same reason. And that's because VS code has to be as much as it can be for all the languages C sharp, Python, JavaScript, Rust, you know, all those things. It can't dive deep. It can't be a T-shaped developer where it's like general for most things and then really good at one thing. It has to be kind of medium like breadth for everything else
C sharp, Python, JavaScript, Rust, you know, all those things. It can't dive deep. It can't be a T-shaped developer where it's like general for most things and then really good at one thing. It has to be kind of medium like breadth for everything else I'm gigalining because I feel like you just described it that role. Yeah, I mean, that's actually that's really just a dude observation there. Like VS code is a devil. You kind of have to be good at going to a lot of things. A lot of things
I'm gigalining because I feel like you just described it that role. Yeah, I mean, that's actually that's really just a dude observation there. Like VS code is a devil. You kind of have to be good at going to a lot of things. A lot of things A lot of things. And then find the people that are really good at something to figure the rest out. Yeah, I do think that developer advocates are like folks in Debra in general can kind of have that T-shaped
A lot of things. And then find the people that are really good at something to figure the rest out. Yeah, I do think that developer advocates are like folks in Debra in general can kind of have that T-shaped Like if you're really good at testing, my good friend Andrew Knight, like he's a developer advocate, but he's like really good at testing. So all of his stuff is focused in the testing space, but he still has to have all those other really good skillsets
Like if you're really good at testing, my good friend Andrew Knight, like he's a developer advocate, but he's like really good at testing. So all of his stuff is focused in the testing space, but he still has to have all those other really good skillsets Like for me, I would say my most depth depth is most depth. That's an artist, but most depth is in like Python and like automation hacking and like tinkering and things
Like for me, I would say my most depth depth is most depth. That's an artist, but most depth is in like Python and like automation hacking and like tinkering and things So anything that is debops or you know integrated systems or anything that's that's pretty low level, I am going to have to lean on other people a little bit more. But when it comes to like, hey, I built this little package that does one thing and does it really well. I'm really good at that
So anything that is debops or you know integrated systems or anything that's that's pretty low level, I am going to have to lean on other people a little bit more. But when it comes to like, hey, I built this little package that does one thing and does it really well. I'm really good at that And that's the area that I like to be in or API hacking. Oh, hey, I found some API and I want to get the most out of it or I want to build a wrapper around it. Like these are things that I have kind of built my career on is like, oh, hey, this thing has some API
And that's the area that I like to be in or API hacking. Oh, hey, I found some API and I want to get the most out of it or I want to build a wrapper around it. Like these are things that I have kind of built my career on is like, oh, hey, this thing has some API Let's dive deep into it and let's use that to get our job done. VS code is a lot like that. It's out of the box. It's going to let you just write your code. It's going to give you all of the good benefits of a code editor
Let's dive deep into it and let's use that to get our job done. VS code is a lot like that. It's out of the box. It's going to let you just write your code. It's going to give you all of the good benefits of a code editor But then when it comes to doing all the specialty things, that's when you're going to have to lean on those extensions. And the extension ecosystem is so it's surprisingly vast and narrow at the same time. Like there are so many great extensions out there, so many great themes out there
But then when it comes to doing all the specialty things, that's when you're going to have to lean on those extensions. And the extension ecosystem is so it's surprisingly vast and narrow at the same time. Like there are so many great extensions out there, so many great themes out there But when you need it to do a very, very, very specific thing, you tend to like either miss or there tends to be something that wasn't maintained for a while
But when you need it to do a very, very, very specific thing, you tend to like either miss or there tends to be something that wasn't maintained for a while And that can be a problem when it comes to relying on extension ecosystems, which is why when we talk about things like Python or Rust or these really big ones, Microsoft just develops the extensions themselves because they can actually hire a team to manage them
And that can be a problem when it comes to relying on extension ecosystems, which is why when we talk about things like Python or Rust or these really big ones, Microsoft just develops the extensions themselves because they can actually hire a team to manage them Like the team that manages the Python extension is like, I think it's like eight people. And that's what they do is they develop VS code extensions and they interact with the VS code core team to make sure that things run the way that people expect them to
Like the team that manages the Python extension is like, I think it's like eight people. And that's what they do is they develop VS code extensions and they interact with the VS code core team to make sure that things run the way that people expect them to So to repeat some of that back to you, it's like VS code can, it's kind of like wants to be friends with everybody and do a little bit of everything, which makes it really cool yet installing a theme and defining theme theme is just where the way it looks or does that change the way it interacts
So to repeat some of that back to you, it's like VS code can, it's kind of like wants to be friends with everybody and do a little bit of everything, which makes it really cool yet installing a theme and defining theme theme is just where the way it looks or does that change the way it interacts Just the way it looks. A theme specifically will only change things like your color palette background fonts, font types, font colors, all those things. Pretty sure that's the case
Just the way it looks. A theme specifically will only change things like your color palette background fonts, font types, font colors, all those things. Pretty sure that's the case There are some extensions that will, VS code gives you access to certain areas of VS code when you're an extension developer and your extension can insert objects inside of those areas, but ultimately you can't really manipulate them without, you know, manipulating the core level code, but you can add your code to it, which VS code is an electron app
There are some extensions that will, VS code gives you access to certain areas of VS code when you're an extension developer and your extension can insert objects inside of those areas, but ultimately you can't really manipulate them without, you know, manipulating the core level code, but you can add your code to it, which VS code is an electron app I believe it's an electron app. Almost certain it's an electron app. But what that means is like if you've ever worked with JavaScript, electron is effectively JavaScript
I believe it's an electron app. Almost certain it's an electron app. But what that means is like if you've ever worked with JavaScript, electron is effectively JavaScript So the way that you add things to it, you add them like you would JavaScript, you say, hey, I want this thing to exist, insert it in this particular area. And that area is almost like a div. So you can say, hey, I want in this div there to be this component that does these things
So the way that you add things to it, you add them like you would JavaScript, you say, hey, I want this thing to exist, insert it in this particular area. And that area is almost like a div. So you can say, hey, I want in this div there to be this component that does these things And the big difference is that, you know, a lot of this is additive. You can't just say, hey, obliterate this div. I never want to see it ever again
And the big difference is that, you know, a lot of this is additive. You can't just say, hey, obliterate this div. I never want to see it ever again But, you know, you can, you can definitely say, hey, add my logic or add my code to it, which, you know, means that they have, again, playing with extensions, playing with themes, there's always a danger of bloat or are doing too much
But, you know, you can, you can definitely say, hey, add my logic or add my code to it, which, you know, means that they have, again, playing with extensions, playing with themes, there's always a danger of bloat or are doing too much So even once you get it set up, I would, I would definitely suggest take inventory of what you're using, take inventory of what you're not using. Just because over time you need stuff, you try it out. It works for a while. Then all of a sudden, you determine you don't need it anymore
So even once you get it set up, I would, I would definitely suggest take inventory of what you're using, take inventory of what you're not using. Just because over time you need stuff, you try it out. It works for a while. Then all of a sudden, you determine you don't need it anymore And then now you're like, well, it's, it's taking up key commands. It's taking up, you know, real estate that could be devoted to other things. If I don't need it, then I'm not going to, I'm not going to remove it, you know. Yeah. And that makes sense
And then now you're like, well, it's, it's taking up key commands. It's taking up, you know, real estate that could be devoted to other things. If I don't need it, then I'm not going to, I'm not going to remove it, you know. Yeah. And that makes sense I, I would say this goes into like a deeper conversation at some point of like, if you were to get a brand new computer, what would you set up? We have a stream like that with Anthony, although it took forever for, I think we were installing node
I, I would say this goes into like a deeper conversation at some point of like, if you were to get a brand new computer, what would you set up? We have a stream like that with Anthony, although it took forever for, I think we were installing node So the entire stream was just waiting for node to install. But I, I feel like it's kind of similar to when you have your extensions and things like that because then you learn what you always don't realize you may use
So the entire stream was just waiting for node to install. But I, I feel like it's kind of similar to when you have your extensions and things like that because then you learn what you always don't realize you may use And yet at the same time, if I never needed to touch Python again, that would be an extension that I don't necessarily need to have anymore or download that language. If it was, I download it specifically through VS Code because there is an extension on there for it
And yet at the same time, if I never needed to touch Python again, that would be an extension that I don't necessarily need to have anymore or download that language. If it was, I download it specifically through VS Code because there is an extension on there for it Yet something that comes to mind that I think it was actually your stream that had, you did like a chat within VS Code for Twitch. Yeah. That's like the coolest
Yet something that comes to mind that I think it was actually your stream that had, you did like a chat within VS Code for Twitch. Yeah. That's like the coolest So that's kind of how I like differentiate like maybe like an extension to a theme because an extension is something that adds to it where a theme just changes the look. Yeah. Thousand percent
So that's kind of how I like differentiate like maybe like an extension to a theme because an extension is something that adds to it where a theme just changes the look. Yeah. Thousand percent Thousand percent. And that extension, the, the Twitch chat theme thing like that's just because I'm really bad at checking chat. So if I have chat literally up next to me while I'm coding, like that just makes life easier. I get it, I get it. It's true
Thousand percent. And that extension, the, the Twitch chat theme thing like that's just because I'm really bad at checking chat. So if I have chat literally up next to me while I'm coding, like that just makes life easier. I get it, I get it. It's true It's true. I, luckily my setup is I see my chat when I'm like looking at the person, but as soon as I start coding or doing stuff, I'm like, oh, wait, I forgot about chat. Luckily a lot of the guests are also streamers and they're like, Jen, you haven't replied to anything. It's not bad
It's true. I, luckily my setup is I see my chat when I'm like looking at the person, but as soon as I start coding or doing stuff, I'm like, oh, wait, I forgot about chat. Luckily a lot of the guests are also streamers and they're like, Jen, you haven't replied to anything. It's not bad It's not bad. That's cool. All right. So now that we have like a better understanding of what, well, yes, we have a better understanding of what the VS Code is yet at the same time. I didn't know that Visual Studio was something. But it's okay
It's not bad. That's cool. All right. So now that we have like a better understanding of what, well, yes, we have a better understanding of what the VS Code is yet at the same time. I didn't know that Visual Studio was something. But it's okay But it's okay. Depending on, depending on what industry or or what language you work with, it may not be a thing. That's like, it's like, what's the Xcode? Not is it Xcode? Yeah, Xcode for like Apple, like iOS and Mac OS app development and stuff
But it's okay. Depending on, depending on what industry or or what language you work with, it may not be a thing. That's like, it's like, what's the Xcode? Not is it Xcode? Yeah, Xcode for like Apple, like iOS and Mac OS app development and stuff Like the only reason I think about it is because when I have to install Python, it's like, oh, you usually need to run Xcode setup tools or whatever to get it to work properly. But other than that, like I don't go into it. And I think I've used Visual Studio once in my life
Like the only reason I think about it is because when I have to install Python, it's like, oh, you usually need to run Xcode setup tools or whatever to get it to work properly. But other than that, like I don't go into it. And I think I've used Visual Studio once in my life And that was, when I was asked to do some C-sharp development, I was like, I do not do C-sharp development. I'm sorry. So yeah, it's not a requirement. You don't have to know Visual Studio to know Visual Studio Code. Absolutely not a requirement
And that was, when I was asked to do some C-sharp development, I was like, I do not do C-sharp development. I'm sorry. So yeah, it's not a requirement. You don't have to know Visual Studio to know Visual Studio Code. Absolutely not a requirement That is good to know because I honestly had no idea that even existed until you just said it. I'm like, oh, interesting. My dot net friends are probably like yelling at me. Don't tell them that. Yeah. Yeah
That is good to know because I honestly had no idea that even existed until you just said it. I'm like, oh, interesting. My dot net friends are probably like yelling at me. Don't tell them that. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. There, I will say there is so much more that we can have on Teach Gen Tech and we will have on the future yet. Oh, how we just said, J7 up a good piece of what code is. It just makes life easier. I dig it. I dig it. And all right. So I already have the S code installed
Yeah. Yeah. There, I will say there is so much more that we can have on Teach Gen Tech and we will have on the future yet. Oh, how we just said, J7 up a good piece of what code is. It just makes life easier. I dig it. I dig it. And all right. So I already have the S code installed I have dropped in the chat earlier on how to like the link to install it. So do do do do go back to my screen. If we were installing it, I would download Mac universal. But I already have it installed. So do you have an in one device? No. Okay. So the Intel Mac. Yeah. Okay
I have dropped in the chat earlier on how to like the link to install it. So do do do do go back to my screen. If we were installing it, I would download Mac universal. But I already have it installed. So do you have an in one device? No. Okay. So the Intel Mac. Yeah. Okay Yeah. Okay. Once I get a job, I will. I'm at least guessing. That's the type of laptop that they'll give me is an M1 probably we're in we're in M2 land now. So maybe that would be great. Um, oh, hey, I feel like I have an extension that reload required. Okay. Well, we can look at those
Yeah. Okay. Once I get a job, I will. I'm at least guessing. That's the type of laptop that they'll give me is an M1 probably we're in we're in M2 land now. So maybe that would be great. Um, oh, hey, I feel like I have an extension that reload required. Okay. Well, we can look at those But where would you like to start with VS code? Um, I mean, let's let's start with like what you have. Go ahead and do that reload. I mean, it takes no time at all. And then yeah, we'll see what you have installed. And we'll kind of go from there. So let's you can minimize that recommended
But where would you like to start with VS code? Um, I mean, let's let's start with like what you have. Go ahead and do that reload. I mean, it takes no time at all. And then yeah, we'll see what you have installed. And we'll kind of go from there. So let's you can minimize that recommended I don't we might be in there. I don't know how long we'll be in there. We probably will be in there. Go ahead and uh, there you go. Perfect. All right. So what do we have? Um, all right. So ESLint that that's probably smart. Uh, you're doing JavaScript stuff. Uh, so having a linter port
I don't we might be in there. I don't know how long we'll be in there. We probably will be in there. Go ahead and uh, there you go. Perfect. All right. So what do we have? Um, all right. So ESLint that that's probably smart. Uh, you're doing JavaScript stuff. Uh, so having a linter port Go if you're doing go stuff. And I had go, but I feel like they're not going to be on the show again anytime soon. So we'll just uninstall that one. You can always install things again. And this isn't a like let's clean up extensions. I'm more just trying to figure out what's there
Go if you're doing go stuff. And I had go, but I feel like they're not going to be on the show again anytime soon. So we'll just uninstall that one. You can always install things again. And this isn't a like let's clean up extensions. I'm more just trying to figure out what's there It says you have 20 extensions installed. So, uh, you know, that's that's always nice. Uh, HTML Lint. I'm seeing this migrate button. Just hover over it. Don't click migrate. Hover over the it's deprecated. Use the HTML a different. Oh, I went from HTML hint to HTML hint. Okay
It says you have 20 extensions installed. So, uh, you know, that's that's always nice. Uh, HTML Lint. I'm seeing this migrate button. Just hover over it. Don't click migrate. Hover over the it's deprecated. Use the HTML a different. Oh, I went from HTML hint to HTML hint. Okay Okay. Um, what is this? I don't know what this is. Uh, I don't know if I know what it is either. I will say I definitely installed some random things when I first started because I need no idea. Um, we'll come back to that. Let's just keep going. We can probably remove this. Yeah
Okay. Um, what is this? I don't know what this is. Uh, I don't know if I know what it is either. I will say I definitely installed some random things when I first started because I need no idea. Um, we'll come back to that. Let's just keep going. We can probably remove this. Yeah Yeah. I'm going to remove it in the five miss it. All bring it back. That's that's the beauty of it. All right. So we got Jupyter stuff. If you're doing Jupyter things, I definitely recommend Jupyter. Um, are you familiar with Jupyter notebooks? Really quick
Yeah. I'm going to remove it in the five miss it. All bring it back. That's that's the beauty of it. All right. So we got Jupyter stuff. If you're doing Jupyter things, I definitely recommend Jupyter. Um, are you familiar with Jupyter notebooks? Really quick Just to make sure I remember what Jupyter is. Jupyter is for the, um, goodness gracious. Four Python. Uh, yes. Yes. Um, Jupyter notebooks have kind of blossomed out of Python. I do believe you can use Jupyter notebooks with other languages
Just to make sure I remember what Jupyter is. Jupyter is for the, um, goodness gracious. Four Python. Uh, yes. Yes. Um, Jupyter notebooks have kind of blossomed out of Python. I do believe you can use Jupyter notebooks with other languages Um, but the basics of it are Python and maybe maybe that's even wrong. But Jupyter. Yeah. Like Jupyter is designed to work with Python, but then there's, there's other, there's other versions of Jupyter that allow you to do other languages
Um, but the basics of it are Python and maybe maybe that's even wrong. But Jupyter. Yeah. Like Jupyter is designed to work with Python, but then there's, there's other, there's other versions of Jupyter that allow you to do other languages Uh, so yeah, you're ultimately, yeah, that's that's probably what you downloaded it for was to do things with Python. Okay. Uh, live server. Well, you have live server and live share live server launch development local server. That's, um, I mean, again, I don't know what any of these are
Uh, so yeah, you're ultimately, yeah, that's that's probably what you downloaded it for was to do things with Python. Okay. Uh, live server. Well, you have live server and live share live server launch development local server. That's, um, I mean, again, I don't know what any of these are Let's just keep going. I know live share live show. Okay. Um, live share audio and things like that. I didn't know. They got, they got that, that deep into it. But you can just do audio. Like we can, uh, live server, from what Anthony said, live server runs and HTML page really easily. Okay
Let's just keep going. I know live share live show. Okay. Um, live share audio and things like that. I didn't know. They got, they got that, that deep into it. But you can just do audio. Like we can, uh, live server, from what Anthony said, live server runs and HTML page really easily. Okay Okay. So it's, it's, okay, it's whatever. We can keep going. Mark down that cool, prettier, cool, prisma. Okay, prisma. I've probably be back on the show. So I'll just leave that one. Okay. Cool. Um, pylance, Python, stylin and stylin, I don't know, stylin, but okay. Interesting
Okay. So it's, it's, okay, it's whatever. We can keep going. Mark down that cool, prettier, cool, prisma. Okay, prisma. I've probably be back on the show. So I'll just leave that one. Okay. Cool. Um, pylance, Python, stylin and stylin, I don't know, stylin, but okay. Interesting Interesting. Um, and then you have spell. Okay. Cool. So it, it seems like you have your base language things, the things that you're, you're using to make working with a language easier. Python being a big one spell. Um, I forgot one of the ones up there. I mean, you add go, but that's gone
Interesting. Um, and then you have spell. Okay. Cool. So it, it seems like you have your base language things, the things that you're, you're using to make working with a language easier. Python being a big one spell. Um, I forgot one of the ones up there. I mean, you add go, but that's gone And then you had yes, which is good. Um, that's a good live, but it's the go live button in the status bar. Oh, yay. So what is the go live button? It shows you, uh, it will like pop up in HTML and show you what it looks like. Okay. That's just, so, so more live server stuff. Yeah
And then you had yes, which is good. Um, that's a good live, but it's the go live button in the status bar. Oh, yay. So what is the go live button? It shows you, uh, it will like pop up in HTML and show you what it looks like. Okay. That's just, so, so more live server stuff. Yeah Yeah. That's what, uh, the live server does is you hit go live and then it just pulls up a little browser window
Yeah. That's what, uh, the live server does is you hit go live and then it just pulls up a little browser window I do Python development, which means that I wound up running my server like Python, dash, I made HTTP dot server and then you're, it's up and running, but, or using flask or whatever and it does it for you. Uh, so yeah. That's, that's fine. I think I actually have that installed it
I do Python development, which means that I wound up running my server like Python, dash, I made HTTP dot server and then you're, it's up and running, but, or using flask or whatever and it does it for you. Uh, so yeah. That's, that's fine. I think I actually have that installed it It might be one of those things that I like you, I just installed and was like, okay, cool. Um, what themes do we got rock in right now? I didn't see any themes. Um, well, uh, real quick. What up, Bakari. Thank you for joining today. And to be honest, I don't even know where you go to themes
It might be one of those things that I like you, I just installed and was like, okay, cool. Um, what themes do we got rock in right now? I didn't see any themes. Um, well, uh, real quick. What up, Bakari. Thank you for joining today. And to be honest, I don't even know where you go to themes Just type theme. I don't, I probably don't have a theme because, yeah. Okay. Now go up to the little filter icon up there. Uh, right there. And I thought there was one for installed. Interesting. Go to the three dots. All right. Well, easy enough
Just type theme. I don't, I probably don't have a theme because, yeah. Okay. Now go up to the little filter icon up there. Uh, right there. And I thought there was one for installed. Interesting. Go to the three dots. All right. Well, easy enough Well, easy enough. Let's, I'm going to open up VS code and figure out why that didn't do what I thought it did. Could it be just because I don't have any, no, installed. No, there's like a, there's an actual filter for things that are installed. Um, but I can't remember what it is
Well, easy enough. Let's, I'm going to open up VS code and figure out why that didn't do what I thought it did. Could it be just because I don't have any, no, installed. No, there's like a, there's an actual filter for things that are installed. Um, but I can't remember what it is Uh, there's also another way to do this. It's probably a little bit easier. Going back into that little filter icon. Go to category. And then you have themes down there at the bottom, which again, that's a thing that if you're not sure about, you can definitely like filter in and do things
Uh, there's also another way to do this. It's probably a little bit easier. Going back into that little filter icon. Go to category. And then you have themes down there at the bottom, which again, that's a thing that if you're not sure about, you can definitely like filter in and do things Um, that, that being said, a lot of, there it is, add installed. I knew there was a thing. Uh, just to add installed and then category, category themes. It's probably going to overwrite it when you do that, but you can, yeah, just add. Can I add just add installed afterwards? Yeah, you can. Yeah
Um, that, that being said, a lot of, there it is, add installed. I knew there was a thing. Uh, just to add installed and then category, category themes. It's probably going to overwrite it when you do that, but you can, yeah, just add. Can I add just add installed afterwards? Yeah, you can. Yeah Yeah. So no themes. Yeah. All right. Thank you, homie. So at this point, the, so you have no themes. That's, I mean, again, that's fine. Out of the box, it's not bad. Um, the next thing that I want to ask you about is, do you know what the command palette is? The thing that never works
Yeah. So no themes. Yeah. All right. Thank you, homie. So at this point, the, so you have no themes. That's, I mean, again, that's fine. Out of the box, it's not bad. Um, the next thing that I want to ask you about is, do you know what the command palette is? The thing that never works Okay, hit command shift P. I have to do this every single time because it does not like me. That's all I know about this is it does not work. Oh, it does not work. So that's the only reason I even know that that commands the thing. That's how you know the command palette is there. You just, yes
Okay, hit command shift P. I have to do this every single time because it does not like me. That's all I know about this is it does not work. Oh, it does not work. So that's the only reason I even know that that commands the thing. That's how you know the command palette is there. You just, yes You just, yes. Interesting. You're at a term. No. Oh, no, don't do that. I'll just show you if I go to you. CD, uh, desktop, uh, code, and I'll just see if I could open this folder. No, no, I mean, I think I do that. Do I do that? Watch. And then this is, uh, this is magic
You just, yes. Interesting. You're at a term. No. Oh, no, don't do that. I'll just show you if I go to you. CD, uh, desktop, uh, code, and I'll just see if I could open this folder. No, no, I mean, I think I do that. Do I do that? Watch. And then this is, uh, this is magic If I do this and then click it, oh, yeah, I hit a pet. Yeah, then it works. It's magic. But this is a, the only reason why I know that thing is there is because I have to click it every single time. And, and are you familiar with? I'm not familiar with. Okay, that's why I'm sorry
If I do this and then click it, oh, yeah, I hit a pet. Yeah, then it works. It's magic. But this is a, the only reason why I know that thing is there is because I have to click it every single time. And, and are you familiar with? I'm not familiar with. Okay, that's why I'm sorry I did try to fix it once and then Anthony had to come on my stream because I really broke stuff. That's okay. All right. So we're going to, we're going to throw down the command palette really quick and we're going to just type in theme. What do we get? We should get some options there. Sorry
I did try to fix it once and then Anthony had to come on my stream because I really broke stuff. That's okay. All right. So we're going to, we're going to throw down the command palette really quick and we're going to just type in theme. What do we get? We should get some options there. Sorry Sorry. I keep jumping off. There you go. All right. So you can, you can now start moving and in doing things that you want. Um, if you go to like preferences toggle between light and dark themes, uh, retina, retina burning warning. Sorry. Oh, God. Yeah. Yeah. Okay
Sorry. I keep jumping off. There you go. All right. So you can, you can now start moving and in doing things that you want. Um, if you go to like preferences toggle between light and dark themes, uh, retina, retina burning warning. Sorry. Oh, God. Yeah. Yeah. Okay Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So how would you, how would you change that? There you go. Yeah. Wait. No. How do I go back? Come back? Oh, my God. That really hurt. I see you in my self-thwarting of like it's going to the light thing. Yep. Yep. Oh, hi, hi, Dully. Yes. Hey, Abu Dully
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So how would you, how would you change that? There you go. Yeah. Wait. No. How do I go back? Come back? Oh, my God. That really hurt. I see you in my self-thwarting of like it's going to the light thing. Yep. Yep. Oh, hi, hi, Dully. Yes. Hey, Abu Dully Hey, Abu Dully. And yes, Bacari, my eyes hurt. I'm struggling with that. So a lot of this, a lot of this stuff is going to be going through like we're going to do something and then we're going to use the command palette to make some changes. Okay
Hey, Abu Dully. And yes, Bacari, my eyes hurt. I'm struggling with that. So a lot of this, a lot of this stuff is going to be going through like we're going to do something and then we're going to use the command palette to make some changes. Okay Okay. So I just wanted to make sure that we know what that is and that you understand that if you click the wrong thing, your eyes will be burned. Um, that was a mean joke and I'm sorry. Um, so, I mean, I do overclick things. I go click, click when I'm not supposed to
Okay. So I just wanted to make sure that we know what that is and that you understand that if you click the wrong thing, your eyes will be burned. Um, that was a mean joke and I'm sorry. Um, so, I mean, I do overclick things. I go click, click when I'm not supposed to So I mean, it serves me right that at some point it was just going to blind me. There we go. All right
So I mean, it serves me right that at some point it was just going to blind me. There we go. All right All right. So the next thing we got to figure out is, uh, how's your, how's your appetite for keyboard shortcuts? If I write them down, they're happy until they come to memory, but until then I never forget it. Remember anything. All the way. Wait, wait, wait. Is it. Yay. Okay. It's command J
All right. So the next thing we got to figure out is, uh, how's your, how's your appetite for keyboard shortcuts? If I write them down, they're happy until they come to memory, but until then I never forget it. Remember anything. All the way. Wait, wait, wait. Is it. Yay. Okay. It's command J It's command J. Oh, oh, interesting. Uh, Korean J goes to your terminal turns it on and off. It goes to my debug console. That's I was like, what? Um, if you do control till the, it'll also, oh yeah. That was fun. That's another thing. We're going to have a lot of little things today like that
It's command J. Oh, oh, interesting. Uh, Korean J goes to your terminal turns it on and off. It goes to my debug console. That's I was like, what? Um, if you do control till the, it'll also, oh yeah. That was fun. That's another thing. We're going to have a lot of little things today like that Um, the reason I'm asking is as we, as we move things, some things we might want back and the easiest way to get them back isn't to hunt for them. It's to know the command key. Like for extensions, it's going to be, I got to remember this now, um, because if I don't do it, then I will get it wrong
Um, the reason I'm asking is as we, as we move things, some things we might want back and the easiest way to get them back isn't to hunt for them. It's to know the command key. Like for extensions, it's going to be, I got to remember this now, um, because if I don't do it, then I will get it wrong Um, command shift X. Yes. Um, so command shift X will, we'll do that. Okay. So we got, uh, y'all, I am totally writing writing these down. So you'll have to give me a minute. The reason I'm doing this though is because for me, there's a difference of writing it and typing it
Um, command shift X. Yes. Um, so command shift X will, we'll do that. Okay. So we got, uh, y'all, I am totally writing writing these down. So you'll have to give me a minute. The reason I'm doing this though is because for me, there's a difference of writing it and typing it If I write it, a lot of times I remember it. Whereas my type it, probably not. Yeah. So a lot of, a lot of this stream is going to be just getting you familiar with where things are, how to get to them, how to get to them quickly, how to remove them, and how to bring them back
If I write it, a lot of times I remember it. Whereas my type it, probably not. Yeah. So a lot of, a lot of this stream is going to be just getting you familiar with where things are, how to get to them, how to get to them quickly, how to remove them, and how to bring them back And I'm also having to like bring up my own VS code window just to see where things are because there's, I'm like looking at your screen. I'm like, ah, where is this thing? Also, what is that thing? What is the thing underneath the extensions icon that looks like a notebook? Just hover over it
And I'm also having to like bring up my own VS code window just to see where things are because there's, I'm like looking at your screen. I'm like, ah, where is this thing? Also, what is that thing? What is the thing underneath the extensions icon that looks like a notebook? Just hover over it You don't have to click it. Oh, I think it's Juniper. Jupiter. Okay. I don't even know what it does. It's there. Okay. That's fine. And this is how we get rid of it. Right click. Hide. Thanks. Now it's gone. And then something else will take its place
You don't have to click it. Oh, I think it's Juniper. Jupiter. Okay. I don't even know what it does. It's there. Okay. That's fine. And this is how we get rid of it. Right click. Hide. Thanks. Now it's gone. And then something else will take its place And this, this is, this is exactly the That's fine. You can hide that one too. No, I like the live share. That one is because we use that. Wait, do we use live share? We didn't. Yeah, we like live share. Right? Yeah
And this, this is, this is exactly the That's fine. You can hide that one too. No, I like the live share. That one is because we use that. Wait, do we use live share? We didn't. Yeah, we like live share. Right? Yeah Right? Yeah. So I like live share because that was where I was getting really lost is because the other button was there. Yeah. So explore is another one that you're going to need to remember. Just command shift E. I click it
Right? Yeah. So I like live share because that was where I was getting really lost is because the other button was there. Yeah. So explore is another one that you're going to need to remember. Just command shift E. I click it I click it. I don't, I don't hit command shift E usually unless I'm trying to hide it, which is kind of funny because you have to press it twice. If it's not like the main window, you have to press it twice in order for it to hide. Actually, oh wait, no, it doesn't hide. Nevermind. I lied to you
I click it. I don't, I don't hit command shift E usually unless I'm trying to hide it, which is kind of funny because you have to press it twice. If it's not like the main window, you have to press it twice in order for it to hide. Actually, oh wait, no, it doesn't hide. Nevermind. I lied to you I lied to you. So you have to click it anyway. So yeah, you want to hide it. Yeah, you have to click it to hide it. I thought you could hide it easily. My bad. And then find are you familiar with the different finds that are there? No, no, I was reaching for that one
I lied to you. So you have to click it anyway. So yeah, you want to hide it. Yeah, you have to click it to hide it. I thought you could hide it easily. My bad. And then find are you familiar with the different finds that are there? No, no, I was reaching for that one No, I'm like, do I remember that? No. All right, let's just pull up some code. Any code. The code itself doesn't matter. Open recent. There we go. Open some recent. I like it. This one is I can. Thank you, homie. All right
No, I'm like, do I remember that? No. All right, let's just pull up some code. Any code. The code itself doesn't matter. Open recent. There we go. Open some recent. I like it. This one is I can. Thank you, homie. All right All right. So if if you're looking for the word tweety tag and I know that it's at the very top, how would you find tweety tag? Yeah, apparently typing. Well, without clicking on it
All right. So if if you're looking for the word tweety tag and I know that it's at the very top, how would you find tweety tag? Yeah, apparently typing. Well, without clicking on it Out of curiosity, though, if does JavaScript do this to you, or is it just type scripts where if you go to go to definition, it actually like tries to find the original. I don't know if JavaScript does it. I'm sure it does. Python does it as well. Yeah. Okay. I don't know. I'm going to try to find
Out of curiosity, though, if does JavaScript do this to you, or is it just type scripts where if you go to go to definition, it actually like tries to find the original. I don't know if JavaScript does it. I'm sure it does. Python does it as well. Yeah. Okay. I don't know. I'm going to try to find No, I'm highlighted. I'm highlighted. No, that's because you selected it. So you hit command F, which brings it in there for, you know, good feelings. Yeah. All right. No, replace. That's fine. Yeah. So now what if you want to define. Let's do something that will be will exist a lot
No, I'm highlighted. I'm highlighted. No, that's because you selected it. So you hit command F, which brings it in there for, you know, good feelings. Yeah. All right. No, replace. That's fine. Yeah. So now what if you want to define. Let's do something that will be will exist a lot What if you want to find it and tweet just the word tweet, but you want to find it in all of the documents in your project. Okay. Okay. That was just a solid guess of because everything else is command shift. So I'm like, let's just try command shift F. See if this works. Another just random click
What if you want to find it and tweet just the word tweet, but you want to find it in all of the documents in your project. Okay. Okay. That was just a solid guess of because everything else is command shift. So I'm like, let's just try command shift F. See if this works. Another just random click See if it works kind of magic. I like it. That just means that it's intuitive. I just search for Christmas because I don't know how often I actually said tweet in it. Perfectly fine. And then do you know what the buttons on the side of that search window do also there's an echo
See if it works kind of magic. I like it. That just means that it's intuitive. I just search for Christmas because I don't know how often I actually said tweet in it. Perfectly fine. And then do you know what the buttons on the side of that search window do also there's an echo I don't know if that's me or you. Oh, that's new. Give me a second. Is that any better? Um, nope. Thank you, Mike. Thank you. I appreciate this. Let me go grab my headphones. Be ready. Okay. Hey, chat. How's it going? Happy to sit here. Oh, now it's gone. Interesting
I don't know if that's me or you. Oh, that's new. Give me a second. Is that any better? Um, nope. Thank you, Mike. Thank you. I appreciate this. Let me go grab my headphones. Be ready. Okay. Hey, chat. How's it going? Happy to sit here. Oh, now it's gone. Interesting Interesting. I think I think she has stream yards like echo cancellation on and it is canceling. It's not canceling because she's typing or talking. So therefore all the echoes popping up. But yeah, chat. Well, it's how you've been. How's life treating you happy to have us here and chat
Interesting. I think I think she has stream yards like echo cancellation on and it is canceling. It's not canceling because she's typing or talking. So therefore all the echoes popping up. But yeah, chat. Well, it's how you've been. How's life treating you happy to have us here and chat By the way, I guess I should I should mention I know I haven't streamed personally in a while. That's not because I don't want to stream. That's because it's been busy. Am I always so chill? Um, I think so. No, not really. Sometimes I'm I'm an anxious mess. But when I'm on, I'm pretty chill
By the way, I guess I should I should mention I know I haven't streamed personally in a while. That's not because I don't want to stream. That's because it's been busy. Am I always so chill? Um, I think so. No, not really. Sometimes I'm I'm an anxious mess. But when I'm on, I'm pretty chill That's that's kind of my brand, but that's something that that's something that I think Jen will learn getting into Devaro a lot is that there's a difference between being on and you can you get. Yeah, I just hit my knee on the desk and it's just like everything shook. But please continue
That's that's kind of my brand, but that's something that that's something that I think Jen will learn getting into Devaro a lot is that there's a difference between being on and you can you get. Yeah, I just hit my knee on the desk and it's just like everything shook. But please continue I was listening. Yeah, so we were talking about homey asked am I always so chill? And I was like, Oh, no, not really. But when I'm on stream. Yes. And when I'm on stage, absolutely. It's it's not a gimmick. It's it's this idea of what's called being on
I was listening. Yeah, so we were talking about homey asked am I always so chill? And I was like, Oh, no, not really. But when I'm on stream. Yes. And when I'm on stage, absolutely. It's it's not a gimmick. It's it's this idea of what's called being on And when you're a developer advocate, you have to. I don't want to say masking because masking is kind of a negative thing. But I can't bring all of my anxiety and all my concerns and all of my like quirks to everyone when I'm working. So you have like a default and your default is what we call
And when you're a developer advocate, you have to. I don't want to say masking because masking is kind of a negative thing. But I can't bring all of my anxiety and all my concerns and all of my like quirks to everyone when I'm working. So you have like a default and your default is what we call Yeah, it's like getting into character. It's like I'm not like I am being my authentic self, but I am also just not letting people see the things that are going to cause them to like, you know, freak out
Yeah, it's like getting into character. It's like I'm not like I am being my authentic self, but I am also just not letting people see the things that are going to cause them to like, you know, freak out Which again, for me is a little bit easier to do because I am relatively open about having anxiety, having some mental health things. And you know, that kind of liberates me to be able to just be like, yo, if I don't know, I'm not going to pretend that I know
Which again, for me is a little bit easier to do because I am relatively open about having anxiety, having some mental health things. And you know, that kind of liberates me to be able to just be like, yo, if I don't know, I'm not going to pretend that I know And that's that's what I mean by like trying to be authentic of like, I try to be chill, but I try to be chill for like myself and I try to be chill while I'm teaching. Because if I'm like, no, don't do that. Don't stop that
And that's that's what I mean by like trying to be authentic of like, I try to be chill, but I try to be chill for like myself and I try to be chill while I'm teaching. Because if I'm like, no, don't do that. Don't stop that Don't stop that. That's like all that's going to do is cause the person that I'm working with to get anxious. So I just try to just try to keep it relaxed. You know, when I'm off stream and I'm off camera, I'm listening to chill music and stuff like that
Don't stop that. That's like all that's going to do is cause the person that I'm working with to get anxious. So I just try to just try to keep it relaxed. You know, when I'm off stream and I'm off camera, I'm listening to chill music and stuff like that But I'm often like cursing out my monitor because you know, the outcome wasn't what I expected. I may or may not have thrown my phone before getting mad at the cost money. Don't do that. I mean, luckily, I've learned that the hard way. And also I grew, I say I grew up in the cell phone industry
But I'm often like cursing out my monitor because you know, the outcome wasn't what I expected. I may or may not have thrown my phone before getting mad at the cost money. Don't do that. I mean, luckily, I've learned that the hard way. And also I grew, I say I grew up in the cell phone industry It was like my first job for seven years. What is that? It's a little sorry camera. It's like a little fidgety thing. But the nice thing about it is one it makes noise. But then also you can drop it and it's flexible until you get really angry and you just want to break it
It was like my first job for seven years. What is that? It's a little sorry camera. It's like a little fidgety thing. But the nice thing about it is one it makes noise. But then also you can drop it and it's flexible until you get really angry and you just want to break it And I'm apparently I can't break it right now because it's one of those little puzzle things and they breaks into a bunch of little pieces. Yeah, like that. So yes
And I'm apparently I can't break it right now because it's one of those little puzzle things and they breaks into a bunch of little pieces. Yeah, like that. So yes So yes. And I think that's a big thing of like in general, even if you're a live streamer and not like a dev role or anything is like you figure out. Like getting into character, but you also see who your character is. And I feel like that's so different for many of us where
So yes. And I think that's a big thing of like in general, even if you're a live streamer and not like a dev role or anything is like you figure out. Like getting into character, but you also see who your character is. And I feel like that's so different for many of us where If I'm not on, I am actually like hiding under the covers and don't want to move and just want to sleep all the time where when I'm on, I am very energetic. That's naturally who I am. Yeah, it's more amplified when I'm around other people because I'm like, okay, cool
If I'm not on, I am actually like hiding under the covers and don't want to move and just want to sleep all the time where when I'm on, I am very energetic. That's naturally who I am. Yeah, it's more amplified when I'm around other people because I'm like, okay, cool If I can be in like a hype mode, I know that it will hype everyone else up exactly. And so yes. That's such a big thing when you're streaming when you're on stage like, oh, I know those things
If I can be in like a hype mode, I know that it will hype everyone else up exactly. And so yes. That's such a big thing when you're streaming when you're on stage like, oh, I know those things Yeah, when you're when you're presenting, you don't want to be a downer like, especially like for me, like I a lot of my topics are hard topics
Yeah, when you're when you're presenting, you don't want to be a downer like, especially like for me, like I a lot of my topics are hard topics So I don't want to be talking about like super challenging topics like, you know, systemic racism and like data collection and things like that, which are talks that I've done
So I don't want to be talking about like super challenging topics like, you know, systemic racism and like data collection and things like that, which are talks that I've done While also being super like melancholic and like extremely, I don't even know the right adjective there, but just being like, okay, we're going to talk about this, I guess, and that it like, no, I'm going to, I'm going to let my excitement and my passion kind of bleed through
While also being super like melancholic and like extremely, I don't even know the right adjective there, but just being like, okay, we're going to talk about this, I guess, and that it like, no, I'm going to, I'm going to let my excitement and my passion kind of bleed through Because what that does is that tells people that one, I'm going to be talking about difficult topics, but I, I'm not doing it from the like, let's burn it all down and start over. It's like, no, this is a thing that I care about. And I want you to see that care
Because what that does is that tells people that one, I'm going to be talking about difficult topics, but I, I'm not doing it from the like, let's burn it all down and start over. It's like, no, this is a thing that I care about. And I want you to see that care I want you to see the care that I took to prepare this, but I also want you to see the importance to me in the topic itself. So that's, that's where like, I tend to think being chill and you know, for me is kind of the thing. There goes a put it back together, finally took me a second
I want you to see the care that I took to prepare this, but I also want you to see the importance to me in the topic itself. So that's, that's where like, I tend to think being chill and you know, for me is kind of the thing. There goes a put it back together, finally took me a second But you got to like, being chill is great because being chill kind of sets the tone. If all of a sudden I am like super hype and I'm like really driving it in, that means it's something that's really important. But if that's my baseline, it's really hard to set those differences
But you got to like, being chill is great because being chill kind of sets the tone. If all of a sudden I am like super hype and I'm like really driving it in, that means it's something that's really important. But if that's my baseline, it's really hard to set those differences And like, I love how I'm basically the opposite hype is like my default mode, but especially with like the podcast and for those who may not know, I have a podcast called shit you don't want to talk about
And like, I love how I'm basically the opposite hype is like my default mode, but especially with like the podcast and for those who may not know, I have a podcast called shit you don't want to talk about And to J's point, I've talked about systemic racism on there and it's definitely you learn to be a storyteller
And to J's point, I've talked about systemic racism on there and it's definitely you learn to be a storyteller And where your, your natural character, your natural abilities come through where yes, default is my hype, but when I slow down and I get quieter, people know to take me more seriously, because it's a serious topic and it's not something to be brush aside yet I am really hype and I do get louder because I like to live in the world of everything's going to be great
And where your, your natural character, your natural abilities come through where yes, default is my hype, but when I slow down and I get quieter, people know to take me more seriously, because it's a serious topic and it's not something to be brush aside yet I am really hype and I do get louder because I like to live in the world of everything's going to be great And we're going to be in a perfect world and I'm going to convince everyone of it, even if by the time I get home, I will be completely drained and don't want to talk to anyone and I hate people. I love humans and I hate humans. It's a very weird thing
And we're going to be in a perfect world and I'm going to convince everyone of it, even if by the time I get home, I will be completely drained and don't want to talk to anyone and I hate people. I love humans and I hate humans. It's a very weird thing So it's like this weird like dynamic that we all end up having to learn about ourselves and being in the public eye. Yeah, by the way, that little puzzle thing, I think I found it like Barnes and Noble one time. Then I was like, oh, little little puzzles
So it's like this weird like dynamic that we all end up having to learn about ourselves and being in the public eye. Yeah, by the way, that little puzzle thing, I think I found it like Barnes and Noble one time. Then I was like, oh, little little puzzles And then yeah, I just was like, okay cool, something to fidget with that if ultimately I'm having a bad day, it breaks into a million pieces or at least six. Let's jump back into some VS code stuff. I will
And then yeah, I just was like, okay cool, something to fidget with that if ultimately I'm having a bad day, it breaks into a million pieces or at least six. Let's jump back into some VS code stuff. I will I will. I just started googling it for the round puzzle and let me just like move this over here because I'm very, very, very confused on this as. Oh, no. Yeah, there you go. That's 25 dollar one is still overpriced, but that's a little bit more. That's a little closer to what I paid
I will. I just started googling it for the round puzzle and let me just like move this over here because I'm very, very, very confused on this as. Oh, no. Yeah, there you go. That's 25 dollar one is still overpriced, but that's a little bit more. That's a little closer to what I paid I think it was like $10 is more like that jungle wooden puzzle. I guess it's really cool. Yeah, that lion is pretty dope. I like that. But yeah. Anyway, super ADHD brains over here and it's fun to film. So VS code we are over here and we searched, but no, you don't know what the buttons do
I think it was like $10 is more like that jungle wooden puzzle. I guess it's really cool. Yeah, that lion is pretty dope. I like that. But yeah. Anyway, super ADHD brains over here and it's fun to film. So VS code we are over here and we searched, but no, you don't know what the buttons do Okay, so the buttons are, I mean, if you have a little bit more over them, they tell you and there are shortcuts for them. I don't know those shortcuts. There's a lot of shortcuts. That's, that's a lot
Okay, so the buttons are, I mean, if you have a little bit more over them, they tell you and there are shortcuts for them. I don't know those shortcuts. There's a lot of shortcuts. That's, that's a lot So the capital A, lower case A matches case, the bar underneath the A and the B matches the entire word. So if you click on the match entire word, Prisma client should not show up
So the capital A, lower case A matches case, the bar underneath the A and the B matches the entire word. So if you click on the match entire word, Prisma client should not show up And it's like, well, it still shows up in this case, but that's because of something else in the line, not because of it itself, which is good to know when you're searching for something like if, if you're searching for tweet and not Tweety tag using that will kind of clean up some of the stuff
And it's like, well, it still shows up in this case, but that's because of something else in the line, not because of it itself, which is good to know when you're searching for something like if, if you're searching for tweet and not Tweety tag using that will kind of clean up some of the stuff And then that dot and asterisk there. Do you have an idea of what that is? Okay, I didn't even get a chance to look at it in my head. It means something like it or like, I honestly have no idea. It's, it's for regular expressions or basically like a pattern matching. Let's, let's try this
And then that dot and asterisk there. Do you have an idea of what that is? Okay, I didn't even get a chance to look at it in my head. It means something like it or like, I honestly have no idea. It's, it's for regular expressions or basically like a pattern matching. Let's, let's try this I want to find something special. Okay. Let's see if we can find all URLs. Yeah, you, uh, you can select more than one. You want to find all URLs. And we'll do like a rough all URLs. Well, that's cheating because the word URL was there
I want to find something special. Okay. Let's see if we can find all URLs. Yeah, you, uh, you can select more than one. You want to find all URLs. And we'll do like a rough all URLs. Well, that's cheating because the word URL was there Yeah, but how would you search? Oh, like it would have Prisma in the URL. No, just we're looking for any and every URL that pops up. What, what do, what does every URL start with? So, H2 to you. Like that. Okay, good start. All right, then probably also the colon colon black backslash
Yeah, but how would you search? Oh, like it would have Prisma in the URL. No, just we're looking for any and every URL that pops up. What, what do, what does every URL start with? So, H2 to you. Like that. Okay, good start. All right, then probably also the colon colon black backslash So that would probably do it. But what if we had like, I'm trying to think of. Oh, here's a good one. Okay. What if we just want mirror and GitHub? And that's it. So we don't have to remove HTTPS. We can leave that in. Now, let's try this. You're going to do an open bracket. Bracket
So that would probably do it. But what if we had like, I'm trying to think of. Oh, here's a good one. Okay. What if we just want mirror and GitHub? And that's it. So we don't have to remove HTTPS. We can leave that in. Now, let's try this. You're going to do an open bracket. Bracket Bracket. Yeah, you have a space in there. By the way, you might want to get rid of this space. Yeah. All right. Now you're going to do mirror in my row. Oh, sorry. Put mirror in parentheses. Yeah. And then you're going to. You know, this is cool. You're going to need your bracket still
Bracket. Yeah, you have a space in there. By the way, you might want to get rid of this space. Yeah. All right. Now you're going to do mirror in my row. Oh, sorry. Put mirror in parentheses. Yeah. And then you're going to. You know, this is cool. You're going to need your bracket still It's bracket parentheses. Yeah. Then close, then close your parentheses. Now you're going to do open parentheses GitHub, close parentheses. It did some things wrong. I was like wondering if it did the mirror one. What happens if I get rid of these? No
It's bracket parentheses. Yeah. Then close, then close your parentheses. Now you're going to do open parentheses GitHub, close parentheses. It did some things wrong. I was like wondering if it did the mirror one. What happens if I get rid of these? No So ultimately, this is, this is why a lot of people don't work with regular expressions because they're not easy. They're not the easiest thing to do. That being said, they are a good tool to know if you know them
So ultimately, this is, this is why a lot of people don't work with regular expressions because they're not easy. They're not the easiest thing to do. That being said, they are a good tool to know if you know them But the reason I, the reason I wanted to show you that you should be able to do something like this. I'm going to type in the private chat. Interesting. Okay. You should be able to do something like that and have it basically give you either GitHub or Miro and those things
But the reason I, the reason I wanted to show you that you should be able to do something like this. I'm going to type in the private chat. Interesting. Okay. You should be able to do something like that and have it basically give you either GitHub or Miro and those things But that didn't seem to work. I don't know why it didn't work. More than anything, I wanted to show you that there are like actual patterns that you can use for searching things. Like if you want to find every single time a number is used, you would use something like one of the slashes
But that didn't seem to work. I don't know why it didn't work. More than anything, I wanted to show you that there are like actual patterns that you can use for searching things. Like if you want to find every single time a number is used, you would use something like one of the slashes And then easier. So yeah, like I said, I don't know why that's not working. But that could be something that I did wrong. If you do, was that backslash, forward slash, one of the slashes, this slash, if you do that in this search, it'll give you every number that is in your other slash
And then easier. So yeah, like I said, I don't know why that's not working. But that could be something that I did wrong. If you do, was that backslash, forward slash, one of the slashes, this slash, if you do that in this search, it'll give you every number that is in your other slash This one, there we go. Oh. Now, if you do that at a plus sign to that, it's going to give you where there's one or more. Okay, remove the plus sign, add a curly brace and then the number two and then another curly in the closing curly brace. And that'll give you where there's two of them
This one, there we go. Oh. Now, if you do that at a plus sign to that, it's going to give you where there's one or more. Okay, remove the plus sign, add a curly brace and then the number two and then another curly in the closing curly brace. And that'll give you where there's two of them So these are, these are really powerful search tools that you may want to, again, there will be times when you need these things and like understanding how to actually get them is really important. And by the way, these options also appear in your single file search as well
So these are, these are really powerful search tools that you may want to, again, there will be times when you need these things and like understanding how to actually get them is really important. And by the way, these options also appear in your single file search as well So you can do all those things. But then yeah, like I said, you can, you can also just turn that off and it won't, it won't cause problems. Yeah, anything says use redgex101.com. That is a good one. There are also some applications that you can use like expressions and there's a lot
So you can do all those things. But then yeah, like I said, you can, you can also just turn that off and it won't, it won't cause problems. Yeah, anything says use redgex101.com. That is a good one. There are also some applications that you can use like expressions and there's a lot So, well, you're not using co-pilot. Sorry, I keep forgetting to use co-pilot. So like if you use co-pilot, which I'm not going to tell you to because you're, you're ballin' on a budget right now and you don't need a monthly subscription. No, I don't. Exactly. But co-pilot
So, well, you're not using co-pilot. Sorry, I keep forgetting to use co-pilot. So like if you use co-pilot, which I'm not going to tell you to because you're, you're ballin' on a budget right now and you don't need a monthly subscription. No, I don't. Exactly. But co-pilot But co-pilot. You can actually say like give me a regular expression that does this thing and it usually will give it what give you what which is kind of cool. So like my co-pilot is like hitting one of you up. Exactly. What am I trying to say? No, that's fine
But co-pilot. You can actually say like give me a regular expression that does this thing and it usually will give it what give you what which is kind of cool. So like my co-pilot is like hitting one of you up. Exactly. What am I trying to say? No, that's fine All right, so you know what explore is you know where your fine window is. Do you know the get navigation window? Hmm. This one. That's it. So I can't give you a lesson on get. Get is confusing and there's a lot that would have to go on and we don't have enough time for that
All right, so you know what explore is you know where your fine window is. Do you know the get navigation window? Hmm. This one. That's it. So I can't give you a lesson on get. Get is confusing and there's a lot that would have to go on and we don't have enough time for that But if you're dealing with source control in VS code, you can use this window. You can also just use the terminal and do all the get stuff in there. Microsoft owns GitHub. So there's kind of some built in support for GitHub. Like that exists
But if you're dealing with source control in VS code, you can use this window. You can also just use the terminal and do all the get stuff in there. Microsoft owns GitHub. So there's kind of some built in support for GitHub. Like that exists Like that exists. I think there might be like there's also the GitHub app or the GitHub extension. I would encourage you to use that too if you're doing GitHub things. But again, I wanted to just make sure that we know what each of these do
Like that exists. I think there might be like there's also the GitHub app or the GitHub extension. I would encourage you to use that too if you're doing GitHub things. But again, I wanted to just make sure that we know what each of these do So this is going to be where you again, you commit, you push, you pull. I don't, is this a project that's in GitHub? And this is where like I've had to when I've created something like I edited the read me in GitHub online and then did something here
So this is going to be where you again, you commit, you push, you pull. I don't, is this a project that's in GitHub? And this is where like I've had to when I've created something like I edited the read me in GitHub online and then did something here It was really dumb of having to create a new branch. So that way I could upload it to something. And then yeah. So homey and I have had a lot of fun doing this specifically in this app or this project because I had to figure out all of this
It was really dumb of having to create a new branch. So that way I could upload it to something. And then yeah. So homey and I have had a lot of fun doing this specifically in this app or this project because I had to figure out all of this And he's reminded me often to remember to pull the project, even if I have it up. So it's definitely a good reminder to always pull the project instead of just going for it. Yeah. And I mean, it won't let you push until you pulled, but pulling first allows you to avoid conflicts
And he's reminded me often to remember to pull the project, even if I have it up. So it's definitely a good reminder to always pull the project instead of just going for it. Yeah. And I mean, it won't let you push until you pulled, but pulling first allows you to avoid conflicts There is also a setting that I probably wouldn't recommend, which is like always pull first, because you get sometimes you pull stuff and then stuff could get redacted and that could be a problem. And a lot of, you know, again, I just, I wouldn't recommend it
There is also a setting that I probably wouldn't recommend, which is like always pull first, because you get sometimes you pull stuff and then stuff could get redacted and that could be a problem. And a lot of, you know, again, I just, I wouldn't recommend it But yeah, if you're working on something, pulling first isn't necessarily the worst advice that someone's given. And it's actually really good advice and you should do it. Okay. So debug. Do you know what the debug icon? There you go. Debug is one of those that's not everyone uses it
But yeah, if you're working on something, pulling first isn't necessarily the worst advice that someone's given. And it's actually really good advice and you should do it. Okay. So debug. Do you know what the debug icon? There you go. Debug is one of those that's not everyone uses it I use it only when I'm developing VS Code Extension stuff. There are other options for doing some of this stuff. And I kind of like them better. So that said, we've kind of gone through all the things right click on. Let me make sure I do this right
I use it only when I'm developing VS Code Extension stuff. There are other options for doing some of this stuff. And I kind of like them better. So that said, we've kind of gone through all the things right click on. Let me make sure I do this right Oh, this is these are all the buttons that you have available to you in this moment. Oh, no, you don't go to the go to like that blank space under live share and right click there. Oh, all right
Oh, this is these are all the buttons that you have available to you in this moment. Oh, no, you don't go to the go to like that blank space under live share and right click there. Oh, all right Oh, all right. So these are all of the extensions that you have set up that you can move, remove, add, reduce all those things. So if there's one that you don't like or you don't use, you can get rid of it. Boom. It's gone. I mean, okay. I would just, you know, looking at it, you know, how it goes
Oh, all right. So these are all of the extensions that you have set up that you can move, remove, add, reduce all those things. So if there's one that you don't like or you don't use, you can get rid of it. Boom. It's gone. I mean, okay. I would just, you know, looking at it, you know, how it goes How it goes. Okay. This is cool. I will say I'm going to be learning about more of the debugging with Anthony. He was on your show a while ago. That's a very descriptive way of saying someone because I'm horrible at names. And I just remember how I like met them normally. And on my show. Nick. Yes
How it goes. Okay. This is cool. I will say I'm going to be learning about more of the debugging with Anthony. He was on your show a while ago. That's a very descriptive way of saying someone because I'm horrible at names. And I just remember how I like met them normally. And on my show. Nick. Yes Nick. Yes. Nick. Nick is going to come on my show and talk about debugging and console and all of that. Oh, cool. Very nice. Yeah. I am definitely not the, I don't do debug. Like I said, unless I'm doing like VS code extension testing, but I do testing. So that's kind of a different thing
Nick. Yes. Nick. Nick is going to come on my show and talk about debugging and console and all of that. Oh, cool. Very nice. Yeah. I am definitely not the, I don't do debug. Like I said, unless I'm doing like VS code extension testing, but I do testing. So that's kind of a different thing All right. So we were talking about setting this up for Python development question mark. Sure. Okay. So the extensions that I have, let me see here. I have 109 extensions installed. You have 18. You don't need a 109. 109 is definitely more than necessary
All right. So we were talking about setting this up for Python development question mark. Sure. Okay. So the extensions that I have, let me see here. I have 109 extensions installed. You have 18. You don't need a 109. 109 is definitely more than necessary But there are some that, and I'm going to run through this and just make sure I'm not giving you ones that we, that you shouldn't have. Let's do one called to do highlighter. Stop once it. Yeah. That's it. Install. This is a great little. She have ADHD. It's a great little thing
But there are some that, and I'm going to run through this and just make sure I'm not giving you ones that we, that you shouldn't have. Let's do one called to do highlighter. Stop once it. Yeah. That's it. Install. This is a great little. She have ADHD. It's a great little thing Go back to your little document there. What any of your documents, it doesn't matter. We're going to delete this right after we create it. So you can just go to a license is fine too. It doesn't matter. Just type in to do in all caps. Anywhere. Anywhere. All caps. All caps. Add a, sorry, add a
Go back to your little document there. What any of your documents, it doesn't matter. We're going to delete this right after we create it. So you can just go to a license is fine too. It doesn't matter. Just type in to do in all caps. Anywhere. Anywhere. All caps. All caps. Add a, sorry, add a Yeah. Yeah. Now stands out a little bit of like, hey, this is a thing that you need to do. Put it on the same line. By the way. Now right click that to do. I don't think this does it, but it might. No, on the actual to do part. Okay, good. It doesn't, doesn't do it yet. All right
Yeah. Yeah. Now stands out a little bit of like, hey, this is a thing that you need to do. Put it on the same line. By the way. Now right click that to do. I don't think this does it, but it might. No, on the actual to do part. Okay, good. It doesn't, doesn't do it yet. All right All right. By the time we're done with that to do, it will do something. So the next thing we're going to install is to get how poor requests and issues. There we go. Install that. This is going to give you access to poor requests and issues inside of the project. So now go back to that to do
All right. By the time we're done with that to do, it will do something. So the next thing we're going to install is to get how poor requests and issues. There we go. Install that. This is going to give you access to poor requests and issues inside of the project. So now go back to that to do Right click it. Oh, sorry, hit the little yellow yellow light bulb there. Oh! So that's fun. You can also now highlight all of that and then click the little light bulb. And it's going to give you a bunch of different things that you can do. This is HTML. You don't want to do any of those things
Right click it. Oh, sorry, hit the little yellow yellow light bulb there. Oh! So that's fun. You can also now highlight all of that and then click the little light bulb. And it's going to give you a bunch of different things that you can do. This is HTML. You don't want to do any of those things Click on a line. So hit number six. Boom. Okay, it's still doing the thing. So what you can now do is if you highlight everything with that, highlight everything with it to do in it itself. That whole paragraph. Well, I was going to say like, all right, click. All right. No, sorry, you're right
Click on a line. So hit number six. Boom. Okay, it's still doing the thing. So what you can now do is if you highlight everything with that, highlight everything with it to do in it itself. That whole paragraph. Well, I was going to say like, all right, click. All right. No, sorry, you're right You're right. You're right. Hit the little light bulb. I was just going to wait. Yeah, I wish there was a way to get. There we go. Oh, yay. Yeah, go ahead and create that issue. I just want to show you what it looks like. So you have that. That would just be what that looks like there
You're right. You're right. Hit the little light bulb. I was just going to wait. Yeah, I wish there was a way to get. There we go. Oh, yay. Yeah, go ahead and create that issue. I just want to show you what it looks like. So you have that. That would just be what that looks like there Let's hit that little. There's no. Enter. I can't enter. Yeah. I hit enter. That's okay. There's no. There's no remote setup. So it didn't do anything. Go ahead and hit that create issue again. Hit the little pencil looking icon on the top right, right there
Let's hit that little. There's no. Enter. I can't enter. Yeah. I hit enter. That's okay. There's no. There's no remote setup. So it didn't do anything. Go ahead and hit that create issue again. Hit the little pencil looking icon on the top right, right there And what you see is it kind of does this thing to where now. You have all this stuff that you can go in and add. You could add, you know, if you want to do that, I think you have to put the At symbol in front. I don't fully remember. Oh, wait, it says either username or probably just their name
And what you see is it kind of does this thing to where now. You have all this stuff that you can go in and add. You could add, you know, if you want to do that, I think you have to put the At symbol in front. I don't fully remember. Oh, wait, it says either username or probably just their name So that's good. And then label. So if you have labels, you can add them there. I think it will create new labels if you don't. They don't exist. But the nice thing here is you also have a link. To where that exists in the code. So when you create that issue, you're going to have all your context
So that's good. And then label. So if you have labels, you can add them there. I think it will create new labels if you don't. They don't exist. But the nice thing here is you also have a link. To where that exists in the code. So when you create that issue, you're going to have all your context Underneath this, yeah, you could add whatever you want. Any description that you want after that. And that's also going to show where in the code that problem is. Okay. And if you must go away. Yeah, I just hit control. Again, I think. Or command. Do it again. No, okay, it doesn't go away
Underneath this, yeah, you could add whatever you want. Any description that you want after that. And that's also going to show where in the code that problem is. Okay. And if you must go away. Yeah, I just hit control. Again, I think. Or command. Do it again. No, okay, it doesn't go away It goes away. I don't know. I'm only seeing. I'm not seeing all of your screen. I'm only seeing like two thirds. Oh, sorry. We'll just do this. There. It should be the entire screen now. Yeah, hit the X on that bar. Oh, there we go. Yay. I must have been hiding the X from myself
It goes away. I don't know. I'm only seeing. I'm not seeing all of your screen. I'm only seeing like two thirds. Oh, sorry. We'll just do this. There. It should be the entire screen now. Yeah, hit the X on that bar. Oh, there we go. Yay. I must have been hiding the X from myself So then if you hit that check mark in the top right corner, it would create this issue. Again, you don't have a remote so it can't create it. You can just close this out. You don't have to do anything with it. How do I get a remote? You'd have to push this code to get up. I didn't pull it first
So then if you hit that check mark in the top right corner, it would create this issue. Again, you don't have a remote so it can't create it. You can just close this out. You don't have to do anything with it. How do I get a remote? You'd have to push this code to get up. I didn't pull it first So probably not the best idea. Oh, probably cause issues. Probably. Okay. And then. Yeah, let's what. Pomi, what is this thing that I keep hearing about? Oh, the manager. Oh, I was that was going to be the big, big ending. But since someone decided to ruin it
So probably not the best idea. Oh, probably cause issues. Probably. Okay. And then. Yeah, let's what. Pomi, what is this thing that I keep hearing about? Oh, the manager. Oh, I was that was going to be the big, big ending. But since someone decided to ruin it So the manager is this really cool extension that was created by home encoder. I actually, I actually have it installed on mine as well. That allows for streamers to show what theme and what fonts that they're using. Which is really good. So you're using default dark plus. Let's change that. Let's
So the manager is this really cool extension that was created by home encoder. I actually, I actually have it installed on mine as well. That allows for streamers to show what theme and what fonts that they're using. Which is really good. So you're using default dark plus. Let's change that. Let's Let's. Let's find you some fonts that you might like. You can just it'll go away. Well, not. I was wondering if it like clicked in. Okay, cool. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So up in the extent we're in the extension search window here. Let's try. Studio jibbly. It's g h i b l i. I. I. Okay
Let's. Let's find you some fonts that you might like. You can just it'll go away. Well, not. I was wondering if it like clicked in. Okay, cool. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So up in the extent we're in the extension search window here. Let's try. Studio jibbly. It's g h i b l i. I. I. Okay I. I. Okay. Remove studio. Oh, there's studio jibbly inspired things cool install. I'm not sure how how your your jibbly aesthetic is. I tend to like. Kiki's delivery service personally. Okay. So now how do we change our theme? Well, yeah, like that. Good job. I got excited. Set theme color. Wow
I. I. Okay. Remove studio. Oh, there's studio jibbly inspired things cool install. I'm not sure how how your your jibbly aesthetic is. I tend to like. Kiki's delivery service personally. Okay. So now how do we change our theme? Well, yeah, like that. Good job. I got excited. Set theme color. Wow Wow. Okay, not that one. I don't like that one. I like kiki's. Kiki's is subtle. But I really like the spirit of the way one. Is that thing? I don't like the spirit of the way one. Is that thing? It's a spirit of a. Okay. Okay. Yay. Oh, and then it's down here. Look at that
Wow. Okay, not that one. I don't like that one. I like kiki's. Kiki's is subtle. But I really like the spirit of the way one. Is that thing? I don't like the spirit of the way one. Is that thing? It's a spirit of a. Okay. Okay. Yay. Oh, and then it's down here. Look at that Look at that. I see a bug in the code because it didn't update when the theme updated. But that's something that we can handle later. Don't click that. I don't know if it's already. So instead, let's do this. Let's actually force it to update. Well, maybe we can force it update
Look at that. I see a bug in the code because it didn't update when the theme updated. But that's something that we can handle later. Don't click that. I don't know if it's already. So instead, let's do this. Let's actually force it to update. Well, maybe we can force it update I don't know if this will work or not. Open up the command palette again. Command shift B. And let's type in a manager. Whoa. Do we find another bug? Okay. Type in current theme. And theme. Whoa. I think we found another bug. Okay
I don't know if this will work or not. Open up the command palette again. Command shift B. And let's type in a manager. Whoa. Do we find another bug? Okay. Type in current theme. And theme. Whoa. I think we found another bug. Okay Okay. So I don't think it's going to update until we restart the client, which is. Oh, you're in file search. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Never mind. Cancel. I think you did command P. Do command shift P? Command shift P. There you go. Now type in theme manager. There it is
Okay. So I don't think it's going to update until we restart the client, which is. Oh, you're in file search. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Never mind. Cancel. I think you did command P. Do command shift P? Command shift P. There you go. Now type in theme manager. There it is There it is. Okay, display current theme. Oh, bug. Bug. Okay. So we found a bug. That's okay. Because we can, we can help make it better. That's what we're here for. We'll file an issue later. Or maybe homey's already. I'm curious. I'm going to don't say. Yeah, don't say. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
There it is. Okay, display current theme. Oh, bug. Bug. Okay. So we found a bug. That's okay. Because we can, we can help make it better. That's what we're here for. We'll file an issue later. Or maybe homey's already. I'm curious. I'm going to don't say. Yeah, don't say. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So currently it's only checking it at application start. You might want to have it refresh anytime. Maybe anytime an extension is well. If like, there's a theme change and things like that. Totally an option
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So currently it's only checking it at application start. You might want to have it refresh anytime. Maybe anytime an extension is well. If like, there's a theme change and things like that. Totally an option Totally an option. Let's try some other ones. Let's go and add a Dracula. These are just some of the themes that I like. So there's. And this is one of the, this is one of the, the pain points of working with themes is there will be better versions. There's Dracula official
Totally an option. Let's try some other ones. Let's go and add a Dracula. These are just some of the themes that I like. So there's. And this is one of the, this is one of the, the pain points of working with themes is there will be better versions. There's Dracula official You can check Dracula at night, which might make it a little bit darker. Um, there's Evan Dev Dracula Dracula refined basically everyone has their own opinion about which Dracula theme is the best
You can check Dracula at night, which might make it a little bit darker. Um, there's Evan Dev Dracula Dracula refined basically everyone has their own opinion about which Dracula theme is the best Ultimately just find one that you like in your good or you can slowly modify an existing one and then make it your own theme and then there will be another Dracula existing one. But I like the purple and pink. Oh, you're signing in. How does senior settings? Yeah, just to sync my settings. Okay
Ultimately just find one that you like in your good or you can slowly modify an existing one and then make it your own theme and then there will be another Dracula existing one. But I like the purple and pink. Oh, you're signing in. How does senior settings? Yeah, just to sync my settings. Okay Okay. That works. And it's interesting. That is interesting. I was thinking if like maybe a sink or something would help it. I don't think so. I think it, if you did like a reload, maybe is, can you reload from the command palette? I don't know. No. Oh, yeah, develop a reload window. Uh, command R
Okay. That works. And it's interesting. That is interesting. I was thinking if like maybe a sink or something would help it. I don't think so. I think it, if you did like a reload, maybe is, can you reload from the command palette? I don't know. No. Oh, yeah, develop a reload window. Uh, command R Uh, command R. Let's see if that worked. Oh, yes, command R worked. Yeah. Um, so that does a thing. All right. So we've added our theme. The theme is fun. It gives us a little bit more personality into our code. Again, if it doesn't work, you can manually change each of these things
Uh, command R. Let's see if that worked. Oh, yes, command R worked. Yeah. Um, so that does a thing. All right. So we've added our theme. The theme is fun. It gives us a little bit more personality into our code. Again, if it doesn't work, you can manually change each of these things You're still using minlo font. Um, that's five. If the fonts okay with you, then it's okay with me. There are other fonts. Um, these fonts you don't install through the, uh, extensions though. Do you do it through the computer itself? Yeah. Okay
You're still using minlo font. Um, that's five. If the fonts okay with you, then it's okay with me. There are other fonts. Um, these fonts you don't install through the, uh, extensions though. Do you do it through the computer itself? Yeah. Okay Okay. And we will see if I can remember how my Google is up. Download this legs like font. Open this like sick. Download. Download. I can read this. Uh, for that. I mean, there's another one
Okay. And we will see if I can remember how my Google is up. Download this legs like font. Open this like sick. Download. Download. I can read this. Uh, for that. I mean, there's another one I don't know if, if open dyslexic is what you need, like cool, um, open dyslexic to me is a little too, too much. Try open dyslexic mono. See that one. Uh, I also need to be able to make it readable by other people. So yeah. Um, there is also, there's also, um, comic mono
I don't know if, if open dyslexic is what you need, like cool, um, open dyslexic to me is a little too, too much. Try open dyslexic mono. See that one. Uh, I also need to be able to make it readable by other people. So yeah. Um, there is also, there's also, um, comic mono comic mono is what it sounds like. Yeah. Um, I think it's like, um, open dyslexic to me is a little too, too much. Try open dyslexic mono. See that one. Now, is what it sounds like on the tin. Uh, it's comic sans. But it is a little. It is a little, do do comic mono in that comic sans
comic mono is what it sounds like. Yeah. Um, I think it's like, um, open dyslexic to me is a little too, too much. Try open dyslexic mono. See that one. Now, is what it sounds like on the tin. Uh, it's comic sans. But it is a little. It is a little, do do comic mono in that comic sans So comic mono is actually. It is actually easier, apparently, for dyslexic folks to read. And there is, there you go
So comic mono is actually. It is actually easier, apparently, for dyslexic folks to read. And there is, there you go Y'all talking about dyslexic? Like, I've, in the last two weeks, I started writing like my dreams in the morning and like, nightly, like how I've been doing because I have a lot of medical issues going on that I'm like, I need to start tracking all of this
Y'all talking about dyslexic? Like, I've, in the last two weeks, I started writing like my dreams in the morning and like, nightly, like how I've been doing because I have a lot of medical issues going on that I'm like, I need to start tracking all of this And something that I've realized is I just skip letters. Like, I'm like, have I always done this? Like, I'll be like writing and I just skip the first three letters and I'm like, how am I supposed to know what I meant? So do you see what it looks like on the screen? Yes. That's what it looks like
And something that I've realized is I just skip letters. Like, I'm like, have I always done this? Like, I'll be like writing and I just skip the first three letters and I'm like, how am I supposed to know what I meant? So do you see what it looks like on the screen? Yes. That's what it looks like Yeah. OK. If you wanted that, you would download Comic-Lano. So download that TrueType font. You're going to install that TrueType font. And that is. Did you just double click? Double click it from there. OK. It installed it. I'm not used to it being that easy. I'm doing both
Yeah. OK. If you wanted that, you would download Comic-Lano. So download that TrueType font. You're going to install that TrueType font. And that is. Did you just double click? Double click it from there. OK. It installed it. I'm not used to it being that easy. I'm doing both I'm doing both. So I have the bold too. I might actually have. Yeah. I would do both. Yeah. Because it's all that you had both of them in there. Oh, that's isn't that so nice. OK. So if I were to guess, I would preferences? Maybe. Keep going. Ah, by all I got keyboard shortcuts
I'm doing both. So I have the bold too. I might actually have. Yeah. I would do both. Yeah. Because it's all that you had both of them in there. Oh, that's isn't that so nice. OK. So if I were to guess, I would preferences? Maybe. Keep going. Ah, by all I got keyboard shortcuts Why am I skipping it? You did skip it, by the way. Keyboard. Wait. No. I'm just going to go settings. OK. Oh, yay. Now type in. Well, yeah. I mean, you can do that. Here's the thing
Why am I skipping it? You did skip it, by the way. Keyboard. Wait. No. I'm just going to go settings. OK. Oh, yay. Now type in. Well, yeah. I mean, you can do that. Here's the thing Here's the thing. If it's not installed, you have it syncing, right? So if you don't have comic mono on another computer, it's going to wig out because it needs default. That's why there are multiple options. Minlow, it checks for a minlow if minlow exists. Then it gives you a minlow
Here's the thing. If it's not installed, you have it syncing, right? So if you don't have comic mono on another computer, it's going to wig out because it needs default. That's why there are multiple options. Minlow, it checks for a minlow if minlow exists. Then it gives you a minlow And you kind of keep going. The other thing is you can actually set different fonts based on a profile. Comic mono. It's not Comic Sans. Thank you. And also you want to hit the front, because it's going to check from the front going back. Mm. Good call
And you kind of keep going. The other thing is you can actually set different fonts based on a profile. Comic mono. It's not Comic Sans. Thank you. And also you want to hit the front, because it's going to check from the front going back. Mm. Good call Mm. Good call. I don't know what happens if you leave a thing nearby itself. All right. So now go to some code and see what happens. Oh, open recent. Tweety tag. Oh, you're in that new issue. You got to go. Oh. This is just happiness, y'all. This would have made life so much easier
Mm. Good call. I don't know what happens if you leave a thing nearby itself. All right. So now go to some code and see what happens. Oh, open recent. Tweety tag. Oh, you're in that new issue. You got to go. Oh. This is just happiness, y'all. This would have made life so much easier Like I can actually see stuff and read it. Yeah. Thank you, Jay. This is amazing. There you go. There's another one that's, it's like jet brains, but comic, comic mono to me is nice. It's soft. It's not, it's not too difficult to read. Some characters, I don't like the caps personally
Like I can actually see stuff and read it. Yeah. Thank you, Jay. This is amazing. There you go. There's another one that's, it's like jet brains, but comic, comic mono to me is nice. It's soft. It's not, it's not too difficult to read. Some characters, I don't like the caps personally I think the caps are a little too wide. But again, I don't have dyslexia. So like, if it helps, if it's what's helpful, then I would just say, hey, there you go. If not, there are other tools that you can check out. But there you go
I think the caps are a little too wide. But again, I don't have dyslexia. So like, if it helps, if it's what's helpful, then I would just say, hey, there you go. If not, there are other tools that you can check out. But there you go But there you go. Y'all, I'm literally just clicking and random stuff so I can see how pretty it is. Yeah. We have more extensions to go with, by the way. OK, we've got more extensions. And Ryan asked, oh, yes, I did click on something else again. And then we got out
But there you go. Y'all, I'm literally just clicking and random stuff so I can see how pretty it is. Yeah. We have more extensions to go with, by the way. OK, we've got more extensions. And Ryan asked, oh, yes, I did click on something else again. And then we got out I don't know what end-up rainbow is. Let's check it out. End-up rainbow. All right. Every time I hear it, I immediately say reading rainbow, which in my mind goes to the song, like butterfly in the sky. I can't wait to talk to you. OK, anyway, end-up rainbow. And then I'm just going to click it
I don't know what end-up rainbow is. Let's check it out. End-up rainbow. All right. Every time I hear it, I immediately say reading rainbow, which in my mind goes to the song, like butterfly in the sky. I can't wait to talk to you. OK, anyway, end-up rainbow. And then I'm just going to click it And oh, it does the dots. Is that what it does? Well, it highlights the dots. The dots will exist. But it'll just show you what level of the indentation levels by putting them in different colors. And you can change the color settings red, white, and blue. No. That's really bright. But yeah. OK
And oh, it does the dots. Is that what it does? Well, it highlights the dots. The dots will exist. But it'll just show you what level of the indentation levels by putting them in different colors. And you can change the color settings red, white, and blue. No. That's really bright. But yeah. OK But yeah. OK. So if you're dealing, especially if you're dealing with code re-indentation matters, or if you use indentation, something like this is very good because it'll help you identify where you are in the stack in your indentation
But yeah. OK. So if you're dealing, especially if you're dealing with code re-indentation matters, or if you use indentation, something like this is very good because it'll help you identify where you are in the stack in your indentation That'll also help you find bugs really quickly when you're like, oh, no, that's supposed to be indented. Why is it not indented? And then you can just end it. Oh. Well, we'll try this one. And what are the other extensions? There's indent guides as well. I don't know what indent guides
That'll also help you find bugs really quickly when you're like, oh, no, that's supposed to be indented. Why is it not indented? And then you can just end it. Oh. Well, we'll try this one. And what are the other extensions? There's indent guides as well. I don't know what indent guides I don't use either one of these. But I'm probably going to download indent rainbow. I kind of like that. Because again, every time I hear it, now I'm going to immediately sing the reading rainbow theme song. Do it. So another one that I use is called tab out. Very, very nice
I don't use either one of these. But I'm probably going to download indent rainbow. I kind of like that. Because again, every time I hear it, now I'm going to immediately sing the reading rainbow theme song. Do it. So another one that I use is called tab out. Very, very nice Very, very nice. Tab out is nice, but can possibly break your brain. So be careful with this. Have you ever been in like a bracket? And you need to get out of the bracket and go to the next thing? You can use tab out to do that. And then you just hit tab. And it takes you out of the bracket
Very, very nice. Tab out is nice, but can possibly break your brain. So be careful with this. Have you ever been in like a bracket? And you need to get out of the bracket and go to the next thing? You can use tab out to do that. And then you just hit tab. And it takes you out of the bracket Again, if it's something that your brain can do, very cool because it helps speed up like a lot of the moving, navigating through your code. But if it breaks your brain, I don't want to break your brain. Well, thank you. Thank you. I mean, it's pretty resilient
Again, if it's something that your brain can do, very cool because it helps speed up like a lot of the moving, navigating through your code. But if it breaks your brain, I don't want to break your brain. Well, thank you. Thank you. I mean, it's pretty resilient So luckily, I have witnesses to this. So if I get really stuck on it, I feel like either I'll realize, I don't know why this isn't working, and I'll get frustrated with it and realize it. Or someone else will. Or I'll just really like it. So you have another extension. It's a really important one
So luckily, I have witnesses to this. So if I get really stuck on it, I feel like either I'll realize, I don't know why this isn't working, and I'll get frustrated with it and realize it. Or someone else will. Or I'll just really like it. So you have another extension. It's a really important one It's called ad code of conduct. Oh, yay. Yeah, that is a good one. You should totally do that one. Yeah, sadly, you got it. We're not popular enough. You got to actually type the whole thing in to get it. And y'all, this is actually super, super dope
It's called ad code of conduct. Oh, yay. Yeah, that is a good one. You should totally do that one. Yeah, sadly, you got it. We're not popular enough. You got to actually type the whole thing in to get it. And y'all, this is actually super, super dope And the project that Jay was on for last week, that Jay homey. And sorry, I just flipped myself from my straw because I got excited and my pen hit the straw. Just got water all over me. Yes, yes. See, this is what happens. Is that really excited about stuff? And ads of code of conduct
And the project that Jay was on for last week, that Jay homey. And sorry, I just flipped myself from my straw because I got excited and my pen hit the straw. Just got water all over me. Yes, yes. See, this is what happens. Is that really excited about stuff? And ads of code of conduct It's really cool. Yeah. It's all I got. Are we using a non relational database for this project? I don't know what this project is. If you're talking about for the community standards project, then no, we're not using any database because no database is required
It's really cool. Yeah. It's all I got. Are we using a non relational database for this project? I don't know what this project is. If you're talking about for the community standards project, then no, we're not using any database because no database is required If you're on Tweety tag, I mean, I could see. I can see a non relational database working. Are you using a database for Tweety tag at all? Yes, we were using my blanking right now, my SQL. And for that's relational database. But it was more of just for my experience of it, not for the exact setup
If you're on Tweety tag, I mean, I could see. I can see a non relational database working. Are you using a database for Tweety tag at all? Yes, we were using my blanking right now, my SQL. And for that's relational database. But it was more of just for my experience of it, not for the exact setup I'm kind of putting Tweety tag on pause because not everybody likes to be tagged in it, but at the same time, I'm like, OK, maybe I'll stop tagging people. But I don't want to make this work
I'm kind of putting Tweety tag on pause because not everybody likes to be tagged in it, but at the same time, I'm like, OK, maybe I'll stop tagging people. But I don't want to make this work That's a good reason to have the application because then you can just say, I don't want to be tagged in this anymore. And then. Yeah. So I'm kind of putting it on pause, but it's like, if somebody needs something to work on when they're on the show, then I got it
That's a good reason to have the application because then you can just say, I don't want to be tagged in this anymore. And then. Yeah. So I'm kind of putting it on pause, but it's like, if somebody needs something to work on when they're on the show, then I got it And I'm excited to make progress on it. So yes, code of conduct is definitely something
And I'm excited to make progress on it. So yes, code of conduct is definitely something Oh, hey, Ryan, because I think you're still here, can you help me figure out the shortcut to make this a shortcut, please? Because this is something that I would like to tag more often is the community standards, because it also in the organization, it has the VS code ad code of conduct
Oh, hey, Ryan, because I think you're still here, can you help me figure out the shortcut to make this a shortcut, please? Because this is something that I would like to tag more often is the community standards, because it also in the organization, it has the VS code ad code of conduct VS code ad code of conduct. So. Thank you. We've got a couple more. And then after that, I kind of got a jet. It's about 10, 30. Yes. Yes. So we've personalized this a lot. But what we haven't done is change our icon sets. Yeah, go to your icons. Go to your file explorer there on the side
VS code ad code of conduct. So. Thank you. We've got a couple more. And then after that, I kind of got a jet. It's about 10, 30. Yes. Yes. So we've personalized this a lot. But what we haven't done is change our icon sets. Yeah, go to your icons. Go to your file explorer there on the side See how they're just little logos and little folders and little icons. Yeah. We can judge that up a little bit. Let's go into our extensions. And let's do, let's do bearded bear. Bearded bear is actually a, I want to say he's a streamer. Yep, there you go. And do bearded bear icons
See how they're just little logos and little folders and little icons. Yeah. We can judge that up a little bit. Let's go into our extensions. And let's do, let's do bearded bear. Bearded bear is actually a, I want to say he's a streamer. Yep, there you go. And do bearded bear icons Why am I like bearded bear? This is the second one. OK. He also has a theme. I don't know what the theme is. Is like I haven't checked that out. But yeah, let's set those bearded icons. And now let's take a look. Those are kind of nice. They pop more. I can see stuff better. Exactly. Yes
Why am I like bearded bear? This is the second one. OK. He also has a theme. I don't know what the theme is. Is like I haven't checked that out. But yeah, let's set those bearded icons. And now let's take a look. Those are kind of nice. They pop more. I can see stuff better. Exactly. Yes Exactly. Yes. That's what we do. So. And you can also, there's an icon missing. You can just say, hey, there's an icon missing. And then create an issue and they'll add it. So yeah, I like bearded icons. There are a few other icons sets. Let me see what I have installed
Exactly. Yes. That's what we do. So. And you can also, there's an icon missing. You can just say, hey, there's an icon missing. And then create an issue and they'll add it. So yeah, I like bearded icons. There are a few other icons sets. Let me see what I have installed I have material theme icons, which, OK. Material theme is OK. Bearded icons are OK. I think Ceti is like the default. And then like VS Code. Or no, Ceti icons is not the default. That's a different icon set. Ceti's are also kind of pretty. But I feel like not all of them exist
I have material theme icons, which, OK. Material theme is OK. Bearded icons are OK. I think Ceti is like the default. And then like VS Code. Or no, Ceti icons is not the default. That's a different icon set. Ceti's are also kind of pretty. But I feel like not all of them exist So yeah, bearded icons is kind of cool. And again, a cool thing. More than welcome to come through here and do some digging around. We do, yes, Thunder Client. Yes. You do a little bit of API stuff. Yes. Yes. Thunder Client is one
So yeah, bearded icons is kind of cool. And again, a cool thing. More than welcome to come through here and do some digging around. We do, yes, Thunder Client. Yes. You do a little bit of API stuff. Yes. Yes. Thunder Client is one I think there's another one that James Quick talks about a lot that I haven't tried. Oh, he's going to come on the show eventually. I don't know when. We'd have talked about it. And then thank you
I think there's another one that James Quick talks about a lot that I haven't tried. Oh, he's going to come on the show eventually. I don't know when. We'd have talked about it. And then thank you And then thank you. Do I, I, how do I say your name? Is it? Is it a API? Nick, your, your, your, your, your, your, your, your, your, I'm horrible at names. And I need to start googling it like, like Laura suggested. But I will install this one
And then thank you. Do I, I, how do I say your name? Is it? Is it a API? Nick, your, your, your, your, your, your, your, your, your, I'm horrible at names. And I need to start googling it like, like Laura suggested. But I will install this one And this is a great call out because we are actually having an API Denver Meetup, which I'm a co-organizer for tomorrow. Nice. So oh, and also everyone, next JS, the conference is the next two days. I'm in scene. Come hang out with me. It's all in line. It's free tickets. Do it. Yeah
And this is a great call out because we are actually having an API Denver Meetup, which I'm a co-organizer for tomorrow. Nice. So oh, and also everyone, next JS, the conference is the next two days. I'm in scene. Come hang out with me. It's all in line. It's free tickets. Do it. Yeah Do it. Yeah. So yeah, the, the one that James uses is Rapid API. I think there's like stuff involved with that. ThunderClyn is just in VS code. So you don't have to add anything else to it. ThunderClyn's a pretty lightweight. It does add a little thing
Do it. Yeah. So yeah, the, the one that James uses is Rapid API. I think there's like stuff involved with that. ThunderClyn is just in VS code. So you don't have to add anything else to it. ThunderClyn's a pretty lightweight. It does add a little thing So go into the little three dots on the sidebar. And by the way, Nick said that his name is just Nick. Oh, thank you. So let's do a new request. Actually, let's, let's do a request for, OK. So yeah, you can just do the, the welcome
So go into the little three dots on the sidebar. And by the way, Nick said that his name is just Nick. Oh, thank you. So let's do a new request. Actually, let's, let's do a request for, OK. So yeah, you can just do the, the welcome So if you want to actually just type in a request here to see what output you get instead of having to write the code, you can just use ThunderClyn to say like, oh, if I type this in, what do I get? And then you get the output. This is also good for local testing
So if you want to actually just type in a request here to see what output you get instead of having to write the code, you can just use ThunderClyn to say like, oh, if I type this in, what do I get? And then you get the output. This is also good for local testing So if you build a web application, like a Django app or a Flask app, you can save your requests in these in like collections. And then just test, you know, what you want to happen. And you can even have it as a test runner
So if you build a web application, like a Django app or a Flask app, you can save your requests in these in like collections. And then just test, you know, what you want to happen. And you can even have it as a test runner I would not suggest using it as a test runner because it's there actually have test runners for that. But if you need a quick test of what's it's going to do when I run it, just run it and then type it in here and you're good. And you get the response in here. Yay. I do have to go as well
I would not suggest using it as a test runner because it's there actually have test runners for that. But if you need a quick test of what's it's going to do when I run it, just run it and then type it in here and you're good. And you get the response in here. Yay. I do have to go as well Are there any of that remiss that I need to go install later? Or can I just say, hey, we need to have J back on the show to probably like finish this up. And then we can also talk about, you know, the community standard stuff. Yeah. I'd be happy to come back on it another time
Are there any of that remiss that I need to go install later? Or can I just say, hey, we need to have J back on the show to probably like finish this up. And then we can also talk about, you know, the community standard stuff. Yeah. I'd be happy to come back on it another time And, you know, we can talk about it. And I mean, again, there are always new extensions and things like that. If you have new extensions, you can tell me about them. My social media stuff is right here. I'm on Twitter. I'm only on Twitter. I'm also on Twitch. You can follow me on Twitch
And, you know, we can talk about it. And I mean, again, there are always new extensions and things like that. If you have new extensions, you can tell me about them. My social media stuff is right here. I'm on Twitter. I'm only on Twitter. I'm also on Twitch. You can follow me on Twitch I will be streaming again soon. Right now, I've got conferences. Like my last conference of the year is like next week. And then I've got like some user group stuff that I'm working on. So once all that's done, I'll be back to streaming again. Yay. Yes
I will be streaming again soon. Right now, I've got conferences. Like my last conference of the year is like next week. And then I've got like some user group stuff that I'm working on. So once all that's done, I'll be back to streaming again. Yay. Yes Yay. Yes. And as y'all know on the daily, you get rated into a really cool channel, which I actually have as I'm doing this. Coding garden seems really, really cool. So maybe one day they'll be on the show. So if you guys are going to go hang out with them, tell them to come be on the show
Yay. Yes. And as y'all know on the daily, you get rated into a really cool channel, which I actually have as I'm doing this. Coding garden seems really, really cool. So maybe one day they'll be on the show. So if you guys are going to go hang out with them, tell them to come be on the show They're also in Denver. So I told them to come to the API Denver Vita. So come hang out with us again. We will let you know when Jay will be back on the show after conferences and go enjoy coding gardens. So thank you, everyone. Bye.
They're also in Denver. So I told them to come to the API Denver Vita. So come hang out with us again. We will let you know when Jay will be back on the show after conferences and go enjoy coding gardens. So thank you, everyone. Bye.