Hello, hello beautiful humans. Welcome to another episode of Teach Shandtek. I know I've been a bit MIA this week with NUX Nation, so welcome back. And today we have someone that is pretty well known in the tech community, streaming community, Twitter, all the things Jason, Jason, please introduce yourself in case people don't know who you are. Yeah, hi, I'm Jason Langstorf. I am the host of Learn With Jason, which is a show here on Twitch. And also at LearnWithJSON.dev
Jason, Jason, please introduce yourself in case people don't know who you are. Yeah, hi, I'm Jason Langstorf. I am the host of Learn With Jason, which is a show here on Twitch. And also at LearnWithJSON.devdev. I also teach a lot of folks how to build for the modern web over a Netlify, been doing developer experience for a long time. And part of that I worked in product engineering for a very long time
dev. I also teach a lot of folks how to build for the modern web over a Netlify, been doing developer experience for a long time. And part of that I worked in product engineering for a very long time And you know, I'm just trying to find ways to goof around on the internet and have fun and see if we can all make this place a little bit less bleak every day, right? Yeah, thank you, especially with everything going on. I feel like that's to everybody going on with TechLayoffs right now
And you know, I'm just trying to find ways to goof around on the internet and have fun and see if we can all make this place a little bit less bleak every day, right? Yeah, thank you, especially with everything going on. I feel like that's to everybody going on with TechLayoffs right now I adore you. Please, please stay positive. I've dealt with that too. So hopefully this gives you a little bit of fun for the day. And what up Anthony? Thank you for joining me
I adore you. Please, please stay positive. I've dealt with that too. So hopefully this gives you a little bit of fun for the day. And what up Anthony? Thank you for joining me So Anthony, along with a few other people, were how I found out that Jason existed because it was, Anthony was the third person I talked to you and was like, hey, you should just start streaming like LearnWithJSON. And I'm like, who's Jason? So this happened again and again and again
So Anthony, along with a few other people, were how I found out that Jason existed because it was, Anthony was the third person I talked to you and was like, hey, you should just start streaming like LearnWithJSON. And I'm like, who's Jason? So this happened again and again and again Like there were like multiple people that finally I was like, uh, I should probably read out to this Jason person because like everybody likes his style and knows who he is
Like there were like multiple people that finally I was like, uh, I should probably read out to this Jason person because like everybody likes his style and knows who he is So y'all, I'm pretty sure my first like message to him, which I'm still surprised he replied was like, hi, I'm starting my stream like tomorrow. So you should come on the stream sometime and yeah, that I think was my awkward way of saying it
So y'all, I'm pretty sure my first like message to him, which I'm still surprised he replied was like, hi, I'm starting my stream like tomorrow. So you should come on the stream sometime and yeah, that I think was my awkward way of saying it And uh, people don't believe me how awkward I am in the DMs. Like I honestly just say, hey, can we be friends? I'm also pretty sure that is how Yere and I ended up hanging out and oh yeah, okay. Y'all are hearing the echo too. Uh-oh. Hmm
And uh, people don't believe me how awkward I am in the DMs. Like I honestly just say, hey, can we be friends? I'm also pretty sure that is how Yere and I ended up hanging out and oh yeah, okay. Y'all are hearing the echo too. Uh-oh. Hmm Uh-oh. Hmm. Let me try swapping Mike's safe that helps because I hear it on my end for myself. Yeah, I don't hear it. Hmm, did you do you? All right, y'all, is this going to be better? I hear Mack's still. Hmm. Well, that's annoying. Is this any better? Any better? No, I still hear myself. Hmm
Uh-oh. Hmm. Let me try swapping Mike's safe that helps because I hear it on my end for myself. Yeah, I don't hear it. Hmm, did you do you? All right, y'all, is this going to be better? I hear Mack's still. Hmm. Well, that's annoying. Is this any better? Any better? No, I still hear myself. Hmm Hmm. Is it annoying so much that we got to figure it out or do we think we can deal with it? Wait, it might have gone away. I think it went away. Are we good? I think so. I'm not thinking about your other mic then. Okay. Yeah. All right, y'all. How is this? Check, check. I think we're doing better
Hmm. Is it annoying so much that we got to figure it out or do we think we can deal with it? Wait, it might have gone away. I think it went away. Are we good? I think so. I'm not thinking about your other mic then. Okay. Yeah. All right, y'all. How is this? Check, check. I think we're doing better Hopefully, y'all right, let us know if you still hear it. Yery's tuning in from YouTube just because I auto-stream over there. So thanks. Okay, thanks for the great pause. Uh, yes
Hopefully, y'all right, let us know if you still hear it. Yery's tuning in from YouTube just because I auto-stream over there. So thanks. Okay, thanks for the great pause. Uh, yes Uh, yes. So today, we were going over the history of me being awkward and retinot people because that is how I also met everybody that said hi in the chat today. Also being awkward because y'all were there from the beginning of the journey. So thank you. Right
Uh, yes. So today, we were going over the history of me being awkward and retinot people because that is how I also met everybody that said hi in the chat today. Also being awkward because y'all were there from the beginning of the journey. So thank you. Right Right. I, I will say that in terms of like awkwardness in the DMs, you're, you're maybe middle of the road. I get some extremely strange DMs. I keep hearing about people like getting asked for laptops. Yes. And I'm like, that one's a, yeah, that one's a little bit
Right. I, I will say that in terms of like awkwardness in the DMs, you're, you're maybe middle of the road. I get some extremely strange DMs. I keep hearing about people like getting asked for laptops. Yes. And I'm like, that one's a, yeah, that one's a little bit Well, it's, that one's kind of sad. Like, people can't afford laptops and they, they think that getting a laptop will get them into tech so that they can get a better life. So they just kind of ask for a laptop. Yeah. And that makes sense
Well, it's, that one's kind of sad. Like, people can't afford laptops and they, they think that getting a laptop will get them into tech so that they can get a better life. So they just kind of ask for a laptop. Yeah. And that makes sense I guess I just don't understand like, so y'all, I've been on my journey of Deverell for like five, almost five months now, but I've been unemployed since January. So if people ask me for a laptop, I'm like, mine not died. I don't even have a money to afford mine
I guess I just don't understand like, so y'all, I've been on my journey of Deverell for like five, almost five months now, but I've been unemployed since January. So if people ask me for a laptop, I'm like, mine not died. I don't even have a money to afford mine But it's like, that's why I think it's, it's interesting, but you're so right. Like, it's like that dynamic of reading more into it and being able to help more. Or the hellos. The hellos are always fun. The hay. Yeah, those ones I just have to ignore at this point
But it's like, that's why I think it's, it's interesting, but you're so right. Like, it's like that dynamic of reading more into it and being able to help more. Or the hellos. The hellos are always fun. The hay. Yeah, those ones I just have to ignore at this point Like if somebody sends me a message with no context, like, it's stressful enough when it's at work where you get the DM from somebody on your team that's just like, hey, it's like, you got to give me the rest of the message. Like, you can start with hay, but then say the rest of the thing, please
Like if somebody sends me a message with no context, like, it's stressful enough when it's at work where you get the DM from somebody on your team that's just like, hey, it's like, you got to give me the rest of the message. Like, you can start with hay, but then say the rest of the thing, please Yes. Yes. And y'all again, like, this is how you like what not to do, but yes, my, my, my message was literally, I'm stoked to be on my journey of devoral following in your footsteps of a bit, but from being a total new, I'm going to start teach Gen Tech
Yes. Yes. And y'all again, like, this is how you like what not to do, but yes, my, my, my message was literally, I'm stoked to be on my journey of devoral following in your footsteps of a bit, but from being a total new, I'm going to start teach Gen Tech And then like three days later, y'all right, was the first guest. So thank y'all. And thanks Jason without even knowing it, inspiring me to do this. Happy to have you to play some small part in this journey. Yay
And then like three days later, y'all right, was the first guest. So thank y'all. And thanks Jason without even knowing it, inspiring me to do this. Happy to have you to play some small part in this journey. Yay Yay. Now, if we're talking about Netlify and today, and I'm actually pretty excited because people have talked about Netlify from the beginning. And like, so it's hosting is what I've gathered and I'm worked at GoDaddy. So I'm like, okay, hosting
Yay. Now, if we're talking about Netlify and today, and I'm actually pretty excited because people have talked about Netlify from the beginning. And like, so it's hosting is what I've gathered and I'm worked at GoDaddy. So I'm like, okay, hosting Okay, same, same, I'm think, but yet it still has not clicked. Like, I even watched like the intro video
Okay, same, same, I'm think, but yet it still has not clicked. Like, I even watched like the intro video And I'm like, why is this not clicking? Why are things like Netlify not clicking? So how would you describe it
And I'm like, why is this not clicking? Why are things like Netlify not clicking? So how would you describe it So Netlify is a little bit tricky to describe because it is built of component parts like hosting or cloud functions or, you know, DNS management, which are all kind of commoditized things that are clear
So Netlify is a little bit tricky to describe because it is built of component parts like hosting or cloud functions or, you know, DNS management, which are all kind of commoditized things that are clear You understand those. But what we do that's different is it's kind of like a workflow platform. And the idea is that we're not selling you infrastructure. We're selling you efficiency and productivity
You understand those. But what we do that's different is it's kind of like a workflow platform. And the idea is that we're not selling you infrastructure. We're selling you efficiency and productivity And so the value of Netlify, like what you get when you choose Netlify as your platform is a faster feedback loop from idea to something live. Whoa. I am now twitch just unmuted itself. And I started hearing myself talking to myself
And so the value of Netlify, like what you get when you choose Netlify as your platform is a faster feedback loop from idea to something live. Whoa. I am now twitch just unmuted itself. And I started hearing myself talking to myself So you get a you get a faster feedback loop from like having an idea to seeing that idea live on the internet. And the way that we do that is by making it faster to deploy your site so that you can get them up and hosted. So we manage the CDN for you so that they are faster
So you get a you get a faster feedback loop from like having an idea to seeing that idea live on the internet. And the way that we do that is by making it faster to deploy your site so that you can get them up and hosted. So we manage the CDN for you so that they are faster It's less likely to hit problems if you get a lot of traffic really fast. We automatically deploy and scale serverless functions. We give you tools like redirects and proxies that make it easy to set up, you know, an API like thing
It's less likely to hit problems if you get a lot of traffic really fast. We automatically deploy and scale serverless functions. We give you tools like redirects and proxies that make it easy to set up, you know, an API like thing If you want your site to have a slash API slash episodes for for Teach and Tech, for example, you can do that with a serverless function and a redirect that will give you the ability to stand up this API in a few minutes instead of having to figure out how to set up a node server and then where does that node server run and how much does that cost
If you want your site to have a slash API slash episodes for for Teach and Tech, for example, you can do that with a serverless function and a redirect that will give you the ability to stand up this API in a few minutes instead of having to figure out how to set up a node server and then where does that node server run and how much does that cost And how do I get the node service plugged into my website service so they're both on the same domain, right? Like all these things that are tricky, right? With Netlify, you just get to have these ideas and do them very quickly and they're up and running
And how do I get the node service plugged into my website service so they're both on the same domain, right? Like all these things that are tricky, right? With Netlify, you just get to have these ideas and do them very quickly and they're up and running We also offer local development tools so that you have the ability to get like our CLI, for example, and you can run Netlify Dev. We'll auto detect which framework you're using. We'll start it in local development mode
We also offer local development tools so that you have the ability to get like our CLI, for example, and you can run Netlify Dev. We'll auto detect which framework you're using. We'll start it in local development mode And also we'll be running your serverless functions, your edge functions, anything that you're running there. And we'll pull in your environment variables so that you can set the environment variables once and then they're available locally. They're available and staging
And also we'll be running your serverless functions, your edge functions, anything that you're running there. And we'll pull in your environment variables so that you can set the environment variables once and then they're available locally. They're available and staging They're available in production. You're not dealing with .n files
They're available in production. You're not dealing with .n filesn files. You don't have to figure out how to like ignore them locally so they don't go into GitHub, but still use them and then you have to like put them somewhere else so that they get loaded in production and all that kind of dance of trying to keep things secure
n files. You don't have to figure out how to like ignore them locally so they don't go into GitHub, but still use them and then you have to like put them somewhere else so that they get loaded in production and all that kind of dance of trying to keep things secure There's all of these just little things. So maybe the biggest pitch is what Netlify is doing is it's removing what I've started calling undifferentiated labor. So if you think about like the amount of work that you have to do to build a website, there's your actual idea
There's all of these just little things. So maybe the biggest pitch is what Netlify is doing is it's removing what I've started calling undifferentiated labor. So if you think about like the amount of work that you have to do to build a website, there's your actual idea So there's the design, the logic, the interface. That's the valuable part. That's the piece that you need to create because it's unique. And then there's all the stuff that has zero difference from every other website on the internet. You need CDN. You need hosting
So there's the design, the logic, the interface. That's the valuable part. That's the piece that you need to create because it's unique. And then there's all the stuff that has zero difference from every other website on the internet. You need CDN. You need hosting You need hosting. You need it to be up and running. You need it to be deployable. You need to make sure that the CICD starts whenever you make changes. All of that boilerplate and all of that configuration, it's undifferentiated. It works basically the same for every website
You need hosting. You need it to be up and running. You need it to be deployable. You need to make sure that the CICD starts whenever you make changes. All of that boilerplate and all of that configuration, it's undifferentiated. It works basically the same for every website So there's not really any value in you doing it yourself. When you hit an edge case where you need to do it yourself, great. But for the vast majority of use cases, it's just not worth your time. And so that's where Netlify becomes value
So there's not really any value in you doing it yourself. When you hit an edge case where you need to do it yourself, great. But for the vast majority of use cases, it's just not worth your time. And so that's where Netlify becomes value It saves you from having to do all this stuff that's the same every time. So you can focus on building the unique value of whatever project you're working on. Interesting
It saves you from having to do all this stuff that's the same every time. So you can focus on building the unique value of whatever project you're working on. Interesting Interesting. Because it, it, it almost because I think like so many of us like, okay, in the new world, even more new than me, I don't think a lot of us knew like how to set up a website
Interesting. Because it, it, it almost because I think like so many of us like, okay, in the new world, even more new than me, I don't think a lot of us knew like how to set up a website And even when in the GoDaddy world, because that's what I compare a lot of it to is going to be like, oh, hey, like this is, you know, if we're going to build hosting, I'll probably do WordPress. You know, that's where like so much of it went to
And even when in the GoDaddy world, because that's what I compare a lot of it to is going to be like, oh, hey, like this is, you know, if we're going to build hosting, I'll probably do WordPress. You know, that's where like so much of it went to Like that was kind of like the slightly more technical, but you all just for now. So you know, my websites are totally built on Squarespace because I was like, I need something quick. And I don't want to think about all of this
Like that was kind of like the slightly more technical, but you all just for now. So you know, my websites are totally built on Squarespace because I was like, I need something quick. And I don't want to think about all of this But as I'm building up my own technical knowledge, a homey, which I'm guessing will be here at some point, if not, you helped us have to hear this in the recording. You need to remind me that I need to start doing a real developer website, not a, you know, plug-in play website. Yeah
But as I'm building up my own technical knowledge, a homey, which I'm guessing will be here at some point, if not, you helped us have to hear this in the recording. You need to remind me that I need to start doing a real developer website, not a, you know, plug-in play website. Yeah Yeah. And I would, I mean, especially as you're pretty early on, I would really encourage you not to use words like real developer, just because it, like if you built something for the web, whether you used Wix or Squarespace or whatever, you're a real developer
Yeah. And I would, I mean, especially as you're pretty early on, I would really encourage you not to use words like real developer, just because it, like if you built something for the web, whether you used Wix or Squarespace or whatever, you're a real developer You're making something for the web. And the, like, because the pitfall of making that distinction of like what's real development and what's not is that there's always an abstraction under the abstraction
You're making something for the web. And the, like, because the pitfall of making that distinction of like what's real development and what's not is that there's always an abstraction under the abstraction Even somebody who's writing, like, C sharp on the back end and, you know, doing like ultra low level stuff, they're not, you know, they could go deeper. They could understand how the byte code works. They could understand how the binary works
Even somebody who's writing, like, C sharp on the back end and, you know, doing like ultra low level stuff, they're not, you know, they could go deeper. They could understand how the byte code works. They could understand how the binary works They could understand how the actual hardware on the circuits works. You could get all the way down and tell you're talking about how do we teach rocks to think back in the day, right? And that whole piece, the trick is is that it becomes a moving goal post
They could understand how the actual hardware on the circuits works. You could get all the way down and tell you're talking about how do we teach rocks to think back in the day, right? And that whole piece, the trick is is that it becomes a moving goal post And the reason I think it's important to not frame things that way is I think one of the major challenges for so many people is that as soon as they've learned something, they assume that that thing is no longer valuable. And they think because I could figure this out, it's not hard, it's not real
And the reason I think it's important to not frame things that way is I think one of the major challenges for so many people is that as soon as they've learned something, they assume that that thing is no longer valuable. And they think because I could figure this out, it's not hard, it's not real Only the stuff I don't understand yet is hard or real. And then they hold themselves back from ever giving themselves credit as being capable
Only the stuff I don't understand yet is hard or real. And then they hold themselves back from ever giving themselves credit as being capable Despite the fact that like they built all this stuff, like how many people out there have they don't even know how to get a website up on the internet, even if they have a tool like Wix or Squarespace or whatever. And they would look at you as like, dang, you're a web developer
Despite the fact that like they built all this stuff, like how many people out there have they don't even know how to get a website up on the internet, even if they have a tool like Wix or Squarespace or whatever. And they would look at you as like, dang, you're a web developer And that's true, you are. And I think that's the, you know, it's important to recognize the value of what you can do, even if it's not like what you've seen somebody else do. And I so appreciate that because it really is something that we all need to remember
And that's true, you are. And I think that's the, you know, it's important to recognize the value of what you can do, even if it's not like what you've seen somebody else do. And I so appreciate that because it really is something that we all need to remember And Wesley Falkner was the first person I met on this whole like devoral journey of me awkwardly replying to people in Twitter. It was really, really awkward on this thread. And if you were part of this awkwardness. So it was, I was talking to Wesley
And Wesley Falkner was the first person I met on this whole like devoral journey of me awkwardly replying to people in Twitter. It was really, really awkward on this thread. And if you were part of this awkwardness. So it was, I was talking to Wesley And first, he was like the first person that was like, yeah, you can be ADHD and just like it, just like I can be a coder like you totally can't. I'm like, you can. And so there's a lot of tools that I'm learning for that
And first, he was like the first person that was like, yeah, you can be ADHD and just like it, just like I can be a coder like you totally can't. I'm like, you can. And so there's a lot of tools that I'm learning for that But one thing that he said that really matches what you said was the fact he's like, many, many people will say if it's easy for me, it's not a skill. If it's hard for me, it's a skill. And I'm like, damn, I feel like you just like said that in a very, very different way yet
But one thing that he said that really matches what you said was the fact he's like, many, many people will say if it's easy for me, it's not a skill. If it's hard for me, it's a skill. And I'm like, damn, I feel like you just like said that in a very, very different way yet We had a Twitter space yesterday with about devorals actually. Really, really good at Twitter space. And we were talking about how advocacy is like really like just doing streams or blogs or Chad from tech is hiring
We had a Twitter space yesterday with about devorals actually. Really, really good at Twitter space. And we were talking about how advocacy is like really like just doing streams or blogs or Chad from tech is hiring We were like, yeah, you're a devorally, literally advocate for people to find jobs like you were doing the work. And I think it is that must have that you're talking about of, yeah, it might not be the level I want to be, but you're right. Further than I was even four months ago
We were like, yeah, you're a devorally, literally advocate for people to find jobs like you were doing the work. And I think it is that must have that you're talking about of, yeah, it might not be the level I want to be, but you're right. Further than I was even four months ago And that idea of like if I can do it, it doesn't feel like a skill. Like I got this put into perspective pretty sharply a while back where I got the chance I was in Las Vegas
And that idea of like if I can do it, it doesn't feel like a skill. Like I got this put into perspective pretty sharply a while back where I got the chance I was in Las Vegas And through just a friend of a friend, I'm connected to the personal trainer for the Cirque du Soleil folks that run, oh, at the Bellagio. And so I got invited to go backstage at oh, and kind of see how the show runs and meet some of the performers and all this stuff
And through just a friend of a friend, I'm connected to the personal trainer for the Cirque du Soleil folks that run, oh, at the Bellagio. And so I got invited to go backstage at oh, and kind of see how the show runs and meet some of the performers and all this stuff And for the people who are in Cirque du Soleil, that is the most mind bending thing to me. These are people who are, you know, they're doing flips 100 feet in the air. They're, you know, they're doing these incredible stunts. And to them, that's a job. It's not hard. It's not exciting
And for the people who are in Cirque du Soleil, that is the most mind bending thing to me. These are people who are, you know, they're doing flips 100 feet in the air. They're, you know, they're doing these incredible stunts. And to them, that's a job. It's not hard. It's not exciting It's not exciting. It's not scary. They do three shows of day. And they're just, it's just a boring job. They're looking forward to their weekend. They, you know, they want to be done
It's not exciting. It's not scary. They do three shows of day. And they're just, it's just a boring job. They're looking forward to their weekend. They, you know, they want to be done And, and so no matter what the thing is, no matter what the skill is, if you do it often enough, it ceases to have a like personal challenge because it's now a thing that you've gained a high level of skill at
And, and so no matter what the thing is, no matter what the skill is, if you do it often enough, it ceases to have a like personal challenge because it's now a thing that you've gained a high level of skill at And, and it just turns into like the boring thing that you do before you get to your weekend. And, and so I think that's a, that was really good framing for me when I saw that like somebody would be at Cirque du Soleil, they're, they're up on stage, do some wild stun
And, and it just turns into like the boring thing that you do before you get to your weekend. And, and so I think that's a, that was really good framing for me when I saw that like somebody would be at Cirque du Soleil, they're, they're up on stage, do some wild stun And then they, they like do their performance flounce off stage and then they get behind the curtain and they just light up a cigarette and look forward. All right
And then they, they like do their performance flounce off stage and then they get behind the curtain and they just light up a cigarette and look forward. All right All right. I'm gonna go kind of like blew my mind that that is, you know, you would think, right? I would think that they would get off stage and they would stay in peak performance and like, okay, must practice must be like paying attention and nope, nope, not at all
All right. I'm gonna go kind of like blew my mind that that is, you know, you would think, right? I would think that they would get off stage and they would stay in peak performance and like, okay, must practice must be like paying attention and nope, nope, not at all They're like the texting, not paying the complainant about the, oh, I got to work tomorrow. I got to cover for so-and-so. Like it's wild, absolutely wild. And I just love the fact
They're like the texting, not paying the complainant about the, oh, I got to work tomorrow. I got to cover for so-and-so. Like it's wild, absolutely wild. And I just love the fact So y'all, I don't know if any of you have MCD or done anything like like a lot of speakers will like go on stage and then you're like one in done
So y'all, I don't know if any of you have MCD or done anything like like a lot of speakers will like go on stage and then you're like one in done As an MC, you're constantly having to go on stage and I just relate so much to what you just explained is as soon as somebody else was talking, I was like, it's like that, that Ben Affleck meme already like standing outside his front door just like with a cigarette
As an MC, you're constantly having to go on stage and I just relate so much to what you just explained is as soon as somebody else was talking, I was like, it's like that, that Ben Affleck meme already like standing outside his front door just like with a cigarette Because like I was just like, okay, I've like, like, and I had somebody on the other screen and they were just like, yeah, you can relax now. It's cool. I'm like, okay. So I'm really excited that circle, circle, so lay, do the same thing and yes, they make it look so easy. It's true
Because like I was just like, okay, I've like, like, and I had somebody on the other screen and they were just like, yeah, you can relax now. It's cool. I'm like, okay. So I'm really excited that circle, circle, so lay, do the same thing and yes, they make it look so easy. It's true It's true. But I'm excited because I think I'm going to use this opportunity to also maybe start setting up my website again. I feel like I'm going to be so happy because he keeps bugging me to have a real website. And okay, there is a real website. It's a more technical website. There we go
It's true. But I'm excited because I think I'm going to use this opportunity to also maybe start setting up my website again. I feel like I'm going to be so happy because he keeps bugging me to have a real website. And okay, there is a real website. It's a more technical website. There we go There we go. A more technical website. All right. So here's here's what we can do today. We've got another like 40 minutes, right? Technically, if you want to go for the full 90, we have- Oh, full 90. Okay. Yeah. We're good. And hour 10. But if you want to do it, we can do whatever. No, no. Okay
There we go. A more technical website. All right. So here's here's what we can do today. We've got another like 40 minutes, right? Technically, if you want to go for the full 90, we have- Oh, full 90. Okay. Yeah. We're good. And hour 10. But if you want to do it, we can do whatever. No, no. Okay No, no. Okay. So here's what I, here's what I think we can do within the, within the span of the next hour 10. We can get you set up with a local repo. We can get local development running
No, no. Okay. So here's what I, here's what I think we can do within the, within the span of the next hour 10. We can get you set up with a local repo. We can get local development running We can get it deployed to the internet with some basic text and make it so that whenever you make changes and push, it will update the site. And I think we can, yeah
We can get it deployed to the internet with some basic text and make it so that whenever you make changes and push, it will update the site. And I think we can, yeah And depending on how that feels, we can also look at doing some, some personalization stuff for some, some kind of fancy, like we'll call it, we'll call it jazz hands for the website. But yeah, so do you want to, do you want to just kind of dive in here? Yeah, I definitely do
And depending on how that feels, we can also look at doing some, some personalization stuff for some, some kind of fancy, like we'll call it, we'll call it jazz hands for the website. But yeah, so do you want to, do you want to just kind of dive in here? Yeah, I definitely do And real quick, just a kitchen up on a few of the chats. Is that like the full Monty? I'm not going to lie. I totally missed what this one was for. So yes, sure. Why not? And thank you for the compliments on the, um, and seeing I'm glad to see that you are here and definitely ask us questions
And real quick, just a kitchen up on a few of the chats. Is that like the full Monty? I'm not going to lie. I totally missed what this one was for. So yes, sure. Why not? And thank you for the compliments on the, um, and seeing I'm glad to see that you are here and definitely ask us questions It was a fun couple of days. And oh, yeah. Ooh, I like that full Monty being the full 90. I get it. I get it now. Thank you. Okay. So getting started, I'm guessing I need to go to Netlify. Yes. So this is, this is kind of where we're actually starting
It was a fun couple of days. And oh, yeah. Ooh, I like that full Monty being the full 90. I get it. I get it now. Thank you. Okay. So getting started, I'm guessing I need to go to Netlify. Yes. So this is, this is kind of where we're actually starting So if you want to sign up, you can sign up with your GitHub account. Good. Yeah. All right. And so this is what this will do is, um, it gives Netlify the ability to list your repos and also listen for changes on them
So if you want to sign up, you can sign up with your GitHub account. Good. Yeah. All right. And so this is what this will do is, um, it gives Netlify the ability to list your repos and also listen for changes on them Um, so this, is it going to let you, you might be able to skip this or you can just kind of like power through it? Oh, yeah. We'll do this for work. Here we go. Yeah. I'm a, uh, we'll say web designer. I like it. Company of me. My first product will be marketing your company site
Um, so this, is it going to let you, you might be able to skip this or you can just kind of like power through it? Oh, yeah. We'll do this for work. Here we go. Yeah. I'm a, uh, we'll say web designer. I like it. Company of me. My first product will be marketing your company site I just said, um, other, all of you. That's right. That's right. Um, I'll just say everyone. And name of my, um, see if I can type, uh, name or company is Teach InPEC. Oh, you didn't auto do it. I hate that sometimes I don't know when it's actually going to auto do this stuff
I just said, um, other, all of you. That's right. That's right. Um, I'll just say everyone. And name of my, um, see if I can type, uh, name or company is Teach InPEC. Oh, you didn't auto do it. I hate that sometimes I don't know when it's actually going to auto do this stuff So you guys teach, teach, teach. Oh, did I really? It's all right. You can fix it later. All right. Well, that, okay. So you can skip this step for now because we're going to, we're going to set up from, uh, from local. So up at the top, there's a skip link. And this is your dashboard. Okay
So you guys teach, teach, teach. Oh, did I really? It's all right. You can fix it later. All right. Well, that, okay. So you can skip this step for now because we're going to, we're going to set up from, uh, from local. So up at the top, there's a skip link. And this is your dashboard. Okay Okay. Um, so if you want to fix your, your team name, you can go to team settings at the top, uh, top right under that upgrade button there. Uh, do do. Thank you. And y'all, I didn't put in my contacts today. So I'm also really blind
Okay. Um, so if you want to fix your, your team name, you can go to team settings at the top, uh, top right under that upgrade button there. Uh, do do. Thank you. And y'all, I didn't put in my contacts today. So I'm also really blind Um, because I, I don't know if anybody's ever done this, but you're like, Hey, I have 30 minutes to get ready and do stuff. So I'm going to do it really slow. And then the next time you look at your phone, it's time to start. And I'm like, Oh, shit. And ran to my computer. So I don't have lessons
Um, because I, I don't know if anybody's ever done this, but you're like, Hey, I have 30 minutes to get ready and do stuff. So I'm going to do it really slow. And then the next time you look at your phone, it's time to start. And I'm like, Oh, shit. And ran to my computer. So I don't have lessons I don't have anything. I'm just like, I can't see. I'm going to squint at the computer a lot. But all right. I'm going to thank you for telling me how to fix that. So all right. This is actually all you need to do for right now
I don't have anything. I'm just like, I can't see. I'm going to squint at the computer a lot. But all right. I'm going to thank you for telling me how to fix that. So all right. This is actually all you need to do for right now So, um, do you have, uh, a terminal that you prefer? I actually think that I've been needing to come up with a reason for, uh, James Quicks to come on the show. Like we've talked about it. And I think this is why I'm going to ask you to come on the show. I feel like I've keep meaning to do this
So, um, do you have, uh, a terminal that you prefer? I actually think that I've been needing to come up with a reason for, uh, James Quicks to come on the show. Like we've talked about it. And I think this is why I'm going to ask you to come on the show. I feel like I've keep meaning to do this And his is like so cool. Yeah, there's some really fun stuff you can do with the terminal. Do you have node installed? Yes. Okay. So do, uh, NPM install. And we're going to do Netlify dash CLI and do a dash G, uh, with a space before the dash G
And his is like so cool. Yeah, there's some really fun stuff you can do with the terminal. Do you have node installed? Yes. Okay. So do, uh, NPM install. And we're going to do Netlify dash CLI and do a dash G, uh, with a space before the dash G And what that's going to do is it's going to install the Netlify CLI globally so that you can just type the Netlify command. And so there's, there's the full command, which is Netlify, or there's a shortcut, which is N, T, L. If you want to, uh, use fewer characters
And what that's going to do is it's going to install the Netlify CLI globally so that you can just type the Netlify command. And so there's, there's the full command, which is Netlify, or there's a shortcut, which is N, T, L. If you want to, uh, use fewer characters Um, and so this is going to give us the ability to set up new sites. Uh, it's going to let us do local dev. We can manage environment variables. We can do a whole bunch of things from here
Um, and so this is going to give us the ability to set up new sites. Uh, it's going to let us do local dev. We can manage environment variables. We can do a whole bunch of things from here Um, so do you have a, a, a preferred place to keep sites? Actually, do you, do you already have a site that you're, you're working on right now? Solid question. If you, if you want to start from scratch, it's actually like that'll, you know, that, that's even fewer. Okay
Um, so do you have a, a, a preferred place to keep sites? Actually, do you, do you already have a site that you're, you're working on right now? Solid question. If you, if you want to start from scratch, it's actually like that'll, you know, that, that's even fewer. Okay Okay. So make a folder wherever you want it to be. That's going to be your website. Oh, I should have known. After thing, is it M, D, I, R to make a folder? Uh, Mk, D, I, R. So make it. Okay, D, I, yeah. I always forget. And I'm just going to call it this because then, okay
Okay. So make a folder wherever you want it to be. That's going to be your website. Oh, I should have known. After thing, is it M, D, I, R to make a folder? Uh, Mk, D, I, R. So make it. Okay, D, I, yeah. I always forget. And I'm just going to call it this because then, okay So then move on in there. Okay. And you, uh, do a get in it. So we're going to set this up as a new repo. Okay
So then move on in there. Okay. And you, uh, do a get in it. So we're going to set this up as a new repo. Okay And then, um, do you have a preference on like what you want to build with? Do you want to use plain HTML? Do you want to use React? Do you want to use, uh, framework
And then, um, do you have a preference on like what you want to build with? Do you want to use plain HTML? Do you want to use React? Do you want to use, uh, framework I feel like maybe I should do stuff like React only because it's like what I started learning with Anthony, but then there's next with next nation kind of stuff
I feel like maybe I should do stuff like React only because it's like what I started learning with Anthony, but then there's next with next nation kind of stuff And it's like, how about this? Let's, let's not force that decision today. We'll just do a plain old HTML. And then you can, you can switch over to whatever framework you want later on. So, so right now, let's, uh, do you have VS code? Oh, I don't think this ever got fixed, but let's see if it did
And it's like, how about this? Let's, let's not force that decision today. We'll just do a plain old HTML. And then you can, you can switch over to whatever framework you want later on. So, so right now, let's, uh, do you have VS code? Oh, I don't think this ever got fixed, but let's see if it did No, no, you don't. It likes to do that. If I just go manually, do this really quick, it'll reopen. So just like, this is, um, something, uh, I have to do this manually every single time. Not your why. Yeah. It's a thing. It's cool. Okay. So let's, uh, let's create a new file
No, no, you don't. It likes to do that. If I just go manually, do this really quick, it'll reopen. So just like, this is, um, something, uh, I have to do this manually every single time. Not your why. Yeah. It's a thing. It's cool. Okay. So let's, uh, let's create a new file And let's just call it index.html. Okay. And then if you type an exclamation point, it should let you auto complete with like all the, there you go. Hit, hit enter. All right. So that's an eminent abbreviation for like a blank HTML document. So online seven, let's edit document to teach Gentech
And let's just call it index.html. Okay. And then if you type an exclamation point, it should let you auto complete with like all the, there you go. Hit, hit enter. All right. So that's an eminent abbreviation for like a blank HTML document. So online seven, let's edit document to teach Gentech Okay. And then online 10, let's add an H1 and put teach Gentech in there as well. So, um, I don't know if Yadra is still here, but, um, this, everything you just said, when I first started, I wouldn't have understood anything you just said. Well, you just, you just killed it. You just did great
Okay. And then online 10, let's add an H1 and put teach Gentech in there as well. So, um, I don't know if Yadra is still here, but, um, this, everything you just said, when I first started, I wouldn't have understood anything you just said. Well, you just, you just killed it. You just did great You just did great. So, uh, Yadra, it's been four months, almost five and I've learned a lot. So, excellent. All right. So save that. And then let's go back to your terminal. Could we just do it in here? Is it? What is it? We definitely can. I think it's a control backtick or control tilde
You just did great. So, uh, Yadra, it's been four months, almost five and I've learned a lot. So, excellent. All right. So save that. And then let's go back to your terminal. Could we just do it in here? Is it? What is it? We definitely can. I think it's a control backtick or control tilde Here we go. There it is. Um, oh, that's fun. Yeah. Let's do, uh, just, let's see. We're in that folder. Yes. So let's do, uh, N-T-L space dev. T-L space. What is this? What happened? Is it the font, but the rest of the fonts are good. Yeah. Looks like something, something weird happened
Here we go. There it is. Um, oh, that's fun. Yeah. Let's do, uh, just, let's see. We're in that folder. Yes. So let's do, uh, N-T-L space dev. T-L space. What is this? What happened? Is it the font, but the rest of the fonts are good. Yeah. Looks like something, something weird happened Um, so it's going to try to open a tab. That's going to be your dev site. Okay. Uh, I don't know why I didn't do it on that one, but there we go. All right. So this is your running site
Um, so it's going to try to open a tab. That's going to be your dev site. Okay. Uh, I don't know why I didn't do it on that one, but there we go. All right. So this is your running site So if you, um, if you want to make this one like half the width and then make, uh, VS code the other half the width, then we can kind of work. You know, like, do something, something, you know, that makes it easier for all of us. That would be good call, good call. All right. Okay
So if you, um, if you want to make this one like half the width and then make, uh, VS code the other half the width, then we can kind of work. You know, like, do something, something, you know, that makes it easier for all of us. That would be good call, good call. All right. Okay All right. Okay. So then, uh, if in here you want to add like a, you know, a little paragraph that just says like, Hey, everyone or something like that, just any, any change you want to make. Okay. And then if you save that, you can reload the page on the right. Okay. Okay
All right. Okay. So then, uh, if in here you want to add like a, you know, a little paragraph that just says like, Hey, everyone or something like that, just any, any change you want to make. Okay. And then if you save that, you can reload the page on the right. Okay. Okay Okay. Okay. So this is because we're using, we're using plain HTML. There's no hot reload or anything because there's no framework to actually set that part up. Um, but as you're building now, this is, this is functional. It's working. So this, I think is a great start
Okay. Okay. So this is because we're using, we're using plain HTML. There's no hot reload or anything because there's no framework to actually set that part up. Um, but as you're building now, this is, this is functional. It's working. So this, I think is a great start Let's go ahead and deploy this site. So if you want to go into your terminal and hit the control C to stop the, um, the process. Okay. Then do, uh, get status. I'm going to lie. I'm going back over here because I don't know. Yeah. Something weird is going on. Uh, okay
Let's go ahead and deploy this site. So if you want to go into your terminal and hit the control C to stop the, um, the process. Okay. Then do, uh, get status. I'm going to lie. I'm going back over here because I don't know. Yeah. Something weird is going on. Uh, okay Uh, okay. So then you can just, uh, get add dash capital A to put all those files into, uh, into get there. We just need the two. Get ad with the capital A or get add. Get add. Okay. And then a dash capital A. dash capital A. Yeah
Uh, okay. So then you can just, uh, get add dash capital A to put all those files into, uh, into get there. We just need the two. Get ad with the capital A or get add. Get add. Okay. And then a dash capital A. dash capital A. Yeah Yeah. So that's like, uh, uh, the capital A is a flag that says like add everything. Add all. Okay. Okay. Um, so then if you run get status again, you'll see that they're, they're ready to commit. Okay. So then we can do it. Get commit and, and whatever message you want
Yeah. So that's like, uh, uh, the capital A is a flag that says like add everything. Add all. Okay. Okay. Um, so then if you run get status again, you'll see that they're, they're ready to commit. Okay. So then we can do it. Get commit and, and whatever message you want So dash M and then, you know, and I usually just call it like initial commit or something. But yeah. Perfect. Okay. So then the next thing that we need to do is we need to create a repo on GitHub
So dash M and then, you know, and I usually just call it like initial commit or something. But yeah. Perfect. Okay. So then the next thing that we need to do is we need to create a repo on GitHub Do you have the GitHub CLI or do you work from the UI? Do, uh, do VH dash V, a GH, VH dash, and then a space before the dash V. Okay. I do. You do have it. Okay. So do, uh, GH space repo space create. And this is going to create a new repo on your site
Do you have the GitHub CLI or do you work from the UI? Do, uh, do VH dash V, a GH, VH dash, and then a space before the dash V. Okay. I do. You do have it. Okay. So do, uh, GH space repo space create. And this is going to create a new repo on your site You want to push an existing, oh, yeah, you can create an, uh, actually, you know what? It's, it's easier if you don't. So hit control C and start again. And do the existing. And you want this one so you can just hit enter. Okay. You do want to add a remote. Yeah. That's fine. That's default
You want to push an existing, oh, yeah, you can create an, uh, actually, you know what? It's, it's easier if you don't. So hit control C and start again. And do the existing. And you want this one so you can just hit enter. Okay. You do want to add a remote. Yeah. That's fine. That's default That's default. And you do want to push the commits up. Okay. Okay. So there are two ways that you can create a site on Netlify. Um, so let's, let's go with the, probably the, the most visual one. So go back to your browser and go to your Netlify dashboard. And, uh, let's make this bigger
That's default. And you do want to push the commits up. Okay. Okay. So there are two ways that you can create a site on Netlify. Um, so let's, let's go with the, probably the, the most visual one. So go back to your browser and go to your Netlify dashboard. And, uh, let's make this bigger You can go to sites and import from Git. And use GitHub. And this is just going to check that you are allowed to look at all of those things. Okay. And then configure on GitHub. You might have said it could only have like no repos and you've got to flag them individually. So hit Jen Jenod
You can go to sites and import from Git. And use GitHub. And this is just going to check that you are allowed to look at all of those things. Okay. And then configure on GitHub. You might have said it could only have like no repos and you've got to flag them individually. So hit Jen Jenod So hit Jen Jenod. All repos. Yeah. And so you, you have a choice here. Um, you can either do it like if it's a company, uh, rep, uh, company org on GitHub, you can choose like one repo at a time so that you keep security locked down for me because I pretty much put everything on on GitHub
So hit Jen Jenod. All repos. Yeah. And so you, you have a choice here. Um, you can either do it like if it's a company, uh, rep, uh, company org on GitHub, you can choose like one repo at a time so that you keep security locked down for me because I pretty much put everything on on GitHub It's a shortcut to let it see all repos and like, you know, I'm, I'm not, uh, I'm not putting anything out there that nothing goes on GitHub that I'm worried about other people seeing. I think all of my repos are public. Okay. So now that you got that, um, you can, there it is
It's a shortcut to let it see all repos and like, you know, I'm, I'm not, uh, I'm not putting anything out there that nothing goes on GitHub that I'm worried about other people seeing. I think all of my repos are public. Okay. So now that you got that, um, you can, there it is And all the defaults are good. So you can just go down and hit deploy. And hi, pseudo. And yeah, maybe it is permission things to binary weave. I broke, um, my computer doing that once trying to fix it with bash. So I just haven't messed with it in a while. But yes, okay. We got this going
And all the defaults are good. So you can just go down and hit deploy. And hi, pseudo. And yeah, maybe it is permission things to binary weave. I broke, um, my computer doing that once trying to fix it with bash. So I just haven't messed with it in a while. But yes, okay. We got this going We got this going. All right. So it's deploying your site. If you scroll down a little bit, it's going to, you can click into that deploy or actually even a little bit lower. You'll see the actual deploy happening right there. Whereas it's building
We got this going. All right. So it's deploying your site. If you scroll down a little bit, it's going to, you can click into that deploy or actually even a little bit lower. You'll see the actual deploy happening right there. Whereas it's building Um, so you can click into into that one there that says building. And this will kind of show you what's happening. Actually, it's already done. So you can open your production deploy. I was like, they didn't have a lot to do. So. And there you go. You, you now have a deployed site
Um, so you can click into into that one there that says building. And this will kind of show you what's happening. Actually, it's already done. So you can open your production deploy. I was like, they didn't have a lot to do. So. And there you go. You, you now have a deployed site Um, and so this one, there's a couple of things to note. Netlify will do a like published production deploy. And then it will do a tagged deploy for every git commit. So that what you're able to do is, you can like review work
Um, and so this one, there's a couple of things to note. Netlify will do a like published production deploy. And then it will do a tagged deploy for every git commit. So that what you're able to do is, you can like review work You can go back in time and see how your sites evolved with every commit. Oh, that's cool. And then we also do something where if you open a pull request, we'll build the pull request
You can go back in time and see how your sites evolved with every commit. Oh, that's cool. And then we also do something where if you open a pull request, we'll build the pull request So you can see the live production site and what it would look like if you merge the pull request and review before you, before you make that commitment. And that's very cool. And that allows things like you can add comments on deploy previews and that'll sink back to your GitHub
So you can see the live production site and what it would look like if you merge the pull request and review before you, before you make that commitment. And that's very cool. And that allows things like you can add comments on deploy previews and that'll sink back to your GitHub So that if you want to send somebody for feedback or something, like you said, you work with a designer for your, your images. If they were uploading those to your site, you could actually go and like, take a screenshot of it and draw arrows and say, like, I don't know about this
So that if you want to send somebody for feedback or something, like you said, you work with a designer for your, your images. If they were uploading those to your site, you could actually go and like, take a screenshot of it and draw arrows and say, like, I don't know about this And then that would go back to GitHub or wherever you're tracking work. Um, got it. To do that. So lots of ways to do the collaboration and stuff. Again, this is kind of what I'm talking about with with Netlify trying to like remove work
And then that would go back to GitHub or wherever you're tracking work. Um, got it. To do that. So lots of ways to do the collaboration and stuff. Again, this is kind of what I'm talking about with with Netlify trying to like remove work It's, it's a workflow tool, not necessarily just infrastructure or kind of the raw pieces. Um, random question. And this is just making me think of, like, you know, moving external work away because, you know, having jumped through hoops, try and figure that out. Canva. Very random thing
It's, it's a workflow tool, not necessarily just infrastructure or kind of the raw pieces. Um, random question. And this is just making me think of, like, you know, moving external work away because, you know, having jumped through hoops, try and figure that out. Canva. Very random thing Very random thing. But I use Canva a lot for like my GitHub, for our like, read mes and stuff. I love using Canva to make it look a little easier to read than just the text. Sure
Very random thing. But I use Canva a lot for like my GitHub, for our like, read mes and stuff. I love using Canva to make it look a little easier to read than just the text. Sure Sure. Is there anything that does like where people can use Canva or something like it with Netlify or is that still going to be very external? So what, what you can do is, um, there are tools like Cloudinary or Imagix that will allow you to kind of use a template and then slot text in
Sure. Is there anything that does like where people can use Canva or something like it with Netlify or is that still going to be very external? So what, what you can do is, um, there are tools like Cloudinary or Imagix that will allow you to kind of use a template and then slot text in So if you look at the way that, um, like I'll learn with Jason thumbnail is, is actually generated programmatically using a serverless functioning Cloudinary. Um, and so I upload the details of an episode or actually I don't even upload the details
So if you look at the way that, um, like I'll learn with Jason thumbnail is, is actually generated programmatically using a serverless functioning Cloudinary. Um, and so I upload the details of an episode or actually I don't even upload the details I, I have a calendar that people book to choose a date for learn with Jason. And then that, that invite goes to my team. I have an administrative assistant. Um, and then Aiden will take that and enter it into sanity
I, I have a calendar that people book to choose a date for learn with Jason. And then that, that invite goes to my team. I have an administrative assistant. Um, and then Aiden will take that and enter it into sanity And then the details from sanity get used to update learn with Jason dev to generate image assets to update the overlay on the stream so that it's got the right episode title and guest name. Um, all of that. I need to do that in my life
And then the details from sanity get used to update learn with Jason dev to generate image assets to update the overlay on the stream so that it's got the right episode title and guest name. Um, all of that. I need to do that in my life Like I said, I mean, we talked about this before we went live. This has been a slow accumulation of things. So I, I did it manually for a long time. And then when I realized that I had, I had a process that worked, then I automated the process
Like I said, I mean, we talked about this before we went live. This has been a slow accumulation of things. So I, I did it manually for a long time. And then when I realized that I had, I had a process that worked, then I automated the process And, um, and then the parts that I couldn't automate, I hired help for because, you know, my, my job doesn't let me do. I have no time. So that's why I'm like, there's so many people
And, um, and then the parts that I couldn't automate, I hired help for because, you know, my, my job doesn't let me do. I have no time. So that's why I'm like, there's so many people I've been like, oh, I haven't replied to them or the podcast I have has been put on pause because I'm like, there's only just me. Yeah. So, uh, I get, oh, I'm so, I'm like even more excited about this. Yeah. So many fun things that you can do, right? So, uh, so let's go back into the dashboard
I've been like, oh, I haven't replied to them or the podcast I have has been put on pause because I'm like, there's only just me. Yeah. So, uh, I get, oh, I'm so, I'm like even more excited about this. Yeah. So many fun things that you can do, right? So, uh, so let's go back into the dashboard Yeah. Kitu ki. And go, uh, click on the, the superb send all. And what this is is, so we auto generated this, but it's kind of hard to remember. So if you go to site settings there, um, we can, we can change the name of the site to be something better. So scroll down a little bit
Yeah. Kitu ki. And go, uh, click on the, the superb send all. And what this is is, so we auto generated this, but it's kind of hard to remember. So if you go to site settings there, um, we can, we can change the name of the site to be something better. So scroll down a little bit And actually, if you make your window wider, that will become a sidebar instead of pushing everything down. Oh, sweet. There we go. And so if you want to change the site name, then you can change this to, um, tjt.netlify.app or teach gen tech or something like that
And actually, if you make your window wider, that will become a sidebar instead of pushing everything down. Oh, sweet. There we go. And so if you want to change the site name, then you can change this to, um, tjt.netlify.app or teach gen tech or something like that Somebody already grabbed that one. So, um, these have to be globally unique because they're on the .netlify.app space. Um, and then later, if you do decide to make this your main hub, you'll be able to set a custom domain for this as well. Um, and you can, you can do that through .netlify
Somebody already grabbed that one. So, um, these have to be globally unique because they're on the .netlify.app space. Um, and then later, if you do decide to make this your main hub, you'll be able to set a custom domain for this as well. Um, and you can, you can do that through .netlifynetlify. There's a domain management option there on the left hand side. Um, which is here, which I probably will end up doing soon. So yeah. So now if you go back up and go to your, your main, your main details there, you see how it's changed the site to teachgen tech.netlify.app
netlify. There's a domain management option there on the left hand side. Um, which is here, which I probably will end up doing soon. So yeah. So now if you go back up and go to your, your main, your main details there, you see how it's changed the site to teachgen tech.netlify.appnetlify.app. So if you click on that, now you are, you're hosting live at teachgen tech.netlify.app. So let's make an edit and we'll, we'll see how this all changes. So go back to your VS code. And close out of this because you're not my friend. And let's add, um, anything
netlify.app. So if you click on that, now you are, you're hosting live at teachgen tech.netlify.app. So let's make an edit and we'll, we'll see how this all changes. So go back to your VS code. And close out of this because you're not my friend. And let's add, um, anything If you want to, we can do some styles, we can add more text, we can do, you know, we can add a work in progress, uh, caveat here or whatever you want to do. Um, we'll, we'll be waiting. Let's do that. Okay. Yeah. We can do this. Uh, I should hyperlink this. Oh, did you? Oh, it's helping
If you want to, we can do some styles, we can add more text, we can do, you know, we can add a work in progress, uh, caveat here or whatever you want to do. Um, we'll, we'll be waiting. Let's do that. Okay. Yeah. We can do this. Uh, I should hyperlink this. Oh, did you? Oh, it's helping No, it did something super weird. You just, uh, now I'm just curious what it just did. That is, uh, that's an eminent abbreviation. So if you, if you do like a dot something tab in, uh, in VS code, it treats it like a class. So basically what just happened is you, you did teachgen tech.com
No, it did something super weird. You just, uh, now I'm just curious what it just did. That is, uh, that's an eminent abbreviation. So if you, if you do like a dot something tab in, uh, in VS code, it treats it like a class. So basically what just happened is you, you did teachgen tech.comcom. And it was like, is this a tag? And, and so it thought it was the, it thought it was like an element called teachgen tech with a class of, yes, he, it's trying to, it's trying to do it again
com. And it was like, is this a tag? And, and so it thought it was the, it thought it was like an element called teachgen tech with a class of, yes, he, it's trying to, it's trying to do it again I'm like, I'm like, I'm now, I don't want to think that hard on how to make it, uh, to link it because I don't remember off the top of my head. Yes, but I can, I can help if you want. It's, uh, it's an A tag. Okay
I'm like, I'm like, I'm now, I don't want to think that hard on how to make it, uh, to link it because I don't remember off the top of my head. Yes, but I can, I can help if you want. It's, uh, it's an A tag. Okay Okay. So, so we're right, right before the T, do, um, uh, opening bracket A space H ref is the, inside the A tag, you'll want to do space and then HREF. But like inside, inside that first A tag. Oh, okay. This is race. equals. And in here, you're going to do the HTTP. Yeah. Oh, not arm.com
Okay. So, so we're right, right before the T, do, um, uh, opening bracket A space H ref is the, inside the A tag, you'll want to do space and then HREF. But like inside, inside that first A tag. Oh, okay. This is race. equals. And in here, you're going to do the HTTP. Yeah. Oh, not arm.com Oh, not arm.com. There we go, done. Come on. Do it. Do it. Do it. There we go. And then this will be named. Oh, go back. And that'll need to go inside the, the A tags there. So you'll want to move that closing one. Yeah, just right in there. Perfect. Okay. So save that
Oh, not arm.com. There we go, done. Come on. Do it. Do it. Do it. There we go. And then this will be named. Oh, go back. And that'll need to go inside the, the A tags there. So you'll want to move that closing one. Yeah, just right in there. Perfect. Okay. So save that Okay. So save that. Now we can go back to the terminal. We can commit these changes. And, um, the shortcut I always use is get commit dash AM. Which is like get commit everything. And then, uh, message. So like add a link or something. And yes, Bacari
Okay. So save that. Now we can go back to the terminal. We can commit these changes. And, um, the shortcut I always use is get commit dash AM. Which is like get commit everything. And then, uh, message. So like add a link or something. And yes, Bacari And yes, Bacari. This is, oh, you have to, uh, you have to quote the ad link added link. Yeah. Yeah. Come back. Uh, Bacari, this has been many months in the making. I actually first talked to Jason, uh, before I, um, and then get push. Oh, yeah. Why I just wanted to all do it at the same time
And yes, Bacari. This is, oh, you have to, uh, you have to quote the ad link added link. Yeah. Yeah. Come back. Uh, Bacari, this has been many months in the making. I actually first talked to Jason, uh, before I, um, and then get push. Oh, yeah. Why I just wanted to all do it at the same time You, you can, if you do have James come on, um, and you talk about terminals, have him talk to you about aliases because you can, you can make shortcuts for yourself. Okay. Cause I will say I started using it in here
You, you can, if you do have James come on, um, and you talk about terminals, have him talk to you about aliases because you can, you can make shortcuts for yourself. Okay. Cause I will say I started using it in here Um, instead, just be, like, as a way to like just check myself because it'll error out a little, definitely. But, um, yes. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So then if you go back to your Netlify dashboard, um, when you look at your, uh, deploys
Um, instead, just be, like, as a way to like just check myself because it'll error out a little, definitely. But, um, yes. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So then if you go back to your Netlify dashboard, um, when you look at your, uh, deploys So you can see now the, the site is already building it deployed in four seconds. So it's already live. So if you go back to the teach gen tech that Netlify.app and reload. Yeah. Yep. Right. So this is the, uh, this is the workflow
So you can see now the, the site is already building it deployed in four seconds. So it's already live. So if you go back to the teach gen tech that Netlify.app and reload. Yeah. Yep. Right. So this is the, uh, this is the workflow This is, this is why I get so excited about Netlify and why, you know, why I'm always telling people to try it out is you've got this local dev workflow where you can, you know, you build locally, you try things out, you see that they're working, you commit them to get, have them push and they just go live and, and things just work
This is, this is why I get so excited about Netlify and why, you know, why I'm always telling people to try it out is you've got this local dev workflow where you can, you know, you build locally, you try things out, you see that they're working, you commit them to get, have them push and they just go live and, and things just work Um, so then the, the next piece here that we can do is, uh, really whatever you want. There are a few things that we can start looking at. There's, we can build an API using some serverless functions. Um, we can look at, uh, doing some personalization
Um, so then the, the next piece here that we can do is, uh, really whatever you want. There are a few things that we can start looking at. There's, we can build an API using some serverless functions. Um, we can look at, uh, doing some personalization We can like show what city people are, are visiting your site from. Um, there's a, yeah, a lot of, a lot of options. I feel like, I would say the API and then if we have time, then the city that they're tuning in from. Great. Let's do it
We can like show what city people are, are visiting your site from. Um, there's a, yeah, a lot of, a lot of options. I feel like, I would say the API and then if we have time, then the city that they're tuning in from. Great. Let's do it Great. Let's do it. So let's, uh, let's start by going into VS code and, um, open up your file browser again. And we're going to create a new folder. Call it Netlify. And then inside that folder, create another new folder called functions, uh, not the dotnet. Yeah, sorry. That one. Okay
Great. Let's do it. So let's, uh, let's start by going into VS code and, um, open up your file browser again. And we're going to create a new folder. Call it Netlify. And then inside that folder, create another new folder called functions, uh, not the dotnet. Yeah, sorry. That one. Okay That one. Okay. I just wanted to make sure I was like, wait, did that just suddenly appear? The, the dot Netlify is like caching and stuff that we do to make sure that, um, it's, you know, it's hooked up to the right site on app.netlify.com and stuff like that
That one. Okay. I just wanted to make sure I was like, wait, did that just suddenly appear? The, the dot Netlify is like caching and stuff that we do to make sure that, um, it's, you know, it's hooked up to the right site on app.netlify.com and stuff like that Um, but that's, it gets getting ignored and everything. Uh, but yeah, if you've never seen it before, it can be a little confusing. Yeah, I was like, wait, what? Uh, okay. So what was the folder though? Because I was very distracted by that. Okay
Um, but that's, it gets getting ignored and everything. Uh, but yeah, if you've never seen it before, it can be a little confusing. Yeah, I was like, wait, what? Uh, okay. So what was the folder though? Because I was very distracted by that. Okay Okay. And then inside here, let's, let's start like everybody does with a hello world file. So do hello.ts. Okay
Okay. And then inside here, let's, let's start like everybody does with a hello world file. So do hello.ts. Okayts. Okay. And so the way that a serverless function works is you are going to get a request made to the serverless function and it needs to return an HTTP status code, which is like whenever you load a website, it sends back a status code, usually of 200, which means, okay, everything worked
ts. Okay. And so the way that a serverless function works is you are going to get a request made to the serverless function and it needs to return an HTTP status code, which is like whenever you load a website, it sends back a status code, usually of 200, which means, okay, everything worked Um, you can also send back like if you want to redirect somebody to another page, that's status code 301. If you can't find the page, that's 404. You may have seen the 404 pages. Um, and there's a bunch more, but really what we care about in this case is 200. So, um, we are going to export
Um, you can also send back like if you want to redirect somebody to another page, that's status code 301. If you can't find the page, that's 404. You may have seen the 404 pages. Um, and there's a bunch more, but really what we care about in this case is 200. So, um, we are going to export So you can just write export const handler equals. And then we're going to make this an async function. So the word asus sync. And then a space and then do parentheses, open and close. Right. parentheses is round boys. Okay. I'm like, why am I suddenly forgetting what a parentheses is
So you can just write export const handler equals. And then we're going to make this an async function. So the word asus sync. And then a space and then do parentheses, open and close. Right. parentheses is round boys. Okay. I'm like, why am I suddenly forgetting what a parentheses is And then outside of those like to the right, we're going to do a fat arrow. So equals sign and then a greater than sign and then curly boys. And inside of this, so this is a, this is the body of a serverless function. Like this is kind of the structure that you need for one to work. So hit enter
And then outside of those like to the right, we're going to do a fat arrow. So equals sign and then a greater than sign and then curly boys. And inside of this, so this is a, this is the body of a serverless function. Like this is kind of the structure that you need for one to work. So hit enter So hit enter. And what we have to return for one of these to work is so use the return keyword. And then set up some more curly boys. Uh, you want to put a space after that return, I think. And then inside there's going to be two properties on this object that we're returning
So hit enter. And what we have to return for one of these to work is so use the return keyword. And then set up some more curly boys. Uh, you want to put a space after that return, I think. And then inside there's going to be two properties on this object that we're returning So the first one is going to be status code with a capital C. And do a colon. And then 200. And a comma. And then body is the next property name. Uh, lowercase. With a colon. And then in quotes, uh, you know, hello or hello world or something. I can pipe y'all. I promise. There we go
So the first one is going to be status code with a capital C. And do a colon. And then 200. And a comma. And then body is the next property name. Uh, lowercase. With a colon. And then in quotes, uh, you know, hello or hello world or something. I can pipe y'all. I promise. There we go There we go. Okay, so save that. And next, uh, go back to your terminal. And run netlify dev. Uh, until dev again. Okay. I always forget it. Does not let me just slid and delete everything. And that. Live by dev
There we go. Okay, so save that. And next, uh, go back to your terminal. And run netlify dev. Uh, until dev again. Okay. I always forget it. Does not let me just slid and delete everything. And that. Live by dev Live by dev. Uh, and so now what it's doing is because we created a netlify folder, it knows that there is serverless function. So if you go back into your terminal and scroll up a little bit, um, we can see that you see where it says now it loaded function hello
Live by dev. Uh, and so now what it's doing is because we created a netlify folder, it knows that there is serverless function. So if you go back into your terminal and scroll up a little bit, um, we can see that you see where it says now it loaded function hello And the function server is listening and setting up a local development server. So that URL next to hello. That's where you'll test this function. So you can copy, paste that out and put that in your browser. Yay. Okay. So you've now built an API technically
And the function server is listening and setting up a local development server. So that URL next to hello. That's where you'll test this function. So you can copy, paste that out and put that in your browser. Yay. Okay. So you've now built an API technically So you, you, somebody is sending a request and you're returning a response, right? So typically what'll happen is an API is going to return JSON. So that way you can send back multiple pieces of data
So you, you, somebody is sending a request and you're returning a response, right? So typically what'll happen is an API is going to return JSON. So that way you can send back multiple pieces of data So like, you know, a message and an ID and stuff like that, right? So let's go ahead and upgrade this to to send back JSON. So go back into VS code. And what we're going to do is, um, for this body, uh, let's make a variable like above line two. And let's call it response
So like, you know, a message and an ID and stuff like that, right? So let's go ahead and upgrade this to to send back JSON. So go back into VS code. And what we're going to do is, um, for this body, uh, let's make a variable like above line two. And let's call it response So do let's, yeah, very works or you can do const is kind of the standard that I've seen most people do. And let's give it a, so a space, not a colon. And let's give it a name of response. And equals. And then let's do some curly boys. And now let's make the property message. So you can hit yeah
So do let's, yeah, very works or you can do const is kind of the standard that I've seen most people do. And let's give it a, so a space, not a colon. And let's give it a name of response. And equals. And then let's do some curly boys. And now let's make the property message. So you can hit yeah And a colon. And then in quotes, we can send, we can just move the hello beautiful human into there. I feel like this should be my goal of the stream for now on is how can I get other people to say hello beautiful human? Like if I can get them to say it, I have succeeded
And a colon. And then in quotes, we can send, we can just move the hello beautiful human into there. I feel like this should be my goal of the stream for now on is how can I get other people to say hello beautiful human? Like if I can get them to say it, I have succeeded I feel like that should definitely be what the new goal is. But so I need, I can delete the body then, right? Uh, you're going to still need the body, but we're going to change the way that it works. So get rid of the quotes
I feel like that should definitely be what the new goal is. But so I need, I can delete the body then, right? Uh, you're going to still need the body, but we're going to change the way that it works. So get rid of the quotes And so now what we want to do is we want to send back JSON, but you can't just send a job a script object. You have to send a string. So we're going to use, uh, JSON all caps. Dot stringify. And it's going to auto complete. Yep. And then put the mess of the response inside parentheses. Prentices
And so now what we want to do is we want to send back JSON, but you can't just send a job a script object. You have to send a string. So we're going to use, uh, JSON all caps. Dot stringify. And it's going to auto complete. Yep. And then put the mess of the response inside parentheses. Prentices Prentices. I think yeah. And just put response in there. So we're using that variable that we said. And then I don't know if you can put a space chat. Do you know if, uh, if a space between a function call works? I don't know. I, I never do like after stringify, I wouldn't put a space there
Prentices. I think yeah. And just put response in there. So we're using that variable that we said. And then I don't know if you can put a space chat. Do you know if, uh, if a space between a function call works? I don't know. I, I never do like after stringify, I wouldn't put a space there But I don't know if it actually works or not. That might, I don't know if that's like a style thing or like an actual functionality thing. I guess I know. Yeah, save that. And then go back to your browser and reload. Okay. And there you go. You're sending back JSON now. Yay
But I don't know if it actually works or not. That might, I don't know if that's like a style thing or like an actual functionality thing. I guess I know. Yeah, save that. And then go back to your browser and reload. Okay. And there you go. You're sending back JSON now. Yay Yay. So as you, as you get into more and more APIs, um, you'll have more details that you want to send like you'll want the episode date and who the guest is and what time it started and all those sorts of things. Um, and now they can all go into these responses
Yay. So as you, as you get into more and more APIs, um, you'll have more details that you want to send like you'll want the episode date and who the guest is and what time it started and all those sorts of things. Um, and now they can all go into these responses And you would just kind of add like an ID date, you know, title, image, whatever. I was doing this a bit when I was using Prisma to try to build. Uh, I was calling it a Tweety tag app. Yeah, yeah. It was using Ivan's, uh, my sequel and then using Prisma to set it all up
And you would just kind of add like an ID date, you know, title, image, whatever. I was doing this a bit when I was using Prisma to try to build. Uh, I was calling it a Tweety tag app. Yeah, yeah. It was using Ivan's, uh, my sequel and then using Prisma to set it all up I'm still working on it, but I kind of put it on pause because I was like, I don't think everybody wants to get tagged anymore. So maybe I'll just pause that. Um, but this actually gives me an idea to further work on the actual structure
I'm still working on it, but I kind of put it on pause because I was like, I don't think everybody wants to get tagged anymore. So maybe I'll just pause that. Um, but this actually gives me an idea to further work on the actual structure So I could put, well, I'm, I'm cleaning this out a lot at the same time. So I'm like, of course, it would be able to have a database because netlify wouldn't be as cool if you couldn't have a database. So yeah. So you could, you can actually use Prisma in a serverless function. Um, okay
So I could put, well, I'm, I'm cleaning this out a lot at the same time. So I'm like, of course, it would be able to have a database because netlify wouldn't be as cool if you couldn't have a database. So yeah. So you could, you can actually use Prisma in a serverless function. Um, okay Um, okay. So there's, yeah, there's, there's lots of ways that you can pull this stuff all together. And, and this is one of the things that I love is we're giving you the raw tools and then you can bring in whatever platforms, whatever additional tools you want
Um, okay. So there's, yeah, there's, there's lots of ways that you can pull this stuff all together. And, and this is one of the things that I love is we're giving you the raw tools and then you can bring in whatever platforms, whatever additional tools you want You can work with whatever framework, whatever database system. Um, the only limitation is that like serverless means that you don't get long running stuff. So if you want to do real time or like GraphQL subscriptions or something, that won't work in a serverless function
You can work with whatever framework, whatever database system. Um, the only limitation is that like serverless means that you don't get long running stuff. So if you want to do real time or like GraphQL subscriptions or something, that won't work in a serverless function But just about everything else does. Um, so, uh, and honestly, by the time you get to GraphQL in real time and all those sorts of things, like, that's, yeah, that's not. I'm like, I'm gonna pretend like I know what you're talking about. I'm like, please stare at you
But just about everything else does. Um, so, uh, and honestly, by the time you get to GraphQL in real time and all those sorts of things, like, that's, yeah, that's not. I'm like, I'm gonna pretend like I know what you're talking about. I'm like, please stare at you Um, but I am excited because like with the space that everybody's replying with, uh, everybody's really like, we're all blown away by this space working. Can you leave it to me, y'all? Come teach me something and I'm really excited Nick's gonna be on the show next week of life. Oh nice
Um, but I am excited because like with the space that everybody's replying with, uh, everybody's really like, we're all blown away by this space working. Can you leave it to me, y'all? Come teach me something and I'm really excited Nick's gonna be on the show next week of life. Oh nice Oh nice. I'm, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a clicky person. Like literally, I think, um, there's a, uh, somewhere somebody made a command that, uh, how many times I click something when I'm not supposed to click something. It's what I like to do. I get excited. I'm like, enter click
Oh nice. I'm, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a clicky person. Like literally, I think, um, there's a, uh, somewhere somebody made a command that, uh, how many times I click something when I'm not supposed to click something. It's what I like to do. I get excited. I'm like, enter click Oh, shouldn't have done that. But it's a way to break things and learn. So for sure. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So the next thing that I want to do though is if we go back to this URL, um, like in the browser, like, this is great. But I want it to look more official
Oh, shouldn't have done that. But it's a way to break things and learn. So for sure. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So the next thing that I want to do though is if we go back to this URL, um, like in the browser, like, this is great. But I want it to look more official I want it to look like it's the actual API. So I want the URL to be slash API slash hello, right? Okay. And so to do that, I would need to, I don't know, like there's, there's a whole bunch of things you'd have to do. Except we've kind of shortcut this in Netlify
I want it to look like it's the actual API. So I want the URL to be slash API slash hello, right? Okay. And so to do that, I would need to, I don't know, like there's, there's a whole bunch of things you'd have to do. Except we've kind of shortcut this in Netlify So if you go back into your, your VS code and next to index.html, create a new file. I'm not suddenly being very blind. Okay. There we go. There we go. Yeah, and call it underscore redirects. I was tired. This is my whole life. I do this all the time
So if you go back into your, your VS code and next to index.html, create a new file. I'm not suddenly being very blind. Okay. There we go. There we go. Yeah, and call it underscore redirects. I was tired. This is my whole life. I do this all the time Um, um, so what we want to do is we want people to be able to hit API, but have it actually use the functions that are located in .netlify slash functions. So type slash API slash star. Uh, like the, the actual like asterisk star character. Okay
Um, um, so what we want to do is we want people to be able to hit API, but have it actually use the functions that are located in .netlify slash functions. So type slash API slash star. Uh, like the, the actual like asterisk star character. Okay Okay. And then, um, add like a couple spaces so that there's some differentiation between the thing. And then do slash. Dot netlify slash functions. Slash. And then you're going to do a colon. And splat. Is that actually a word or actually a word? Okay
Okay. And then, um, add like a couple spaces so that there's some differentiation between the thing. And then do slash. Dot netlify slash functions. Slash. And then you're going to do a colon. And splat. Is that actually a word or actually a word? Okay So I, I, this confused me and I think the reason is if you look at the asterisk, it kind of looks like a splat. Like if you would like squish the bug or something. And so I think somebody was like, yeah, it's slash splat. And then we just decided to say the whole word
So I, I, this confused me and I think the reason is if you look at the asterisk, it kind of looks like a splat. Like if you would like squish the bug or something. And so I think somebody was like, yeah, it's slash splat. And then we just decided to say the whole word Um, so then add another couple of spaces there. I take it. And we're going to do 200. Okay. So what this does is it's saying if someone visits the URL slash API with anything following it, take that URL and instead serve slash. Netlify slash functions and whatever was in place of the star
Um, so then add another couple of spaces there. I take it. And we're going to do 200. Okay. So what this does is it's saying if someone visits the URL slash API with anything following it, take that URL and instead serve slash. Netlify slash functions and whatever was in place of the star So we're rewriting this whole URL. And then we're saying serve that as a 200. So that the URL doesn't change because by default, if you leave that blank, it would redirect you to the new URL. So like if you had an old site and a new site, you would say like slash old URL to slash new URL
So we're rewriting this whole URL. And then we're saying serve that as a 200. So that the URL doesn't change because by default, if you leave that blank, it would redirect you to the new URL. So like if you had an old site and a new site, you would say like slash old URL to slash new URL And it would just change it in the browser. And usually that's good. But in this particular case, I want slash API to be the URL people use. So I don't want that to change in the browser
And it would just change it in the browser. And usually that's good. But in this particular case, I want slash API to be the URL people use. So I don't want that to change in the browser So by sending it to 100, we say use the slash API, but serve this other thing underneath it as as what people actually see. This is really really weird because like part of working at GoDaddy was working with the DNS. But it wasn't on like this further technical side
So by sending it to 100, we say use the slash API, but serve this other thing underneath it as as what people actually see. This is really really weird because like part of working at GoDaddy was working with the DNS. But it wasn't on like this further technical side It was on just like, oh, you want to add it to a forward and then automatically we go in or sometimes it was a redirect within the index.html file. And so this is just kind of like really surreal. Like weird, like I don't know how else to say it. Like it's like such a weird feeling
It was on just like, oh, you want to add it to a forward and then automatically we go in or sometimes it was a redirect within the index.html file. And so this is just kind of like really surreal. Like weird, like I don't know how else to say it. Like it's like such a weird feeling But I'm like, oh. And the reason that we do this, right, is because this is one of those really common things that really is not fun to set up on your own. And so by making it something as simple as it can be, we're trying to reduce the amount of again, undifferentiated labor
But I'm like, oh. And the reason that we do this, right, is because this is one of those really common things that really is not fun to set up on your own. And so by making it something as simple as it can be, we're trying to reduce the amount of again, undifferentiated labor Your goal is to work on value, not on configuration. So if you save this and then go back to your terminal because we just created this. So I can't remember if we have to stop and restart or not. Scroll down, reloading, redirect rules from re- okay, good. So it picked it up automatically
Your goal is to work on value, not on configuration. So if you save this and then go back to your terminal because we just created this. So I can't remember if we have to stop and restart or not. Scroll down, reloading, redirect rules from re- okay, good. So it picked it up automatically So go back into your browser and replace that.netlify functions with, let's change it to API. Slash hello. Oh yeah, okay, because it has to read the file. Got it. And there you go. You've now set up an API with a clean URL. And this, like this is the stuff that I love about this
So go back into your browser and replace that.netlify functions with, let's change it to API. Slash hello. Oh yeah, okay, because it has to read the file. Got it. And there you go. You've now set up an API with a clean URL. And this, like this is the stuff that I love about this Like it just, it starts to feel magic. And the other thing you do. Real quick, we do have a question in here. Can you reverse the single linked list on in ON? I'm hoping that makes sense to you. I don't really know what the, I kind of feel like this might be trolling. Oh, okay. I'm not sure
Like it just, it starts to feel magic. And the other thing you do. Real quick, we do have a question in here. Can you reverse the single linked list on in ON? I'm hoping that makes sense to you. I don't really know what the, I kind of feel like this might be trolling. Oh, okay. I'm not sure I'm not sure. I ain't got about it though because I'm like, I never know if it's like a very technical question or if it's trolling. Well, so that's talking about complexity, right? So when you're talking about the complexity of a program, there's like, oh, big oh notation is what this is called
I'm not sure. I ain't got about it though because I'm like, I never know if it's like a very technical question or if it's trolling. Well, so that's talking about complexity, right? So when you're talking about the complexity of a program, there's like, oh, big oh notation is what this is called And so the, like, oh of one is ideal because that means that it runs once. And then oh of n means that it runs like one time for every item in the list. And then it can get worse. Like it can be oh and squared or oh and you know, whatever. Okay
And so the, like, oh of one is ideal because that means that it runs once. And then oh of n means that it runs like one time for every item in the list. And then it can get worse. Like it can be oh and squared or oh and you know, whatever. Okay Okay. And so you, so the, the, you want lower complexity and you know, when you'll hear people talk about this stuff. However, I'm going to say, I've actually never been able to pass an algorithms interview because I don't have a computer science degree. I'm self-taught
Okay. And so you, so the, the, you want lower complexity and you know, when you'll hear people talk about this stuff. However, I'm going to say, I've actually never been able to pass an algorithms interview because I don't have a computer science degree. I'm self-taught I'm self-taught. So I didn't learn like the, the really deep algorithm stuff. I've never had a reverse a binary tree or do like any of this kind of stuff. And I don't, I mean, would it make me a better program? I'm sure it would
I'm self-taught. So I didn't learn like the, the really deep algorithm stuff. I've never had a reverse a binary tree or do like any of this kind of stuff. And I don't, I mean, would it make me a better program? I'm sure it would I think learning anything makes you better at things, but it hasn't prevented me from having my career. So I, I try not to, I try not to stress too much about it. Got it. It wasn't trolling. It was a joke, but I feel like it went with her head
I think learning anything makes you better at things, but it hasn't prevented me from having my career. So I, I try not to, I try not to stress too much about it. Got it. It wasn't trolling. It was a joke, but I feel like it went with her head So I forget, I forget which, I forget which chat I'm on. My chat only trolls me lovingly. And so when I, when I say trolling, I mean more like teasing lovingly. I was like, people I think just realized that I don't always get the stuff. So they try to like say something funny
So I forget, I forget which, I forget which chat I'm on. My chat only trolls me lovingly. And so when I, when I say trolling, I mean more like teasing lovingly. I was like, people I think just realized that I don't always get the stuff. So they try to like say something funny And I'm like, I don't know yet, yet, I will get there. I will get there. All right. So we got it to that way. It actually says it with the proper URL. And so we got the URL. Yeah. And the other cool thing here is we actually have two distinct systems running on the same URL
And I'm like, I don't know yet, yet, I will get there. I will get there. All right. So we got it to that way. It actually says it with the proper URL. And so we got the URL. Yeah. And the other cool thing here is we actually have two distinct systems running on the same URL So if you notice you're at localhost, uh, 8888. And so our API, which is a serverless function, is running here. But if you remove the slash API slash hello and go to that site, this is your index.html. So this is another thing that you don't have to think about
So if you notice you're at localhost, uh, 8888. And so our API, which is a serverless function, is running here. But if you remove the slash API slash hello and go to that site, this is your index.html. So this is another thing that you don't have to think about Because these are two independent systems. Like serverless functions are deployed and hosted and managed in one place. The static website, the HTML file is, is deployed and hosted and managed in a second place
Because these are two independent systems. Like serverless functions are deployed and hosted and managed in one place. The static website, the HTML file is, is deployed and hosted and managed in a second place But Netlify automatically puts together so that it works on the same URL, so that they're all kind of talking to each other. You don't ever have to think about that. And, and this is one of those things that like, if you try to set this up on Amazon, you can
But Netlify automatically puts together so that it works on the same URL, so that they're all kind of talking to each other. You don't ever have to think about that. And, and this is one of those things that like, if you try to set this up on Amazon, you can But you're, you're setting up like cloud front and route 53 and API gateway and S3. And suddenly you're like really looking at a lot of moving pieces that all end up with the same result, which is that you want your functions and your site and your CDN and all these pieces to run on the same URL
But you're, you're setting up like cloud front and route 53 and API gateway and S3. And suddenly you're like really looking at a lot of moving pieces that all end up with the same result, which is that you want your functions and your site and your CDN and all these pieces to run on the same URL Um, so again, it's just we're trying to keep it simple and, and as, as uncomplicated as we can. So let's see, we've got how much time left we got like another 30 minutes? Is that right? Yeah, basically. Okay. Let's see if we can personalize this a little bit
Um, so again, it's just we're trying to keep it simple and, and as, as uncomplicated as we can. So let's see, we've got how much time left we got like another 30 minutes? Is that right? Yeah, basically. Okay. Let's see if we can personalize this a little bit So the next thing that we want to do is I want to set up an edge function. And if you look at, um, so like edge functions themselves, if you, um, drop a link in the chat here. And what these will do is, um, edge functions are set up as, all right
So the next thing that we want to do is I want to set up an edge function. And if you look at, um, so like edge functions themselves, if you, um, drop a link in the chat here. And what these will do is, um, edge functions are set up as, all right I ate it and everything bagel earlier and I have like a seed in the back of my throat that won't go away. And it's really, it's driving me up a wall. Uh, I'm sorry. I'm giggling because this weekend at Costco, I, or I guess it was last weekend. It's already Friday. Okay. Sorry
I ate it and everything bagel earlier and I have like a seed in the back of my throat that won't go away. And it's really, it's driving me up a wall. Uh, I'm sorry. I'm giggling because this weekend at Costco, I, or I guess it was last weekend. It's already Friday. Okay. Sorry Okay. Sorry. That aside, that aside, I bought like a joint. You have everything bagel season. And I'm so excited. Everything bagel everything. Yes. I hope it gets better soon. Maybe you'll talk it out. Yeah. Yeah. We'll just, I'm going to power through it. Um, okay
Okay. Sorry. That aside, that aside, I bought like a joint. You have everything bagel season. And I'm so excited. Everything bagel everything. Yes. I hope it gets better soon. Maybe you'll talk it out. Yeah. Yeah. We'll just, I'm going to power through it. Um, okay Um, okay. So for some context, let's talk about how the internet works. And I swear I'm not trolling you. Sorry. So I love learning about it. So I did get when, when someone makes a request for a website, you're, you're in a browser, you type a URL into the browser and you hit enter
Um, okay. So for some context, let's talk about how the internet works. And I swear I'm not trolling you. Sorry. So I love learning about it. So I did get when, when someone makes a request for a website, you're, you're in a browser, you type a URL into the browser and you hit enter So the browser is going to send off a request with a bunch of headers that say like, I'm looking for this URL. This is the type of browser I am. I accept these types of responses, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera
So the browser is going to send off a request with a bunch of headers that say like, I'm looking for this URL. This is the type of browser I am. I accept these types of responses, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera And that request then gets to the origin server or the CDN node or wherever the content is going to come from. And that, that node says, okay, you've asked for this thing. I do have that thing. So here it is
And that request then gets to the origin server or the CDN node or wherever the content is going to come from. And that, that node says, okay, you've asked for this thing. I do have that thing. So here it is So here it is. And it sends back just like our serverless function and HTTP status code of like, yes, I have it 200. It's fine. And here's the actual content along with more headers like it's a HTML file or this is JSON or whatever it is. And you know, the size of it and some other details
So here it is. And it sends back just like our serverless function and HTTP status code of like, yes, I have it 200. It's fine. And here's the actual content along with more headers like it's a HTML file or this is JSON or whatever it is. And you know, the size of it and some other details And then the browser gets that back. It reads what it, it's got it's like, oh, they sent me HTML. I can understand HTML. So I'm going to take the body of this and format it on the screen the way that it's supposed to be
And then the browser gets that back. It reads what it, it's got it's like, oh, they sent me HTML. I can understand HTML. So I'm going to take the body of this and format it on the screen the way that it's supposed to be What an edge function does is it lets us jump in between the request to the edge node and the response to the browser. And it lets us modify things. So we can do things like looking to see if the browser has a cookie set that has permission to see the thing they're asking for
What an edge function does is it lets us jump in between the request to the edge node and the response to the browser. And it lets us modify things. So we can do things like looking to see if the browser has a cookie set that has permission to see the thing they're asking for And then we can redirect them somewhere else if they don't have permission. Or it lets us see if the browser is modern and can support an advanced image format like web P or Aviv. And then we can replace on the fly if they requested a JPEG
And then we can redirect them somewhere else if they don't have permission. Or it lets us see if the browser is modern and can support an advanced image format like web P or Aviv. And then we can replace on the fly if they requested a JPEG We can say, hey, actually, you can take a web P, which will be less, less size, less transfer and send that back instead automatically. And that, you know, you're saving your own bandwidth costs and you're saving the user download time
We can say, hey, actually, you can take a web P, which will be less, less size, less transfer and send that back instead automatically. And that, you know, you're saving your own bandwidth costs and you're saving the user download time And then you can do things on the other end where you get the response that's going to go back and you can transform it. You can say update with the local time. You can update to say, if it's winter, I want this store to show the winter products like codes
And then you can do things on the other end where you get the response that's going to go back and you can transform it. You can say update with the local time. You can update to say, if it's winter, I want this store to show the winter products like codes And if it's summer, I want to show the flip flops and swim trunks. And that, so it's a way that you'll hear this described as middleware. It kind of happens in the middle of the request
And if it's summer, I want to show the flip flops and swim trunks. And that, so it's a way that you'll hear this described as middleware. It kind of happens in the middle of the request So what's really cool about this is it means that we can do things like somebody can request a static HTML site and we can say, you know, hey, how's the weather in whatever city they're in? Right? So let's let's add that functionality. So the first thing that we want to do, oh go ahead. Question
So what's really cool about this is it means that we can do things like somebody can request a static HTML site and we can say, you know, hey, how's the weather in whatever city they're in? Right? So let's let's add that functionality. So the first thing that we want to do, oh go ahead. Question Question. Because of thinking about how you also have this set up for your site for streaming. Instead of using weather per se, could you do it at hey, this is what the site like have it change the site based on date and be a rolling date. Sure. Yeah. Yeah, you can do all sorts of things
Question. Because of thinking about how you also have this set up for your site for streaming. Instead of using weather per se, could you do it at hey, this is what the site like have it change the site based on date and be a rolling date. Sure. Yeah. Yeah, you can do all sorts of things Like for example, you could have your site check, whether or not it's your streaming window and either show a link to your schedule or show a link to go watch because you're already live. So it's so cool. But it can do that. But then it can also do it
Like for example, you could have your site check, whether or not it's your streaming window and either show a link to your schedule or show a link to go watch because you're already live. So it's so cool. But it can do that. But then it can also do it Like, let's say that I set the stream up then or like my schedule up because I've been horrible about that. That's why nobody knew you were coming on the stream until yesterday. Because y'all that's what I do in my life. I hope people find out in time
Like, let's say that I set the stream up then or like my schedule up because I've been horrible about that. That's why nobody knew you were coming on the stream until yesterday. Because y'all that's what I do in my life. I hope people find out in time But if I made it like, let's say I did schedule out this entire week, they would see it would work where I could say, hey, yes, we're going live on Friday. And then when Friday hits, they'd go, could it have it auto switch to the YouTube video too from you? You definitely could
But if I made it like, let's say I did schedule out this entire week, they would see it would work where I could say, hey, yes, we're going live on Friday. And then when Friday hits, they'd go, could it have it auto switch to the YouTube video too from you? You definitely could I think in the use case that you're talking about, I would almost do something like we have another thing that you can do on that LeFy where you can schedule jobs where you could basically say rebuild my site every day
I think in the use case that you're talking about, I would almost do something like we have another thing that you can do on that LeFy where you can schedule jobs where you could basically say rebuild my site every day And then in the build process, figure out what the next episode is, put that in the next episode slot. Most recent episode put that in the most recent episode slot. And then you're not doing it with edge functions because you definitely could
And then in the build process, figure out what the next episode is, put that in the next episode slot. Most recent episode put that in the most recent episode slot. And then you're not doing it with edge functions because you definitely could But at that point, it's so much that it feels like it would make more sense as part of the site itself. What I really like is I think of edge functions as the sprinkling of personalization
But at that point, it's so much that it feels like it would make more sense as part of the site itself. What I really like is I think of edge functions as the sprinkling of personalization But if it's the same thing for every person, then I'd probably want to reach more toward either a serverless function or there's straight up part of the build
But if it's the same thing for every person, then I'd probably want to reach more toward either a serverless function or there's straight up part of the build And in the case of a site like yours or mine where it updates usually once a day, I would probably run a build at like midnight or something to just update for the next day. That is so cool. Okay, thank you. Thank you for connecting all those dots. Back to, you know, let's get the weather going
And in the case of a site like yours or mine where it updates usually once a day, I would probably run a build at like midnight or something to just update for the next day. That is so cool. Okay, thank you. Thank you for connecting all those dots. Back to, you know, let's get the weather going Absolutely. Okay, so let's start by making a space for this to live on the page. So we're going to go into VS code and go into your index.html. And we can. Let's see, let's do a paragraph tag underneath line 12. And let's say, let's just put the text weather here
Absolutely. Okay, so let's start by making a space for this to live on the page. So we're going to go into VS code and go into your index.html. And we can. Let's see, let's do a paragraph tag underneath line 12. And let's say, let's just put the text weather here Are you know what, I don't want to, I think we're going to run out of time to go get an actual weather API. So let's instead say location here. We'll just show the location. I think it. And so what we're going to do then is we're going to save that. And inside that Netlify folder
Are you know what, I don't want to, I think we're going to run out of time to go get an actual weather API. So let's instead say location here. We'll just show the location. I think it. And so what we're going to do then is we're going to save that. And inside that Netlify folder So not the functions folder, but the Netlify one create a new folder. And call it edge dash functions. Okay, and inside, let's add a new file and we'll call it location.ts. And the name doesn't matter. It's, it's whatever you want it to be
So not the functions folder, but the Netlify one create a new folder. And call it edge dash functions. Okay, and inside, let's add a new file and we'll call it location.ts. And the name doesn't matter. It's, it's whatever you want it to be So these ones are similar, but a little bit different from a serverless function. So the format for these is going to be to export default. So the word export space default. Wow, a default. There we go. Async. And then a space. Do some curly boys or sorry, round boys
So these ones are similar, but a little bit different from a serverless function. So the format for these is going to be to export default. So the word export space default. Wow, a default. There we go. Async. And then a space. Do some curly boys or sorry, round boys A fat arrow on the outside, right? Mm-hmm. And then some curly boys. And let's just start by doing a console log. Dot. No, no. I'm like, why am I suddenly blanking this? Console.log. And then inside parentheses, do in quotes, do like edge function running. Okay, so save that
A fat arrow on the outside, right? Mm-hmm. And then some curly boys. And let's just start by doing a console log. Dot. No, no. I'm like, why am I suddenly blanking this? Console.log. And then inside parentheses, do in quotes, do like edge function running. Okay, so save that Okay, so save that. And then in the root folder next to index.html, create a file called netlify.tomel. Tomel. Dot.tomel. All right. Yeah. And inside of this, we need to tell, we need to tell Netlify which pages should run this edge function
Okay, so save that. And then in the root folder next to index.html, create a file called netlify.tomel. Tomel. Dot.tomel. All right. Yeah. And inside of this, we need to tell, we need to tell Netlify which pages should run this edge function Because we could we can run it on the whole site, which is probably actually, we'll just do it on this one URL. But if you wanted to, you could say like on every blog post, I want to run this edge function, or on my entire shop, but not on the homepage or something like that
Because we could we can run it on the whole site, which is probably actually, we'll just do it on this one URL. But if you wanted to, you could say like on every blog post, I want to run this edge function, or on my entire shop, but not on the homepage or something like that So what we're going to do is two square brackets. Okay. And then edge underscore function. Z. You got to missing n after the U there. Thanks. Okay. And then on the next line down, you can indent, that's kind of a standard with this, and then do function equals
So what we're going to do is two square brackets. Okay. And then edge underscore function. Z. You got to missing n after the U there. Thanks. Okay. And then on the next line down, you can indent, that's kind of a standard with this, and then do function equals And in quotes, we'll put in the name of our function location. And then on the line below that path equals. And in quotes, we'll do a forward slash. So just the main page. Okay. So save that. And I think let's go back to the terminal. I think we have to stop and restart for this one to pick up
And in quotes, we'll put in the name of our function location. And then on the line below that path equals. And in quotes, we'll do a forward slash. So just the main page. Okay. So save that. And I think let's go back to the terminal. I think we have to stop and restart for this one to pick up Yes. So command C and then Netlify Dev again. And now if you scroll back up in the terminal output, you'll see that it also picked up the edge function. So keep keep on scrolling up. And let's see, where does it show it? Go go down a little bit. It shows it somewhere in this output
Yes. So command C and then Netlify Dev again. And now if you scroll back up in the terminal output, you'll see that it also picked up the edge function. So keep keep on scrolling up. And let's see, where does it show it? Go go down a little bit. It shows it somewhere in this output And I'm not sure. Keep on going down. A little bit more command for local development. Oh, there it is. Loaded edge. It was right at the bottom. Loaded edge function location. And then you can also see, look, it logged our thing. So the edge function is running
And I'm not sure. Keep on going down. A little bit more command for local development. Oh, there it is. Loaded edge. It was right at the bottom. Loaded edge function location. And then you can also see, look, it logged our thing. So the edge function is running And at the moment, it's not doing anything. Because we haven't actually told it to do anything. But what we want to do is we want to update some of that content. So I want to let's start by just logging this stuff
And at the moment, it's not doing anything. Because we haven't actually told it to do anything. But what we want to do is we want to update some of that content. So I want to let's start by just logging this stuff So the first thing we're going to do is go back into the Netlify edge function that we have in VS code. And we're going, yes, this is the one. And so we want a, let's get some auto correct here. So above line one, let's do an import. And it's going to be import. And then in some curly boys
So the first thing we're going to do is go back into the Netlify edge function that we have in VS code. And we're going, yes, this is the one. And so we want a, let's get some auto correct here. So above line one, let's do an import. And it's going to be import. And then in some curly boys Space before the curly boys. Capital C context. And after the curly boy do from. What it be on the same. Yeah, same line, but yeah, lowercase from. And then in quotes. Do HTTPS. Call and slash slash. And it's edge.netlify.com
Space before the curly boys. Capital C context. And after the curly boy do from. What it be on the same. Yeah, same line, but yeah, lowercase from. And then in quotes. Do HTTPS. Call and slash slash. And it's edge.netlify.comnetlify.com. And the reason that we're importing from a URL is because edge functions run in Dino. And so this is very similar to node in the terms of the way that we'll write it
netlify.com. And the reason that we're importing from a URL is because edge functions run in Dino. And so this is very similar to node in the terms of the way that we'll write it But it's the Dino runtime, which has some different rules, including packages live at URLs, instead of in like imported packages. So now that we have that, we can use it. So inside the parentheses online for. We're going to get two pieces of data. The first one is request
But it's the Dino runtime, which has some different rules, including packages live at URLs, instead of in like imported packages. So now that we have that, we can use it. So inside the parentheses online for. We're going to get two pieces of data. The first one is request And because we're in TypeScript, it's going to want us to type these. So do a colon. And then capital R request. And this is built into the browser or built into the runtime. So you don't have to like import that from anywhere. And then comma context, lower C context, colon. Yes
And because we're in TypeScript, it's going to want us to type these. So do a colon. And then capital R request. And this is built into the browser or built into the runtime. So you don't have to like import that from anywhere. And then comma context, lower C context, colon. Yes Yes. Josh is coming on our show and teaching me TypeScript. Nice. So when that was a search. So he comes on every other week and teaches me some TypeScript. So I'm excited. Excellent. All right. And we got a rogue C in context there instead of an X. Okay
Yes. Josh is coming on our show and teaching me TypeScript. Nice. So when that was a search. So he comes on every other week and teaches me some TypeScript. So I'm excited. Excellent. All right. And we got a rogue C in context there instead of an X. Okay Okay. So then the next piece is let's replace online five instead of edge function running. Let's log context and no no quotes on this either. Dot geo. And GEO. GEO. Okay. And thank you, Nick, for posting those. I appreciate it. All right. So save that. And then reload
Okay. So then the next piece is let's replace online five instead of edge function running. Let's log context and no no quotes on this either. Dot geo. And GEO. GEO. Okay. And thank you, Nick, for posting those. I appreciate it. All right. So save that. And then reload And then reload. And let's take a look in the terminal. So you got a reload in the browser too. Oh, sorry. Yeah. You actually, it'll automatically reload those. But so start your start your server again, Netlify Dev. Okay. Now if you look in the console there. It did it. It did it
And then reload. And let's take a look in the terminal. So you got a reload in the browser too. Oh, sorry. Yeah. You actually, it'll automatically reload those. But so start your start your server again, Netlify Dev. Okay. Now if you look in the console there. It did it. It did it It did it. So it's showing your city, country code, your latitude, longitude. This is pretty exciting stuff. And so what we'll be able to do now is we want to take that geo data and actually put it into the into the text. So let's make that happen. And I want to do that through
It did it. So it's showing your city, country code, your latitude, longitude. This is pretty exciting stuff. And so what we'll be able to do now is we want to take that geo data and actually put it into the into the text. So let's make that happen. And I want to do that through Yeah, this will be good. So let's do, let's go back into the edge function. And we're going to get the get const response. So we can get rid of line five. And instead we can write const response equals and then we're going to await context.next and put some parentheses after next
Yeah, this will be good. So let's do, let's go back into the edge function. And we're going to get the get const response. So we can get rid of line five. And instead we can write const response equals and then we're going to await context.next and put some parentheses after next It's a function call. Okay. So what this does when you call context.next is we've requested the home page, right? So context.next goes and gets the content of that home page. And now we have it in the response so we can do stuff with it. So what I want to do is I want to replace the text on it
It's a function call. Okay. So what this does when you call context.next is we've requested the home page, right? So context.next goes and gets the content of that home page. And now we have it in the response so we can do stuff with it. So what I want to do is I want to replace the text on it So let's get the text on the next line. So const text equals await response. .text with parentheses. It's a function call again. And then I want to on the next line down, we need to return a response. And so what we want to do with the response is we're going to use the built-in response object
So let's get the text on the next line. So const text equals await response. .text with parentheses. It's a function call again. And then I want to on the next line down, we need to return a response. And so what we want to do with the response is we're going to use the built-in response object So return. New. Capital R response. And inside parentheses. Let's do text.replace. And this part we might have to a little trial and error on this because I always get replacers wrong. So we're going to do the I'm just doing a quick check in my own console for how this works. Text.replace
So return. New. Capital R response. And inside parentheses. Let's do text.replace. And this part we might have to a little trial and error on this because I always get replacers wrong. So we're going to do the I'm just doing a quick check in my own console for how this works. Text.replace Text.replace. And we want to do the first one is going to be a function. So we're going to put parentheses there. . Wait, within text.replace or . Inside the parentheses, replace itself is a function. So we're going to add some. Okay
Text.replace. And we want to do the first one is going to be a function. So we're going to put parentheses there. . Wait, within text.replace or . Inside the parentheses, replace itself is a function. So we're going to add some. Okay Okay. And then we're going to use a regular expression like like anarchists. So do a forward slash. And then do you remember what we wrote in the HTML file for it was it like location here or something? Yeah, I think it says that we want that text. Then a forward slash. comma
Okay. And then we're going to use a regular expression like like anarchists. So do a forward slash. And then do you remember what we wrote in the HTML file for it was it like location here or something? Yeah, I think it says that we want that text. Then a forward slash. comma comma. And then let's do do a space and context. .geo. And then open up your terminal again. I want to I can't remember what the what it was. It was dot city. . Okay, so save that. And reload your page. Oh, we need to we need to max we need to match the. The caps there. So capital capital H. Yeah
comma. And then let's do do a space and context. .geo. And then open up your terminal again. I want to I can't remember what the what it was. It was dot city. . Okay, so save that. And reload your page. Oh, we need to we need to max we need to match the. The caps there. So capital capital H. Yeah Yeah. So save that. Okay, so see how it did a replace. Yeah, it put them. That's great. But it's not interpreting as HTML anymore because we just converted it all the text. So we can work around this if we go back into the edge function. And as the second argument
Yeah. So save that. Okay, so see how it did a replace. Yeah, it put them. That's great. But it's not interpreting as HTML anymore because we just converted it all the text. So we can work around this if we go back into the edge function. And as the second argument So on line seven between the blue and pink parentheses do a comma. At the very end there. And add response. Sorry, just like the word response. Yeah, I was like wait, I'd think about that one. But is it capital response or lowercase response? Lowercase. It's the one that we created on line five
So on line seven between the blue and pink parentheses do a comma. At the very end there. And add response. Sorry, just like the word response. Yeah, I was like wait, I'd think about that one. But is it capital response or lowercase response? Lowercase. It's the one that we created on line five So save that. And what this will do is it'll carry over like the headers and the other details that were necessary there. Yay. And there it is. So now you are telling people where they're requesting the site from, which is like kind of neat, you know, it's a little personalization touch
So save that. And what this will do is it'll carry over like the headers and the other details that were necessary there. Yay. And there it is. So now you are telling people where they're requesting the site from, which is like kind of neat, you know, it's a little personalization touch But so you could, you know, you could now make something like in your index.html, you could change that to be, you know, how's the weather in and then have location here. So in your index.html there. Yeah, I'm just, but I could also do like context.geo.land
But so you could, you know, you could now make something like in your index.html, you could change that to be, you know, how's the weather in and then have location here. So in your index.html there. Yeah, I'm just, but I could also do like context.geo.landgeo.land. Like want to know your latitude and longitude and put that in there. Yeah, or you could like update a map. So I have an example. If you want to see it, it is. I'm here. Dropping it in the twitch chat. So this one is an example of updating the location and then using that on a map
geo.land. Like want to know your latitude and longitude and put that in there. Yeah, or you could like update a map. So I have an example. If you want to see it, it is. I'm here. Dropping it in the twitch chat. So this one is an example of updating the location and then using that on a map So it shows the current air quality where you are. And this is done using an edge function. It looks at your request. It uses that to go get your latitude and longitude. And then updates a map and goes to the air quality index to pull the air quality for the given area
So it shows the current air quality where you are. And this is done using an edge function. It looks at your request. It uses that to go get your latitude and longitude. And then updates a map and goes to the air quality index to pull the air quality for the given area And does that as an overlay on a Google map. So this is like one way that you can do this. And everybody watching, if you click this open, like for Jen, it's showing Denver. For me, it would show Portland. For you, it would show wherever you're at
And does that as an overlay on a Google map. So this is like one way that you can do this. And everybody watching, if you click this open, like for Jen, it's showing Denver. For me, it would show Portland. For you, it would show wherever you're at And this is really relevant to me in the Pacific Northwest because during fire season, there are days when we just definitely don't want to go outside. So I can open the site up and see if it's a purple day. And I need to just like hide in my basement. Yeah, yeah
And this is really relevant to me in the Pacific Northwest because during fire season, there are days when we just definitely don't want to go outside. So I can open the site up and see if it's a purple day. And I need to just like hide in my basement. Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah. And that actually is really helpful because like with the fires here too and all this long, but I feel like we definitely went through a lot. And y'all, I just finally figured out how to put chapters in YouTube. And now I need to go do it. But I have figured out how
Yeah, yeah. And that actually is really helpful because like with the fires here too and all this long, but I feel like we definitely went through a lot. And y'all, I just finally figured out how to put chapters in YouTube. And now I need to go do it. But I have figured out how Okay, more of Twitter, somebody posted on there and then I learned. And yeah, but I know now. And I know we had a few more minutes, but I'm a little mind blown. We have so much fun. And I feel like this actually does give me a really good basis to build off and to be able to build this site
Okay, more of Twitter, somebody posted on there and then I learned. And yeah, but I know now. And I know we had a few more minutes, but I'm a little mind blown. We have so much fun. And I feel like this actually does give me a really good basis to build off and to be able to build this site And oh, the last thing to do would be to just to play that. So if you just get come at everything, push it. It'll all go live and then everybody who's watching can try it as well. And I will be really quick, y'all
And oh, the last thing to do would be to just to play that. So if you just get come at everything, push it. It'll all go live and then everybody who's watching can try it as well. And I will be really quick, y'all And so yeah, so that, I mean, this is one of the reasons that I get very excited about like Web Dev today is that tools like this are available. And it doesn't require you to, well, I have an idea for an API. So now I need to go get like figure out where to put a Docker image
And so yeah, so that, I mean, this is one of the reasons that I get very excited about like Web Dev today is that tools like this are available. And it doesn't require you to, well, I have an idea for an API. So now I need to go get like figure out where to put a Docker image And then I got to figure out what Docker is and how it works. And then I got to figure out how to put that up somewhere that doesn't charge me. You know, I have a side, I side project idea. I don't want that to cost me $9 a month. Yes, I think I want to be up for fun
And then I got to figure out what Docker is and how it works. And then I got to figure out how to put that up somewhere that doesn't charge me. You know, I have a side, I side project idea. I don't want that to cost me $9 a month. Yes, I think I want to be up for fun But like four side projects later. And suddenly I'm spending a lot of money that isn't ever going to pay back. Because it was just for fun. And so this, everything that we did today on Netlify is on the free tier. And, and so you can build as many of these as you want
But like four side projects later. And suddenly I'm spending a lot of money that isn't ever going to pay back. Because it was just for fun. And so this, everything that we did today on Netlify is on the free tier. And, and so you can build as many of these as you want And, and less one of them gets really, really successful. You're not going to end up paying any money for it
And, and less one of them gets really, really successful. You're not going to end up paying any money for it So this is a really, really good way to experiment, to play, to learn, to try a bunch of stuff, to bootstrap a business, whatever you're doing in a way that lets you stay, you know, you don't have to pay until your business starts making enough money that you have actual business requirements that would merit paying, right
So this is a really, really good way to experiment, to play, to learn, to try a bunch of stuff, to bootstrap a business, whatever you're doing in a way that lets you stay, you know, you don't have to pay until your business starts making enough money that you have actual business requirements that would merit paying, right And, and so for me, this is really exciting because I get to think about what I want to build, not how to get it on the internet
And, and so for me, this is really exciting because I get to think about what I want to build, not how to get it on the internet I get to try things without having to put a credit card down. I get to really, really rapidly experiment. You know, if I break something like yesterday when I went on my stream, I found out that I'd broken my site
I get to try things without having to put a credit card down. I get to really, really rapidly experiment. You know, if I break something like yesterday when I went on my stream, I found out that I'd broken my site And I was able to fix it and push a fix in the five minutes before we went live so that I only started like two minutes late. You know, and it's this whole thing where I never, ever could have done that when I was still running like a WordPress site on digital ocean
And I was able to fix it and push a fix in the five minutes before we went live so that I only started like two minutes late. You know, and it's this whole thing where I never, ever could have done that when I was still running like a WordPress site on digital ocean And I'd have to like SSH into the remote server and like restart the thing. It just, it took forever. I could never get it done
And I'd have to like SSH into the remote server and like restart the thing. It just, it took forever. I could never get it done So though it reduces this barrier for experimentation and learning that, you know, I no longer have to spend my whole half day, Friday, that's my learning time, trying to set up the project. I can spend the whole half day actually building the thing that I'm interested in building
So though it reduces this barrier for experimentation and learning that, you know, I no longer have to spend my whole half day, Friday, that's my learning time, trying to set up the project. I can spend the whole half day actually building the thing that I'm interested in building And I think that's, to me, that's really exciting. I'm now starting to get like, what Netlify. I feel I say starting to because there's still so much to learn, but I at least have a direction of how to play with it and get started. And instead of just going, Netlify is a thing. Yeah
And I think that's, to me, that's really exciting. I'm now starting to get like, what Netlify. I feel I say starting to because there's still so much to learn, but I at least have a direction of how to play with it and get started. And instead of just going, Netlify is a thing. Yeah Yeah. I now know more about what the thing does. Yay. And thank you, Jason, for coming on the show, for all of you that like, don't know Jason. I feel like that's weird only because like, I feel like so many streamers or those in the, the dev world or in the tech world or know about Netlify
Yeah. I now know more about what the thing does. Yay. And thank you, Jason, for coming on the show, for all of you that like, don't know Jason. I feel like that's weird only because like, I feel like so many streamers or those in the, the dev world or in the tech world or know about Netlify So that's why I say that. It would surprise me, but thank you for being on the show. Next week, Nick will be on the show. And we've had Britney on the show. We've had a lot of the Netlify team just involved in talking about other things. So thank you again for talking about all of this
So that's why I say that. It would surprise me, but thank you for being on the show. Next week, Nick will be on the show. And we've had Britney on the show. We've had a lot of the Netlify team just involved in talking about other things. So thank you again for talking about all of this And any last questions for Jason before we end? We got to thank you. And also, Netlify has the lowest bar and clearest way of getting stuff going. Yes. And excitement from Anthony. So Anthony always appreciate you being around. Yeah. So if anybody wants to find me, I love talking about this stuff
And any last questions for Jason before we end? We got to thank you. And also, Netlify has the lowest bar and clearest way of getting stuff going. Yes. And excitement from Anthony. So Anthony always appreciate you being around. Yeah. So if anybody wants to find me, I love talking about this stuff So I'm at, at JLINK store, pretty much everywhere. I'm on Twitter, Twitch, on YouTube. I'm learning with Jason so you can find that there. Or just jason.af slash links is where I've put everything. So if you want to, if you want to hit that up, you can find all my links to all my things
So I'm at, at JLINK store, pretty much everywhere. I'm on Twitter, Twitch, on YouTube. I'm learning with Jason so you can find that there. Or just jason.af slash links is where I've put everything. So if you want to, if you want to hit that up, you can find all my links to all my things And thanks for having me. This was a lot of fun. Yes. And thanks. Make sure you follow both of us on Twitch because this is where we learn live. And you can ask all the questions. It makes it fun. Thank you, everyone. Bye.
And thanks for having me. This was a lot of fun. Yes. And thanks. Make sure you follow both of us on Twitch because this is where we learn live. And you can ask all the questions. It makes it fun. Thank you, everyone. Bye.