questions now. Hello, hello, beautiful humans. Welcome to Miss Mondays with Hi, I'm Jen and that's Laura. Hi Laura. Hi, I'm Laura. I'm drinking coffee. Yes. Ah, I forgot my coffee. I have water. I need a drink water. We'll drink with water. We'll stick with water And before we get started on today's random topics, uh, y'all can tell I cannot multitask in or hitting the we're live thing. I'll post in a group. Why not? LinkedIn always asks me if I want to post in a group. Like, okay, I don't care. I'll spam this group
And before we get started on today's random topics, uh, y'all can tell I cannot multitask in or hitting the we're live thing. I'll post in a group. Why not? LinkedIn always asks me if I want to post in a group. Like, okay, I don't care. I'll spam this group What's a group in a LinkedIn context? Uh, there's like the there's like groups you can join and like, oh, premium career group is where I just posted this. Cool. I don't know. Cool. Yeah, but there's also like developers. Python web. Oh, I should invite you to this one
What's a group in a LinkedIn context? Uh, there's like the there's like groups you can join and like, oh, premium career group is where I just posted this. Cool. I don't know. Cool. Yeah, but there's also like developers. Python web. Oh, I should invite you to this one Can I invite people? I don't hang on. I mostly don't fuck with LinkedIn. I dig it. I only do anything on it because of the stream. So that's bad as far as I get. I'm not very exciting. Um, do we get traffic from LinkedIn? Do you know? I don't stream from LinkedIn
Can I invite people? I don't hang on. I mostly don't fuck with LinkedIn. I dig it. I only do anything on it because of the stream. So that's bad as far as I get. I'm not very exciting. Um, do we get traffic from LinkedIn? Do you know? I don't stream from LinkedIn I used to and we I did get traffic, but, um, a lot of people do find it because of LinkedIn. More of like the the CTO type people. Okay. Okay. Cause some like those higher level roles I've noticed and hi, homie, I'm not ignoring you
I used to and we I did get traffic, but, um, a lot of people do find it because of LinkedIn. More of like the the CTO type people. Okay. Okay. Cause some like those higher level roles I've noticed and hi, homie, I'm not ignoring you But those higher level roles don't always like use Twitter as much. I don't know. It's been really, really hit or miss. So I just post to both. I have found people because they have been like, they use LinkedIn and have shared it because of LinkedIn. So I'm like, yeah, works for me
But those higher level roles don't always like use Twitter as much. I don't know. It's been really, really hit or miss. So I just post to both. I have found people because they have been like, they use LinkedIn and have shared it because of LinkedIn. So I'm like, yeah, works for me I will continue to post. But, um, how is your stream? You streamed last week. Yeah. Yeah. It went super well. I was interviewing Andy Piper. Let me grab a link to that, I guess. Um, and, um, yeah, Andy had so much info to share. Yeah
I will continue to post. But, um, how is your stream? You streamed last week. Yeah. Yeah. It went super well. I was interviewing Andy Piper. Let me grab a link to that, I guess. Um, and, um, yeah, Andy had so much info to share. Yeah Yeah. Um, about micropython and, um, versions of Python that can run in small environments. And so micropython, that's that's really what it means. It means that it can run without taking up a ton of space
Yeah. Um, about micropython and, um, versions of Python that can run in small environments. And so micropython, that's that's really what it means. It means that it can run without taking up a ton of space And so, um, if you're trying to run on like a microcontroller, like if you've heard of Arduino, um, then you can use, I think it's actually circuit Python that you would use on Arduino, but I actually know you can do both
And so, um, if you're trying to run on like a microcontroller, like if you've heard of Arduino, um, then you can use, I think it's actually circuit Python that you would use on Arduino, but I actually know you can do both Um, but or like if you're making something I would be interested in is writing my own IOT type devices, because I have nest devices. Um, but I, the city I'm in is in the San Francisco Bay Area
Um, but or like if you're making something I would be interested in is writing my own IOT type devices, because I have nest devices. Um, but I, the city I'm in is in the San Francisco Bay Area And the city of San Francisco, so not my city, but a nearby city, um, voted recently, not not the citizens of San Francisco, but the board of supervisors, the board, um, voted to make it so that the police can tap into your private security systems, like without a warrant. That's not cool. No
And the city of San Francisco, so not my city, but a nearby city, um, voted recently, not not the citizens of San Francisco, but the board of supervisors, the board, um, voted to make it so that the police can tap into your private security systems, like without a warrant. That's not cool. No No. And like I bought nest instead of ring, because I did not want to be part of the police state, right? And so then they're just basically saying the police get to get to log into these things regardless, whether Google wants to hand over your data or not, like they just get to tap in
No. And like I bought nest instead of ring, because I did not want to be part of the police state, right? And so then they're just basically saying the police get to get to log into these things regardless, whether Google wants to hand over your data or not, like they just get to tap in Um, which is, which is complete bullshit, right? Um, and so I kind of want to make my own IOT, like my own cameras and ed, whatever at some point. Um, so that's something that Micropython would be potentially useful for. Yeah. Because like the, just, I mean, it's literally a tiny environment
Um, which is, which is complete bullshit, right? Um, and so I kind of want to make my own IOT, like my own cameras and ed, whatever at some point. Um, so that's something that Micropython would be potentially useful for. Yeah. Because like the, just, I mean, it's literally a tiny environment If you're talking about something like a chip that's fitting in your little camera or whatever, literally, but it still record. So the recording would happen on like a server. So it would send the data, but I can have my own, I can have my own database. Okay
If you're talking about something like a chip that's fitting in your little camera or whatever, literally, but it still record. So the recording would happen on like a server. So it would send the data, but I can have my own, I can have my own database. Okay Okay. You know, like locally, I can have my own. Okay. I think that would be the only thing that I would be cautious about is like, how do you make a record? Yeah. Yeah
Okay. You know, like locally, I can have my own. Okay. I think that would be the only thing that I would be cautious about is like, how do you make a record? Yeah. Yeah I mean, or you could record to the cloud, but the, if you're not using something like Google, um, like Google, Google Assistant or, or I mean, you can even use those assistants, but if you're not using Nest or Ring or whatever, like there isn't an interface that the police would know about to use to get in, right
I mean, or you could record to the cloud, but the, if you're not using something like Google, um, like Google, Google Assistant or, or I mean, you can even use those assistants, but if you're not using Nest or Ring or whatever, like there isn't an interface that the police would know about to use to get in, right So interesting
So interesting The fine. Yeah. Ben, you're going to be on Laura's stream and my stream. Yes. Oh, yeah. I was looking for a link to the thing and then I got talking about the Micropython. Oh, and Micropython is relevant to WebAssembly because WebAssembly is a runtime that can run in teeny tiny places as well
The fine. Yeah. Ben, you're going to be on Laura's stream and my stream. Yes. Oh, yeah. I was looking for a link to the thing and then I got talking about the Micropython. Oh, and Micropython is relevant to WebAssembly because WebAssembly is a runtime that can run in teeny tiny places as well Um, and so that's, that's exciting because I work for a company that works in the WebAssembly space. I was going to say that a lot more. That is really creepy. Oh, the Stanford Disco thing. I was like, what? It's monitored. That's okay. This is why we have our miscommunies
Um, and so that's, that's exciting because I work for a company that works in the WebAssembly space. I was going to say that a lot more. That is really creepy. Oh, the Stanford Disco thing. I was like, what? It's monitored. That's okay. This is why we have our miscommunies I want to background updated. Yes. And, um, and in stream yard to go to our twitches, our twitchi. I think it would be twitches. Twitches? Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah
I want to background updated. Yes. And, um, and in stream yard to go to our twitches, our twitchi. I think it would be twitches. Twitches? Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I don't think it's weak because it's it's Greek stuff where you would, it's, it's a word base comes from from the, wait, no, it's the other way around. Oh, shit. I can't remember which way it goes
Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I don't think it's weak because it's it's Greek stuff where you would, it's, it's a word base comes from from the, wait, no, it's the other way around. Oh, shit. I can't remember which way it goes Is it the Latin gets pluralized sometimes with an eye or the Greek? It's one or the other. I'm sorry. Ridiculously distracted. Look, it only changed going to my background color, going to red. But if I go to pink, it's almost the same. It looks blue. And I just changed it to blue
Is it the Latin gets pluralized sometimes with an eye or the Greek? It's one or the other. I'm sorry. Ridiculously distracted. Look, it only changed going to my background color, going to red. But if I go to pink, it's almost the same. It looks blue. And I just changed it to blue And it's just slightly deeper blue. Let's go white. There we go. Wait. I was trying to think of a different color to match um, our new, new stream colors. And Ben just said, uh, usually Latin is responsible for weird I, I, I, plurals, I dash. I, plurals? Yeah. Yeah. It's the Latin
And it's just slightly deeper blue. Let's go white. There we go. Wait. I was trying to think of a different color to match um, our new, new stream colors. And Ben just said, uh, usually Latin is responsible for weird I, I, I, plurals, I dash. I, plurals? Yeah. Yeah. It's the Latin It's the Latin. And then it's the Greek that doesn't go that way. So yeah. So that's why it's octopuses, not octopi. That's what it is. What? Oh, I'm a 12 year old. It's a crack. Yes. I say well, hello again, everybody. To miss Mondays. Um, Laura is gonna find the link to her stream last week
It's the Latin. And then it's the Greek that doesn't go that way. So yeah. So that's why it's octopuses, not octopi. That's what it is. What? Oh, I'm a 12 year old. It's a crack. Yes. I say well, hello again, everybody. To miss Mondays. Um, Laura is gonna find the link to her stream last week I'm typing now. I'm typing it in the twitch chat. Okay. Um, wait. I have a hot take of them. But octopus pluralization thing. Okay. Yes. Okay. Ben says, Tiel, D.R. Octopuses, Octopi, Octopeds are all fine. Interesting. I think, I think the same. Honestly. Octopeds? I have to pose. Podes? Yes
I'm typing now. I'm typing it in the twitch chat. Okay. Um, wait. I have a hot take of them. But octopus pluralization thing. Okay. Yes. Okay. Ben says, Tiel, D.R. Octopuses, Octopi, Octopeds are all fine. Interesting. I think, I think the same. Honestly. Octopeds? I have to pose. Podes? Yes Podes? Yes. Podes. Okay. Octopodes. I don't know how, but I am very, very happy that whenever we stream, it somehow comes on language and how to pronounce things. And Ben said that they are happy to go to Pat for Octopi from a Latinist perspective any day. Okay. Octop
Podes? Yes. Podes. Okay. Octopodes. I don't know how, but I am very, very happy that whenever we stream, it somehow comes on language and how to pronounce things. And Ben said that they are happy to go to Pat for Octopi from a Latinist perspective any day. Okay. Octop Okay. Octop. I'm not gonna sound any things out. So I'm just gonna hide this and pretend. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I'm gonna do. But thank you, Ben. And okay. So today, what do we want to talk about? Um, you said a thing before we started. I did. My brain is not with us today
Okay. Octop. I'm not gonna sound any things out. So I'm just gonna hide this and pretend. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I'm gonna do. But thank you, Ben. And okay. So today, what do we want to talk about? Um, you said a thing before we started. I did. My brain is not with us today It's, you know, it's around here somewhere. I'm cool with bullshitting the entire time because I was like, um, oh, it was ducks. That's what it was. Yeah. Or we can do technical documentation, but at the same time, like, I don't know how much concentration I want to do
It's, you know, it's around here somewhere. I'm cool with bullshitting the entire time because I was like, um, oh, it was ducks. That's what it was. Yeah. Or we can do technical documentation, but at the same time, like, I don't know how much concentration I want to do But that is the fun of Monday's. We get to choose. Then also, I wanted to say thank you to Homey for making our background and our graphic. Our streams because you're way better at it than I am. Yeah. Yeah. We, uh, let us, let us know what we, what we can do for you. Homey
But that is the fun of Monday's. We get to choose. Then also, I wanted to say thank you to Homey for making our background and our graphic. Our streams because you're way better at it than I am. Yeah. Yeah. We, uh, let us, let us know what we, what we can do for you. Homey Homey. Because we're not about that free labor. No, no, we are not. No, we are not. Homey does a lot of random stuff for everyone. Like, homey. Oh my gosh. Okay. We need to go. Did you see Tuesday stream by Chanuk's Laura? Okay. First off, it was with Jay about VS Code, which was super dope
Homey. Because we're not about that free labor. No, no, we are not. No, we are not. Homey does a lot of random stuff for everyone. Like, homey. Oh my gosh. Okay. We need to go. Did you see Tuesday stream by Chanuk's Laura? Okay. First off, it was with Jay about VS Code, which was super dope I see does everyone watch it. We'll definitely have to check them. And then, uh, we got to see Homey's app. Theme manager. Theme. It also looks like theme anger. So we all know. Um, Ben, it was because of your stream that Homey found me. Because Ben gave me a shout out on their stream. Oh, yeah
I see does everyone watch it. We'll definitely have to check them. And then, uh, we got to see Homey's app. Theme manager. Theme. It also looks like theme anger. So we all know. Um, Ben, it was because of your stream that Homey found me. Because Ben gave me a shout out on their stream. Oh, yeah Oh, yeah. So Ben's going to be on my stream next week. A week from tomorrow. I have not, I've got it scheduled, but I hadn't posted about it yet, but I can grab the link anyway. Okay. Um, here we go. And we're going to be talking about accessibility in docs
Oh, yeah. So Ben's going to be on my stream next week. A week from tomorrow. I have not, I've got it scheduled, but I hadn't posted about it yet, but I can grab the link anyway. Okay. Um, here we go. And we're going to be talking about accessibility in docs Um, because I write, I write docs for living
Um, because I write, I write docs for living Um, and I have run into some questions like beyond, um, beyond like, okay, I need to make, you know, an alt text for this image, um, some like nuances about that like, or is there like still a purpose for an image? Do we just not like do these or what
Um, and I have run into some questions like beyond, um, beyond like, okay, I need to make, you know, an alt text for this image, um, some like nuances about that like, or is there like still a purpose for an image? Do we just not like do these or what Like screenshots of things, you know, that kind of, that kind of thing
Like screenshots of things, you know, that kind of, that kind of thing So we'll see. Now I'm intrigued. And Ben, you asked me what I wanted to talk about on my stream with you. And now I want to talk about it. But more like as, uh, like, you know, how do you create docs? But then like, if we just like tie in like, hey, here's how to create docs
So we'll see. Now I'm intrigued. And Ben, you asked me what I wanted to talk about on my stream with you. And now I want to talk about it. But more like as, uh, like, you know, how do you create docs? But then like, if we just like tie in like, hey, here's how to create docs So including, uh, the accessibility stuff. Interesting. Oh, I didn't realize that that Ben also builds a, a docs site. I think I feel like I knew this and forgot. So it's like exciting new news for me. But then at the same time, I'm going, I should have known they don't, they do that
So including, uh, the accessibility stuff. Interesting. Oh, I didn't realize that that Ben also builds a, a docs site. I think I feel like I knew this and forgot. So it's like exciting new news for me. But then at the same time, I'm going, I should have known they don't, they do that I forget, I forget that Ben works up Microsoft. Didn't know that either. Oh, well, hey, hey, they work at Microsoft learn, formally Microsoft docs. Okay. Yes. Um, because I got really excited when I realized that Jay and Ben both work at Microsoft. Oh, right
I forget, I forget that Ben works up Microsoft. Didn't know that either. Oh, well, hey, hey, they work at Microsoft learn, formally Microsoft docs. Okay. Yes. Um, because I got really excited when I realized that Jay and Ben both work at Microsoft. Oh, right Oh, right. And I was like, do you guys know each other? I don't remember what they said. But I hope they know each other now, because they're both, it's amazing humans
Oh, right. And I was like, do you guys know each other? I don't remember what they said. But I hope they know each other now, because they're both, it's amazing humans It's a big world like the opposite of a small world, obviously, right? Like at Microsoft, you know what I mean? Y'all, that was my favorite, favorite, favorite ride in the entire Disney thing. It was, it was a small one. He said to anybody wants to know
It's a big world like the opposite of a small world, obviously, right? Like at Microsoft, you know what I mean? Y'all, that was my favorite, favorite, favorite ride in the entire Disney thing. It was, it was a small one. He said to anybody wants to know Do you have a stream this week? Other than this one? Yep. Tomorrow. Oh, as a random thing before I go, oh, Ben said they didn't know each other at the time. But we had a family, a family chat. I can't read friendly chat in the end. Give me a family chat too
Do you have a stream this week? Other than this one? Yep. Tomorrow. Oh, as a random thing before I go, oh, Ben said they didn't know each other at the time. But we had a family, a family chat. I can't read friendly chat in the end. Give me a family chat too And, uh, grad said, uh, sleeping at last does a beautiful cover of the small world. Oh, please post the link. Oh, um, as a random thing with Jason, Jason mean on the show last week, which um, for those who may not have seen last week last Friday's as well as know who teach with Jason is
And, uh, grad said, uh, sleeping at last does a beautiful cover of the small world. Oh, please post the link. Oh, um, as a random thing with Jason, Jason mean on the show last week, which um, for those who may not have seen last week last Friday's as well as know who teach with Jason is I am grabbing the link. Uh, he was on the show last week and we talked about rebuilding a website on Netlify. Oh, and it was actually really cool because he was talking about some streaming stuff that he does. Um, and like auto generating
I am grabbing the link. Uh, he was on the show last week and we talked about rebuilding a website on Netlify. Oh, and it was actually really cool because he was talking about some streaming stuff that he does. Um, and like auto generating How did he say I'm think I'm paraphrasing horribly, but there is a tool within Netlify that you can upload the photos and it will use the information to create the graphic. Oh, and I feel like I also heard of this during next nation when I was MC in that last week
How did he say I'm think I'm paraphrasing horribly, but there is a tool within Netlify that you can upload the photos and it will use the information to create the graphic. Oh, and I feel like I also heard of this during next nation when I was MC in that last week So I feel like I heard it from two different spots and now I need to go investigate it. But that is also something that yes, yes, Ben said it. Clara Cloud Cloudinary. I had to check out that too. Yeah
So I feel like I heard it from two different spots and now I need to go investigate it. But that is also something that yes, yes, Ben said it. Clara Cloud Cloudinary. I had to check out that too. Yeah Yeah. Um, so yeah, I mean, we can we can talk, you know, like I can, I can talk a little bit about about docs and we can see how much attention span we have and make no promises. I dig it and thank you, Ben, for posting that. Here's a stream from last week too
Yeah. Um, so yeah, I mean, we can we can talk, you know, like I can, I can talk a little bit about about docs and we can see how much attention span we have and make no promises. I dig it and thank you, Ben, for posting that. Here's a stream from last week too And thank you for the, it's a small world cover. I feel like I need to, we've got it. We've got it. All right. Well, where would you like to start with docs? I am just dropping a link in the chat to the blog post I wrote about how I became an technical writer. There we go. Um, yeah
And thank you for the, it's a small world cover. I feel like I need to, we've got it. We've got it. All right. Well, where would you like to start with docs? I am just dropping a link in the chat to the blog post I wrote about how I became an technical writer. There we go. Um, yeah Um, yeah. So, so I was originally, well, okay, originally is is not the correct word here because I have planned on about 27 different careers. Um, but the, the one that the first one that stuck for more than a couple of years at a time was I was going to be a mathematician
Um, yeah. So, so I was originally, well, okay, originally is is not the correct word here because I have planned on about 27 different careers. Um, but the, the one that the first one that stuck for more than a couple of years at a time was I was going to be a mathematician I have graduate degrees in math, but it turns out that academics don't make any money, especially adjuncts and that's what I was. And I mean, so like for reference, I made $23,000 a year in the San Francisco Bay Area
I have graduate degrees in math, but it turns out that academics don't make any money, especially adjuncts and that's what I was. And I mean, so like for reference, I made $23,000 a year in the San Francisco Bay Area Oh, and that's not like reasonable money anywhere in the US, but in the San Francisco Bay Area, in particular, that's like way below poverty line type money. Um, and I was completely naive because I just assumed that my professors and someone made money that made sense
Oh, and that's not like reasonable money anywhere in the US, but in the San Francisco Bay Area, in particular, that's like way below poverty line type money. Um, and I was completely naive because I just assumed that my professors and someone made money that made sense Like literally, I just assumed that that was a thing. Um, and turned out, no, you, uh, you can only be an academic if you have a, uh, some other source of money, right? Like if your spouse makes more money than you do or your parents support your lifestyle or whatever
Like literally, I just assumed that that was a thing. Um, and turned out, no, you, uh, you can only be an academic if you have a, uh, some other source of money, right? Like if your spouse makes more money than you do or your parents support your lifestyle or whatever Um, and so I was privileged enough to be able to take my time to make a decision about what I was going to do instead. And so I decided, well, like the most natural move seemed to be like into data science from from math. And so I was going to do that
Um, and so I was privileged enough to be able to take my time to make a decision about what I was going to do instead. And so I decided, well, like the most natural move seemed to be like into data science from from math. And so I was going to do that And that's when I learned the Python, um, and so on. And then, but I was kind of dragging my feet about the career switch. And I, uh, wanted to continue teaching
And that's when I learned the Python, um, and so on. And then, but I was kind of dragging my feet about the career switch. And I, uh, wanted to continue teaching And then with the pandemic, with the like pivot to remote learning, I thought that I would be able to keep teaching, like when I became a data scientist, I would still be able to teach like a section or two online. But then the university that I worked for, um, went back to all in person
And then with the pandemic, with the like pivot to remote learning, I thought that I would be able to keep teaching, like when I became a data scientist, I would still be able to teach like a section or two online. But then the university that I worked for, um, went back to all in person So there are zero, going back to zero math classes online, which is a problem for all kinds of reasons, but, um, not only that I have, um, highly reactive airways. And so I can't be in rooms without ventilation with 40 folks. Uh, since COVID
So there are zero, going back to zero math classes online, which is a problem for all kinds of reasons, but, um, not only that I have, um, highly reactive airways. And so I can't be in rooms without ventilation with 40 folks. Uh, since COVID Uh, since COVID. And so I had to really push my classes, um, that I was scheduled for like I had, I had a whole like everything was all scheduled for this for last spring
Uh, since COVID. And so I had to really push my classes, um, that I was scheduled for like I had, I had a whole like everything was all scheduled for this for last spring And, uh, I had to say, I guess it was about a year ago now that I finally had to say, okay, I guess if you're going to make these classes be in person with no other options
And, uh, I had to say, I guess it was about a year ago now that I finally had to say, okay, I guess if you're going to make these classes be in person with no other options Then I actually have to choose between potentially dying for this job that pays me $23,000 a year or, um, I have to do something else. I was like, okay, well, I guess it's time. Yeah
Then I actually have to choose between potentially dying for this job that pays me $23,000 a year or, um, I have to do something else. I was like, okay, well, I guess it's time. Yeah Yeah. And that same week or the same week that the semester was ending and I was, I was, my heart was breaking about not teaching anymore. Um, people on Twitter started talking about technical writing. And I sort of ignored it for a bit and then I checked it out
Yeah. And that same week or the same week that the semester was ending and I was, I was, my heart was breaking about not teaching anymore. Um, people on Twitter started talking about technical writing. And I sort of ignored it for a bit and then I checked it out Um, this is a few days before Christmas. And I was like, oh, this sounds, this sounds like me because if you look at the, um, Google has a, um, let me find a link to it. Google has, um, a course, free course on technical writing, which I think I probably linked to on my blog post
Um, this is a few days before Christmas. And I was like, oh, this sounds, this sounds like me because if you look at the, um, Google has a, um, let me find a link to it. Google has, um, a course, free course on technical writing, which I think I probably linked to on my blog post I'm literally looking at my own blog post to try to find there is, um, and I will drop that in the chat too
I'm literally looking at my own blog post to try to find there is, um, and I will drop that in the chat too Um, this description from Google, um, Google's course about, um, um, the field, um, and they say you need to write clearly in English, uh, learn complex technologies, relatively quickly explain complex technologies in useful ways for the target audience, wield strong interpersonal skills and understand code
Um, this description from Google, um, Google's course about, um, um, the field, um, and they say you need to write clearly in English, uh, learn complex technologies, relatively quickly explain complex technologies in useful ways for the target audience, wield strong interpersonal skills and understand code Technical writers are rare hybrids possessing an uncommon mixture of talents. And I was like, oh, but that's me
Technical writers are rare hybrids possessing an uncommon mixture of talents. And I was like, oh, but that's me Um, and so, but I felt a little bit, I was pretty conflicted because I had already spent a couple of years like studying data science and saying that I was going to go into data science and I didn't want to come across as flaky because it already was a pivot, like I was going to be a mathematician, right
Um, and so, but I felt a little bit, I was pretty conflicted because I had already spent a couple of years like studying data science and saying that I was going to go into data science and I didn't want to come across as flaky because it already was a pivot, like I was going to be a mathematician, right And then it was like, oh, okay, and now I'm going to actually be a data scientist and then to then pivot again and be like, actually it's going to be technical writing felt flaky
And then it was like, oh, okay, and now I'm going to actually be a data scientist and then to then pivot again and be like, actually it's going to be technical writing felt flaky Um, but then I decided, you know, it's just you got to be, um, embracing, embracing your own actual talents as opposed to what you thought your talents were two years ago. You know, uh, makes a lot more sense. So I decided to do it
Um, but then I decided, you know, it's just you got to be, um, embracing, embracing your own actual talents as opposed to what you thought your talents were two years ago. You know, uh, makes a lot more sense. So I decided to do it Um, and I did Google's, Google's course, um, which is like self-paced. And it was pretty quick for me. Um, and then from there, the, the how you become a technical writer. Sort of path, uh, has forks with like many times, right
Um, and I did Google's, Google's course, um, which is like self-paced. And it was pretty quick for me. Um, and then from there, the, the how you become a technical writer. Sort of path, uh, has forks with like many times, right So I think everybody can benefit from that, that free, um, Google course. Oh, I think I posted the wrong link there. Uh, damn. I don't know. Sorry about that. I'll have to look for that in a minute
So I think everybody can benefit from that, that free, um, Google course. Oh, I think I posted the wrong link there. Uh, damn. I don't know. Sorry about that. I'll have to look for that in a minute Um, but so some, some technical writers write sort of maybe the biggest, the first, the first fork is, do you want to be a technical writer who writes for sort of determining which audience, who's your audience going to be
Um, but so some, some technical writers write sort of maybe the biggest, the first, the first fork is, do you want to be a technical writer who writes for sort of determining which audience, who's your audience going to be So I interviewed with a company that is a cable alternative company, um, like cable television alternative company
So I interviewed with a company that is a cable alternative company, um, like cable television alternative company Um, and, uh, yeah, yeah. And so their, um, their deal was they were looking for a technical writer to be writing. It was more like the customer support docs. Right. And so they, uh, they just, they were really concerned while talking to me that it wasn't a technical enough position for me
Um, and, uh, yeah, yeah. And so their, um, their deal was they were looking for a technical writer to be writing. It was more like the customer support docs. Right. And so they, uh, they just, they were really concerned while talking to me that it wasn't a technical enough position for me Like I wouldn't be happy in this role. And so I would be more likely to jump into a different role when I had the opportunity and they were completely correct with that. That was my plan. Um, so for them, the technical writer was in the marketing department
Like I wouldn't be happy in this role. And so I would be more likely to jump into a different role when I had the opportunity and they were completely correct with that. That was my plan. Um, so for them, the technical writer was in the marketing department And so that's like one way of being a technical writer. So you can think about like your, the person who writes the, the documentation that is viewed by, you know, my, my cable boxes broken. So I do that, that kind of thing
And so that's like one way of being a technical writer. So you can think about like your, the person who writes the, the documentation that is viewed by, you know, my, my cable boxes broken. So I do that, that kind of thing Um, and then there are technical writers who work for whose audience will be developers. Instead of the, the customers, I mean, in the case of the company that I'm working for are our customers and their customers are developers. So it's like developers all the way down. Um, yeah
Um, and then there are technical writers who work for whose audience will be developers. Instead of the, the customers, I mean, in the case of the company that I'm working for are our customers and their customers are developers. So it's like developers all the way down. Um, yeah Um, yeah. So, so that's, that's one thing that you have to decide is how technical you want to be with your technical writing. So I don't know about the, the path where you think, okay, I think I'd rather be the kind of technical writer that is embedded in a marketing team
Um, yeah. So, so that's, that's one thing that you have to decide is how technical you want to be with your technical writing. So I don't know about the, the path where you think, okay, I think I'd rather be the kind of technical writer that is embedded in a marketing team I don't know about that because I didn't do it. I know the technical writer who's embedded in, um, either developer, a developer relations team or an engineering team. And so there are sort of two different ways of doing that as well
I don't know about that because I didn't do it. I know the technical writer who's embedded in, um, either developer, a developer relations team or an engineering team. And so there are sort of two different ways of doing that as well And yeah, so that's, that's kind of the thing about how I, how I got here. Oh, except I forgot the entire part where like I wrote a blog. Um, and so all the entirely before I decided to become a technical writer, I had been maintaining this blog
And yeah, so that's, that's kind of the thing about how I, how I got here. Oh, except I forgot the entire part where like I wrote a blog. Um, and so all the entirely before I decided to become a technical writer, I had been maintaining this blog I've already linked to, um, which was my like, I'm learning data science blog. And I actually didn't write any blog posts between the time that I decided to switch to becoming a technical writer and actually becoming one because that process was only about six weeks
I've already linked to, um, which was my like, I'm learning data science blog. And I actually didn't write any blog posts between the time that I decided to switch to becoming a technical writer and actually becoming one because that process was only about six weeks Um, so yes, lots and lots of questions, but also, okay, go here. And share my screen. Because I have questions, but I want to show everyone why I click the wrong button. I try to share a file, not the screen
Um, so yes, lots and lots of questions, but also, okay, go here. And share my screen. Because I have questions, but I want to show everyone why I click the wrong button. I try to share a file, not the screen I think I asked a great question of, uh, Laura, you, uh, just curious, you seem like a social person is technical writing kind of isolated. I think it depends a lot on your company. Um, so my company is fully remote. And so yes, it's kind of isolating
I think I asked a great question of, uh, Laura, you, uh, just curious, you seem like a social person is technical writing kind of isolated. I think it depends a lot on your company. Um, so my company is fully remote. And so yes, it's kind of isolating Um, because we're remote, but other companies that like work in person. So you might have a dev role team. You see you so as a technical writer, um, there are more ways than just these two, but you're probably either on a developer relations team or a engineering team
Um, because we're remote, but other companies that like work in person. So you might have a dev role team. You see you so as a technical writer, um, there are more ways than just these two, but you're probably either on a developer relations team or a engineering team Um, and so either way, you're like on a team. Um, I am technically on the developer relations team within my company, but I also attend like all the engineering meetings, because the engineers are the ones that need to tell me what needs to go in the docs. Um, and, and so on
Um, and so either way, you're like on a team. Um, I am technically on the developer relations team within my company, but I also attend like all the engineering meetings, because the engineers are the ones that need to tell me what needs to go in the docs. Um, and, and so on Um, and, and so on. So I'm also an entire hermit. Um, and so I can realize that it's actually being three weeks since I have left my house and be like, oh, yeah. I'm fine. I can just stay here. Um, and, uh, I shouldn't laugh at this. I'm sorry. It's like this related ability that I'm giggling at
Um, and, and so on. So I'm also an entire hermit. Um, and so I can realize that it's actually being three weeks since I have left my house and be like, oh, yeah. I'm fine. I can just stay here. Um, and, uh, I shouldn't laugh at this. I'm sorry. It's like this related ability that I'm giggling at Um, and so, so it's perfect for me. So I'm a social person in the sense that I love, um, I love chatting with y'all. Uh, but like the idea, like if this were a meetup in person, this would be much more draining for me. Uh, and I don't totally know why, but it's true. Oh, I feel that
Um, and so, so it's perfect for me. So I'm a social person in the sense that I love, um, I love chatting with y'all. Uh, but like the idea, like if this were a meetup in person, this would be much more draining for me. Uh, and I don't totally know why, but it's true. Oh, I feel that Oh, I feel that. And that was a great question. How many? Yes. Uh, on the fact that like, I get easily not leave my house for a week. I would love it. Although Tyler makes me leave the house. He's like, you're leaving. We are going to go get like something to get you to leave the house
Oh, I feel that. And that was a great question. How many? Yes. Uh, on the fact that like, I get easily not leave my house for a week. I would love it. Although Tyler makes me leave the house. He's like, you're leaving. We are going to go get like something to get you to leave the house So he'll drive me with thrift shopping to get me to leave the house. So, um, he at least knows what will bribe me. It's either food or, um, going thrifting. And I, I don't know
So he'll drive me with thrift shopping to get me to leave the house. So, um, he at least knows what will bribe me. It's either food or, um, going thrifting. And I, I don't know Like, at least in Laura, I'm curious to follow up question from what you just said is I know for myself is at least getting like once I see you. Like, once I start writing, it's a very, very. Like I have to finish it now and yet a very calming and almost frantic at the same time. Experience
Like, at least in Laura, I'm curious to follow up question from what you just said is I know for myself is at least getting like once I see you. Like, once I start writing, it's a very, very. Like I have to finish it now and yet a very calming and almost frantic at the same time. Experience Experience. We're going to go with that experience. Now. And I haven't read the article y'all so it might be in here. And I'm going to put a pin in this question, although it would be cool to see like how you get into writing. And like you're writing mode because I'm the blog post about that
Experience. We're going to go with that experience. Now. And I haven't read the article y'all so it might be in here. And I'm going to put a pin in this question, although it would be cool to see like how you get into writing. And like you're writing mode because I'm the blog post about that Sort of. Please, please post it because I'm going to, I also, this was the question I was going to have earlier is if you all take a look and I find this so funny because like funny, not really
Sort of. Please, please post it because I'm going to, I also, this was the question I was going to have earlier is if you all take a look and I find this so funny because like funny, not really Funny is not the right word, but like if Ben is still watching since they do the accessibility, everything. This website is way more accessible than a lot because you can listen to the article and you can double time it. And that makes me happy. So I love hash note
Funny is not the right word, but like if Ben is still watching since they do the accessibility, everything. This website is way more accessible than a lot because you can listen to the article and you can double time it. And that makes me happy. So I love hash note That's actually one of the reasons that I, that's one of the reasons that I use hash note instead of. Other possibilities because because of that feature. Sweet, that is something that. What we're debating, we are debating. I'm debating, homey helps me debate. I'm going to
That's actually one of the reasons that I, that's one of the reasons that I use hash note instead of. Other possibilities because because of that feature. Sweet, that is something that. What we're debating, we are debating. I'm debating, homey helps me debate. I'm going to I'm going to. Netlify if netlify has a tool like this. For their blogs. So. Yeah, I don't know. I do. So this is, this is under my domain, Laura, linden.io, because you can use your own debate domain for hash note
I'm going to. Netlify if netlify has a tool like this. For their blogs. So. Yeah, I don't know. I do. So this is, this is under my domain, Laura, linden.io, because you can use your own debate domain for hash note So it doesn't like you can make your site with netlify and still have your blog on hash note. Under your domain, if you want. Yeah. And I've done that kind of stuff like with WordPress and stuff. I just is like in case anybody wanted to know
So it doesn't like you can make your site with netlify and still have your blog on hash note. Under your domain, if you want. Yeah. And I've done that kind of stuff like with WordPress and stuff. I just is like in case anybody wanted to know If you want to get more visibility on things, you can do. Can I call canonical canonical canonical canonical canonical canonical. Yeah, we're going to make a clip out of this because this is important. I didn't know what it was
If you want to get more visibility on things, you can do. Can I call canonical canonical canonical canonical canonical canonical. Yeah, we're going to make a clip out of this because this is important. I didn't know what it was Although, okay, so if you go into you, I'm going to edit this one just because it's here and scroll all the way down. Oh, I don't need to. It's like this button. And there's canonical change, better tag, canonical underscore URL. If this post was first published somewhere else like your own blog
Although, okay, so if you go into you, I'm going to edit this one just because it's here and scroll all the way down. Oh, I don't need to. It's like this button. And there's canonical change, better tag, canonical underscore URL. If this post was first published somewhere else like your own blog So I actually. Of my blog page hidden because mine, I like this look of it just being a landing page. But if I go here, this is the actual. And then you put the. Can not a call link here
So I actually. Of my blog page hidden because mine, I like this look of it just being a landing page. But if I go here, this is the actual. And then you put the. Can not a call link here And reason you do this is because then go a you still have rights, the original post in case this other website ever goes down
And reason you do this is because then go a you still have rights, the original post in case this other website ever goes down And then Google doesn't get mad that you double posted something that's saying, oh, hey, you acknowledge that you posted it somewhere else because dev two is a pretty well known. And then you can see that a lot of people post you so you can still keep your own content
And then Google doesn't get mad that you double posted something that's saying, oh, hey, you acknowledge that you posted it somewhere else because dev two is a pretty well known. And then you can see that a lot of people post you so you can still keep your own content And so that is why I'm asking as well. And Ben has a. More comments that so now I should. I have found because I have. I don't really yell, but my exacerbated annoyance of reading out loud and remote keeps telling me that I need to do it
And so that is why I'm asking as well. And Ben has a. More comments that so now I should. I have found because I have. I don't really yell, but my exacerbated annoyance of reading out loud and remote keeps telling me that I need to do it So it's becoming a streamer and then also an MC of it like having to read these. I don't want to. Anyway, Ben says so netlify is really just a deployment target. So you can build your own website separately and then host it on netlify
So it's becoming a streamer and then also an MC of it like having to read these. I don't want to. Anyway, Ben says so netlify is really just a deployment target. So you can build your own website separately and then host it on netlify So I don't think netlify will support a sport listen to this article out of the box. And sometimes we got to talk about search engine optimization. It's a. That's such a hell of cool rabbit hole to go down. Yes
So I don't think netlify will support a sport listen to this article out of the box. And sometimes we got to talk about search engine optimization. It's a. That's such a hell of cool rabbit hole to go down. Yes Yes. And so I think that's something that also makes me think of SEO for search engine optimization is the fact that. If I remember correctly an annoyance that Ben had is that people would use alt text for SEO and not for image description. And I think that would be
Yes. And so I think that's something that also makes me think of SEO for search engine optimization is the fact that. If I remember correctly an annoyance that Ben had is that people would use alt text for SEO and not for image description. And I think that would be And I think that's really interesting topic to bring about SEO. Because SEO is important. It is really difficult. And it takes time. Or is this saying that I don't know if I heard it somewhere, but consistency takes time. It's really annoying. I have not done any SEO
And I think that's really interesting topic to bring about SEO. Because SEO is important. It is really difficult. And it takes time. Or is this saying that I don't know if I heard it somewhere, but consistency takes time. It's really annoying. I have not done any SEO I have read a little bit here and there and just being like, oh my god, that sounds exhausting. It's where like if I Google stuff, like I've noticed in my own. Because this is what I do. I don't know if it's it's like Google myself just as. What is kidding the best SEO. And. It's not bad
I have read a little bit here and there and just being like, oh my god, that sounds exhausting. It's where like if I Google stuff, like I've noticed in my own. Because this is what I do. I don't know if it's it's like Google myself just as. What is kidding the best SEO. And. It's not bad And. It's not bad. But I'm like this is me. This is I mean, I'm on this podcast, but that's somebody else's podcast. And that's why it always like amazes me. But develop, auto develop, auto is something that I use very often. And I'm a develop, auto. Is not the first post
And. It's not bad. But I'm like this is me. This is I mean, I'm on this podcast, but that's somebody else's podcast. And that's why it always like amazes me. But develop, auto develop, auto is something that I use very often. And I'm a develop, auto. Is not the first post It is a developer, a developer, auto is practical field guide to seeing fuck it. And I'm like, what? So it's a very interesting. Hey, next nation came up. That's exciting. Okay. So Ben has said that a great person to talk to you about SEO from a dub's perspective is Monica Lent
It is a developer, a developer, auto is practical field guide to seeing fuck it. And I'm like, what? So it's a very interesting. Hey, next nation came up. That's exciting. Okay. So Ben has said that a great person to talk to you about SEO from a dub's perspective is Monica Lent And I actually, I had a newsletter from her. It might have been around the time that I was going to always train convert kit. I think is what it was. Yeah. And yeah, so yeah, tons of information from Monica about SEO. And I am just too tired. Ben, please introduce us
And I actually, I had a newsletter from her. It might have been around the time that I was going to always train convert kit. I think is what it was. Yeah. And yeah, so yeah, tons of information from Monica about SEO. And I am just too tired. Ben, please introduce us And also the other person that you introduced me to many, many moons ago that I was texting with. I believe she gave you. I hope you know who I'm talking about just so that way I can. Oh, yes. Ben, now I know who to follow up with. I forgot their name. Yes. Yes. Thank you. Thank you
And also the other person that you introduced me to many, many moons ago that I was texting with. I believe she gave you. I hope you know who I'm talking about just so that way I can. Oh, yes. Ben, now I know who to follow up with. I forgot their name. Yes. Yes. Thank you. Thank you Thank you. And Monica, let's. What we'll see if Monica will come on. I mean, we've had. Brand them very well known people on the show. So who knows maybe Monica will say yes. You never know. Okay. So thank you for the random. I'm going to go to the next one
Thank you. And Monica, let's. What we'll see if Monica will come on. I mean, we've had. Brand them very well known people on the show. So who knows maybe Monica will say yes. You never know. Okay. So thank you for the random. I'm going to go to the next one Let's go down the rabbit hole of accessibility. Now that I'm looking at your. Blog post. And I'm so excited about this. How would you say like. If I'm like, I want to go get a freelance job of a technical writer. And I need. And they have no. Like
Let's go down the rabbit hole of accessibility. Now that I'm looking at your. Blog post. And I'm so excited about this. How would you say like. If I'm like, I want to go get a freelance job of a technical writer. And I need. And they have no. Like Like. How do I say this? And it's like, you're dropped out of fact, right? These were sites where you have to promote a group of directors. Or, you just hear conversations with them, and I do know
Like. How do I say this? And it's like, you're dropped out of fact, right? These were sites where you have to promote a group of directors. Or, you just hear conversations with them, and I do know And in fact, there are three communities around the largest Porque Concders'iles, Bill, Amber was about. Yeah. Yeah. start up, right? That probably there's something written down somewhere that needs to be revised and edited and built out from
And in fact, there are three communities around the largest Porque Concders'iles, Bill, Amber was about. Yeah. Yeah. start up, right? That probably there's something written down somewhere that needs to be revised and edited and built out from And yeah, so it's unlikely that you're getting hired to instantiate documentation where there existed exactly zero documentation beforehand. Probably that's not the case. I don't know if that answers your question. In the stand-chay, represent as or by an instance. I'm googling word. Oh
And yeah, so it's unlikely that you're getting hired to instantiate documentation where there existed exactly zero documentation beforehand. Probably that's not the case. I don't know if that answers your question. In the stand-chay, represent as or by an instance. I'm googling word. Oh Oh. Like create from nothing. Oh, okay. So a lot of times you were creating from something and just updating stuff or finding the out information and making it consumable. Yeah. Yeah. Okay
Oh. Like create from nothing. Oh, okay. So a lot of times you were creating from something and just updating stuff or finding the out information and making it consumable. Yeah. Yeah. Okay Yeah. Yeah. Okay. How do people hand you stuff that they want documented? Like how do you know what to document? So I mean, it'll depend a lot from team to team how this would work out. Okay
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. How do people hand you stuff that they want documented? Like how do you know what to document? So I mean, it'll depend a lot from team to team how this would work out. Okay Okay. On my team, the way that it's working out is when I started, it was kind of a brand new baby startup because it was only eight months old when I joined. But there were already, yeah, some docs
Okay. On my team, the way that it's working out is when I started, it was kind of a brand new baby startup because it was only eight months old when I joined. But there were already, yeah, some docs And so my like the first thing that I did really was actually an accessibility thing going through and fixing links because we had a lot of links that were like click here and here is hyperlinked for information about blah blah blah
And so my like the first thing that I did really was actually an accessibility thing going through and fixing links because we had a lot of links that were like click here and here is hyperlinked for information about blah blah blah And so then what that means is that if you're using a screenwriter to see like a or here rather a list of all of like the links on the page like from navigational purposes, then you've got like seven links that are all just here, here, here, here. And that's not useful at all
And so then what that means is that if you're using a screenwriter to see like a or here rather a list of all of like the links on the page like from navigational purposes, then you've got like seven links that are all just here, here, here, here. And that's not useful at all And so learning about like, okay, so what information should be in that hyperlink? And so rewording sentences so that they'll make sense and and keeping putting the information that's useful in into the hyperlink
And so learning about like, okay, so what information should be in that hyperlink? And so rewording sentences so that they'll make sense and and keeping putting the information that's useful in into the hyperlink And so that gave me kind of a tour of our entire docs base because I was going through every single page to look at every single hyperlink and say, okay, so what would be what would be is this sufficient or what would be a better, what would be more useful in this in this case for this hyperlink to read instead of here or whatever
And so that gave me kind of a tour of our entire docs base because I was going through every single page to look at every single hyperlink and say, okay, so what would be what would be is this sufficient or what would be a better, what would be more useful in this in this case for this hyperlink to read instead of here or whatever And so that that turned out to be great. And then from there, we had kind of a we've we pivoted our product a bit. And so it was like, okay, so now we need new docs for this new thing that we're doing. And that meeting is in two days. So yeah
And so that that turned out to be great. And then from there, we had kind of a we've we pivoted our product a bit. And so it was like, okay, so now we need new docs for this new thing that we're doing. And that meeting is in two days. So yeah So yeah. And not I mean, I've done I've done a lot more docs stuff like in the intermeeting time. But in terms of, but that was basically working with refining docs that already existed. Okay
So yeah. And not I mean, I've done I've done a lot more docs stuff like in the intermeeting time. But in terms of, but that was basically working with refining docs that already existed. Okay Okay. And spending a lot of time looking at the docs for other sites actually, Netlify is one of them are really like Netlify's docs. And sort of for two reasons, one is to get inspiration for how to do things and like what looks nice and so on
Okay. And spending a lot of time looking at the docs for other sites actually, Netlify is one of them are really like Netlify's docs. And sort of for two reasons, one is to get inspiration for how to do things and like what looks nice and so on But also, what would people expect? So like if most documentation sites start have like a get started link with like a quick start, then people would expect that. And so you want to have that
But also, what would people expect? So like if most documentation sites start have like a get started link with like a quick start, then people would expect that. And so you want to have that And physically like where is that in the navigation? And usually it'll be like in the left hand navigation, like sidebar, pretty much toward the top, whereas with in my company, we actually had it kind of buried in a in a sub menu
And physically like where is that in the navigation? And usually it'll be like in the left hand navigation, like sidebar, pretty much toward the top, whereas with in my company, we actually had it kind of buried in a in a sub menu So you had to like know which of our projects you wanted to work with before you could get to a quick start. And so that meant you had to you had to understand the differences between these projects and which did what and that kind of stuff
So you had to like know which of our projects you wanted to work with before you could get to a quick start. And so that meant you had to you had to understand the differences between these projects and which did what and that kind of stuff And there were a lot of discussions about naming of things. And so on like things like that. So a lot more sort of philosophical stuff and like little fiddly things that don't feel like it feels sort of like you're just rearranging. I mean, you are actually just rearranging things
And there were a lot of discussions about naming of things. And so on like things like that. So a lot more sort of philosophical stuff and like little fiddly things that don't feel like it feels sort of like you're just rearranging. I mean, you are actually just rearranging things But it's a lot of research into where would people expect to find this information? Where do we currently have this information? And how can I make this information conform to what people would expect? So that they can have the best user experience possible
But it's a lot of research into where would people expect to find this information? Where do we currently have this information? And how can I make this information conform to what people would expect? So that they can have the best user experience possible So I've been doing for the last like six months or so, mostly UX improvements to our docs, not actually so much rewriting the docs as rearranging the information, not just in the sidebar, but like within the pages themselves, just reorganizing the information to make it easier to access both for literal accessibility and just for general
So I've been doing for the last like six months or so, mostly UX improvements to our docs, not actually so much rewriting the docs as rearranging the information, not just in the sidebar, but like within the pages themselves, just reorganizing the information to make it easier to access both for literal accessibility and just for general Where do I, if I landed here, where would I go, where would I think to look? And why am I here? You know? So what would you do to? I guess like how would you choose to organize that? And again, like where did you get your information to
Where do I, if I landed here, where would I go, where would I think to look? And why am I here? You know? So what would you do to? I guess like how would you choose to organize that? And again, like where did you get your information to Like I understand, I guess the part where you're going through and making it more consumable, and I feel like that would have to be a bit more intuitive than anything
Like I understand, I guess the part where you're going through and making it more consumable, and I feel like that would have to be a bit more intuitive than anything And also with the accessibility of the linking and then also like the UX of making sure that it's consumable that way
And also with the accessibility of the linking and then also like the UX of making sure that it's consumable that way But a big part of why I'm asking is when I've had to do videos for companies in the past, people have just been like, hey, I'm going to record the screen grab so to talk you through it, meaning me. And then I have to go re-record it with fanciness and talking through all of it
But a big part of why I'm asking is when I've had to do videos for companies in the past, people have just been like, hey, I'm going to record the screen grab so to talk you through it, meaning me. And then I have to go re-record it with fanciness and talking through all of it So is that kind of how like if somebody hands you a doc that needs updated or if you need something updated or more detail of something
So is that kind of how like if somebody hands you a doc that needs updated or if you need something updated or more detail of something And also I know this is a very multi-faceted question that I kind of think they go together of, does that mean that you have to physically go through the motions of the doc to make sure that the doc is correct? Oh yes
And also I know this is a very multi-faceted question that I kind of think they go together of, does that mean that you have to physically go through the motions of the doc to make sure that the doc is correct? Oh yes Oh yes. Okay. Yeah, so that's sort of what, so that's sort of the other place that I've spent the most, the majority of my time. I did not already know anything about WebAssembly when I joined this company
Oh yes. Okay. Yeah, so that's sort of what, so that's sort of the other place that I've spent the most, the majority of my time. I did not already know anything about WebAssembly when I joined this company So I had to learn about WebAssembly and I had to learn about our product and our product has changed in some pretty fundamental ways and so that has happened more than once where I had to spend some weeks plural just being like, so what are we building
So I had to learn about WebAssembly and I had to learn about our product and our product has changed in some pretty fundamental ways and so that has happened more than once where I had to spend some weeks plural just being like, so what are we building Because if I don't know what it is, good luck people reading the docs written by me
Because if I don't know what it is, good luck people reading the docs written by me So that, so yeah, so when I am writing our docs, I go through, I would link our docs right now so that I could physically show you, but the thing is that the ones that are available are way out of date because we're bringing out, we're bringing out a new thing and so on. So it's too bad
So that, so yeah, so when I am writing our docs, I go through, I would link our docs right now so that I could physically show you, but the thing is that the ones that are available are way out of date because we're bringing out, we're bringing out a new thing and so on. So it's too bad Next in like two or three weeks, then I could show like the differences between what how our docs currently look and function and how our docs now function or then now, so that actually might be a fun thing to do in a few weeks when that's finished as I can show like I think that yeah, because I think like you've given us an idea of like where to start on docs just because I feel like this is a very and y'all I did do a stream many moons ago about docs and with dire taxes, dire oh yeah yeah yeah yeah and that was a pretty cool way of setting this up and I did really enjoy that that stream
Next in like two or three weeks, then I could show like the differences between what how our docs currently look and function and how our docs now function or then now, so that actually might be a fun thing to do in a few weeks when that's finished as I can show like I think that yeah, because I think like you've given us an idea of like where to start on docs just because I feel like this is a very and y'all I did do a stream many moons ago about docs and with dire taxes, dire oh yeah yeah yeah yeah and that was a pretty cool way of setting this up and I did really enjoy that that stream Yeah, I feel like this is something that needs to be done like multiple times because it is such a it is a theoretical, it is as we I said earlier like a bit of intuition at least that's what I feel it is that does we is and then also the practice of what goes into it
Yeah, I feel like this is something that needs to be done like multiple times because it is such a it is a theoretical, it is as we I said earlier like a bit of intuition at least that's what I feel it is that does we is and then also the practice of what goes into it So I feel like this is not going to be the end of the conversation. No, I'm going to link a book called docs for developers which is it's just incredibly helpful for figuring out how to put your documentation together. There are lots of really good books
So I feel like this is not going to be the end of the conversation. No, I'm going to link a book called docs for developers which is it's just incredibly helpful for figuring out how to put your documentation together. There are lots of really good books Actually I have link more okay I'm going to just link yet another blog post. I dig it. Okay, I have another blog post on my favorite technical resources and tech writing in general or specifically
Actually I have link more okay I'm going to just link yet another blog post. I dig it. Okay, I have another blog post on my favorite technical resources and tech writing in general or specifically As a side note, just telling Laura this before we stream next time is Laura we got to get you logged into stream yard at the same time so they post all three. Yeah, how do we okay, I guess we can talk off. Yeah, we'll do that next time
As a side note, just telling Laura this before we stream next time is Laura we got to get you logged into stream yard at the same time so they post all three. Yeah, how do we okay, I guess we can talk off. Yeah, we'll do that next time Because it's rising that you don't have access to it and I'm like oh that's dumb. I need to make sure you have access to it because I'm copying and pasting them. Which is funny, which is fine and I totally dig it. I'm just going oh I probably should have thought about beforehand but that's okay
Because it's rising that you don't have access to it and I'm like oh that's dumb. I need to make sure you have access to it because I'm copying and pasting them. Which is funny, which is fine and I totally dig it. I'm just going oh I probably should have thought about beforehand but that's okay That is totally fine. Yeah, so lots of lots of good books. That one I think is a great place to start docs for developers because it just gives like a really great kind of overview of I mean it's not just an overview it's actually really quite specific. It's just yeah I would consider that
That is totally fine. Yeah, so lots of lots of good books. That one I think is a great place to start docs for developers because it just gives like a really great kind of overview of I mean it's not just an overview it's actually really quite specific. It's just yeah I would consider that So when I I used to homeschool my older kids and in the homeschooling world you very often had something you referred to as a spine and you're like yeah so this is our spine and then we're supplementing with whatever and so like this particular some textbook or book or whatever would be like forming the basis of the content that you were covering for that particular topic and then you'd be bringing in these supplemental resources
So when I I used to homeschool my older kids and in the homeschooling world you very often had something you referred to as a spine and you're like yeah so this is our spine and then we're supplementing with whatever and so like this particular some textbook or book or whatever would be like forming the basis of the content that you were covering for that particular topic and then you'd be bringing in these supplemental resources So I would I consider that my spine the docs for developers book and then everything else sort of comes out like is sort of supplementary to that. The the diataxis method is a strong contender for being like a co-spine but that doesn't really make sense
So I would I consider that my spine the docs for developers book and then everything else sort of comes out like is sort of supplementary to that. The the diataxis method is a strong contender for being like a co-spine but that doesn't really make sense It could you know it would be like connected to being connected at the hips so they have two spine up to two head. Oh there you go they're like simis twins
It could you know it would be like connected to being connected at the hips so they have two spine up to two head. Oh there you go they're like simis twins Yeah yeah yeah also posted and this reminds me of somebody that could be really really good to be on the show is Adam Dewvander because he runs every developer and talks about developer experience and developer marketing and from what I've gathered it's like is so much of developer experience and developer marketing is the docs of how usable they are and um mattering on that like you want to think of that as necessarily marketing yet if you want developers to use your product the first thing they're going to look at is your docs which is yeah um oh Ben has a uh they Ben likes the diataxis system but they think that they're very very consistent that their four categories should never mix or intermingle whereas they prefer to think of them as helpful guidelines that you can break with intent
Yeah yeah yeah also posted and this reminds me of somebody that could be really really good to be on the show is Adam Dewvander because he runs every developer and talks about developer experience and developer marketing and from what I've gathered it's like is so much of developer experience and developer marketing is the docs of how usable they are and um mattering on that like you want to think of that as necessarily marketing yet if you want developers to use your product the first thing they're going to look at is your docs which is yeah um oh Ben has a uh they Ben likes the diataxis system but they think that they're very very consistent that their four categories should never mix or intermingle whereas they prefer to think of them as helpful guidelines that you can break with intent Pretty same uh that's good because I'm not good at like just staying in my lane. I like time rules to break them
Pretty same uh that's good because I'm not good at like just staying in my lane. I like time rules to break them Yeah so I like it to um it's sort of a I a good check for me like okay so is this content should this content be in one of these four categories and I've sort of like for me it's like almost all the time the four categories should be like sacri-saint we'll just keep keep things in the four categories but if there's if there's a good reason for uh straddling a couple of categories then that's okay but it's sort of a an opportunity for me to reflect upon like why do I think that this needs to straddle like that this is a candidate for straddling these two categories and is that like for my benefit because it's easier for me to write it or is it for the user's benefit and if it's for my benefit that's not a good enough reason but if it's for the user's benefit that is a good enough reason and that's kind of my decision boundary
Yeah so I like it to um it's sort of a I a good check for me like okay so is this content should this content be in one of these four categories and I've sort of like for me it's like almost all the time the four categories should be like sacri-saint we'll just keep keep things in the four categories but if there's if there's a good reason for uh straddling a couple of categories then that's okay but it's sort of a an opportunity for me to reflect upon like why do I think that this needs to straddle like that this is a candidate for straddling these two categories and is that like for my benefit because it's easier for me to write it or is it for the user's benefit and if it's for my benefit that's not a good enough reason but if it's for the user's benefit that is a good enough reason and that's kind of my decision boundary Ben do you ever stream you making a doc because I honestly just want to like have one of you stream and talk out loud the process of you making it like I'll co-work with you at the same time so that way I can just like get stuff done because I feel like I started my stream that is exactly what I was going to do the problem was that it we used to be I was what I was documenting was open source and our pivot was too close source so I can't do it
Ben do you ever stream you making a doc because I honestly just want to like have one of you stream and talk out loud the process of you making it like I'll co-work with you at the same time so that way I can just like get stuff done because I feel like I started my stream that is exactly what I was going to do the problem was that it we used to be I was what I was documenting was open source and our pivot was too close source so I can't do it But we still have an open source project and that will be needing some documentation and so that but that's coming the docs for that will get updated after the new docs for the enterprise product are finished
But we still have an open source project and that will be needing some documentation and so that but that's coming the docs for that will get updated after the new docs for the enterprise product are finished So sometime in the next six weeks to eight weeks maybe because of holidays I should be working on the open source docs as well and so those I can stream
So sometime in the next six weeks to eight weeks maybe because of holidays I should be working on the open source docs as well and so those I can stream And I think that would just be yes Ben keep us posted when you return from your hiatus and I think that's like something that I and I'll just selfishly say it that that could be like so helpful is being able to just honestly see how somebody's doing it because that's something that I've noticed quite a bit is people are like yeah I'm gonna do this and go from xyz and I'm like no no there's something yes that was exactly it yeah yeah um I honestly would I would watch it yeah I would I would co-work at the same time well one of you were doing that because you both are entertaining is entertaining still a complement when it comes to streaming um it sounds like the kind of thing that would it depends on who's saying it like um if a British person said it might be an insult but if an American says that it's probably not you're making me think they're making me think and Ben says that they think it is too uh I'm thinking a compliment um because this is something that I think streamers kind of need to have is a bit of entertainment but at the same time like if you're working on something it's harder to be entertaining so that being said if y'all are working and need a co-working person to be the entertainment I volunteer myself so I'll answer the chats and stuff for you so you don't need to or I'll be the one to ask you questions either one I'll volunteer myself because I have random stuff that I'm supposed to be working on like being podcast stuff yeah and really listening to all my own oh Laura I did oh I love that ripple for higher yes um I should get a short says that um that would be fun anyway um okay words thank Jen thank thank thank thank thank this was a serious question too no no it's got a streaming of the docs and co-working and something about the show that I'm oh that is it you thank you thank you we got there do you know how chapters in YouTube I know we talked about this but I just learned this and why I'm not intuitive oh so I have every watch I've done it so I put in chapters that's where I was going with all of that um because somebody actually posted about it on um on Twitter and then I was like yeah it's like not intuitive and they were like yeah uh and then someone else shared it and that's really helpful y'all because you have no idea who I'm talking about so I'm honestly going through my um notifications to see if I can find it again because somebody also shared their workflow as well which I was really excited about um yes copy copy copy but also I need to bookmark this one bookmark bookmark bookmark bookmark bookmark copy link all right um so it's not intuitive at all you actually have to put time codes in the chapters or time codes in the description and you have to start with zero zero as your first one so it knows where the beginning is and I was like that is is that it's not intuitive whatsoever um it kind of makes sense to me um sort of mapping it onto like a like a sidebar actually in the docs because I've spent a lot of time in this in the last like month um there has to be somewhere that you start right yeah and then like from there what are the options and so basically that's what you're creating is a navbar see and that wasn't intuitive to me at all because I am going on the back end y'all really quick if I go into one of these videos and let's say that I want to add um um cards which I think I mean to do answering yeah and then I like can add this or I can add right here this is where I thought you would do it because you have to be on a timeline to be able to do it or add an element I can add a playlist right there um like that is where I thought it would be like that would just like logically make sense to me yep because this is where you put all the other stuff what you're saying also makes sense but not to me in the way you do that's about sure but I now know and I was very excited about that um yeah yeah it should be there should be a tool I think is maybe what I'm getting from what you're saying like instead of manually typing out the timestamps and and so on there should be like a timeline where you're like okay so make this chapter one from then and that would start at 00 and go to whatever here's chapter one and that you're like literally clicking on there's where chapter two begins and click there's where chapter three begins there should be a tool for sure that should be the case but what they suggested in the tweet is from parasocial fix is that they put it in and descript which I think we've talked about on this show before to translate to translate to transcribe and then it's easier to find the text where the segments start and I was like oh this is anyway I'm excited to start adding chapters and tags to them because lives don't add tags if you have um captions turned on in youtube then you can do it all in youtube without using descript does youtube allow you to see it as a full text file because I'm not always I have yet to be successful on exporting my text file for captions um I I mean you can just copy and paste it um um but uh let me see yours I'm just trying to look at one of mine um okay all right um um um um um um um um you know what I could just share my screen and that would be better to do reset just screen why can I not just back and here we lost her she will be back but in the meantime I don't know about y'all but I have been loving Mondays with Laura miscellaneous Mondays I I feel like I always learn way more than I thought imaginable with Laura which is such a good teacher and I I know some people may not consider this a good thing but she also always calls me out of my shit I didn't mean to close that tab that's okay I was just saying that I always have fun with streaming with you and you always call me out of my shit which I really appreciate do I you do in a very kind way oh well that's good I prefer to be kind than not kind of yeah it's a very kind thing I think when people challenge you to be better in a kind way is my way of saying that they call you out on your shit and I appreciate it okay I have your share screen here we go okay so this is my stream from last week with Andy and I'll mute that so that we're not doing double talking here and do we have the captions and then where is it there's a thing where you can see oh show transcript and so it's already got the timestamps and so you can just like literally like click here and it's um already giving you the the the right times so I feel like that would maybe be easier than de-script just because it's literally already in YouTube yeah um and also it's free and I kind of think that de-script is not free for everything you are correct and I am now going and seeing if I can do the same thing you did you're doing I feel like y'all and then you my screen for this one so I'm not sharing it I um I have like just unselected all and copied and pasted this into a text file before um but I don't think I would I think that from my brain anyway this would be a better format than the the the different text file separate text file oh you know what I think I if I remember correctly I also tried this like way too quickly like after the um oh yeah it takes hours for the transcript did you get generated yeah and I think that was it because yeah what you just said worked and um yeah it doesn't let me copy and pay some the easiest but it still does so yeah let me just I'm gonna go verify yep it worked beautifully thank you for showing me your tips and tricks and that helps with uh knowing the exact time code to put as the highlight or the chapters yes well I feel like we talked about a lot today a lot a lot of random things this is why I love this my name yes for sure because it's always learning which is I think also really fun mm-hmm so it's like it's a learning thing and we get to talk about random shit it's like definitely it's all the happiness um oh homie said oh yeah actually brought out hardware yeah homie joined us yay that was super fun yeah yeah yeah he he showed all the do all these different um bits and bits and pieces of different types of hardware and different systems like raspberry pi or microcontrollers and like this is what you can do or an example of a thing you can do with a microcontroller and this is an example of a thing you can do with a raspberry pi and different different cool stuff I love that I love that well cool uh yes yep that is that's a good way of saying it but miss one day tips and tricks you didn't you needed but we'll use today yeah yeah I mean another title that I had I had proposed for this this series was brain dump Mondays and it's it's seeming it's a little bit like um so I have never I I had my first two kids when I was really young and so I never actually attended parties of like the the late teens or the 20s variety kind of thing but I have seen it on television so it must be true right where uh people like dump various kinds of alcohol or whatever into like a bowl and make some kind of kind of thing and I feel that's sort of like what we're doing with our like brain dump Mondays is like we just sort of like everybody dumps their like random facts and tricks in the bowl and then we all get to share except it's not gross yeah I like miss Mondays better than jungle juice y'all I'm just gonna jungle juice I didn't know what had a name yes so yes uh surprisingly helpful ideas and tips you do want to talk about that is a good play on words I like that one especially with the show that it that is fun that is fun yeah um but yeah uh so that's all I had for today is there anything else you wanted to go over today Laura you know I think I had some things in mind last week and uh it just got obliterated by the weekend so uh I get that maybe maybe I will remember and we put it next to the public and then you know like other people can add to it what's that put ideas of us to wrap around Mondays like we can tweet us and then we can we can say we can have like a type form but tweet tweeting would make sense too I mean type form would actually keep it in the right same area I dig it I dig it I'll work on that well thank you everyone and we will see you next week for those in the US I hope you have a good holiday week and yeah we will see you next week yeah bye thanks for draining us oh I wanted to raid I always forget that I want to raid oh yeah raiding is good so let's see if anybody's live right now oh we got all right y'all are being raided see you in a bit or not see you in a bit whatever oh it has the countdown the countdown raid now
And I think that would just be yes Ben keep us posted when you return from your hiatus and I think that's like something that I and I'll just selfishly say it that that could be like so helpful is being able to just honestly see how somebody's doing it because that's something that I've noticed quite a bit is people are like yeah I'm gonna do this and go from xyz and I'm like no no there's something yes that was exactly it yeah yeah um I honestly would I would watch it yeah I would I would co-work at the same time well one of you were doing that because you both are entertaining is entertaining still a complement when it comes to streaming um it sounds like the kind of thing that would it depends on who's saying it like um if a British person said it might be an insult but if an American says that it's probably not you're making me think they're making me think and Ben says that they think it is too uh I'm thinking a compliment um because this is something that I think streamers kind of need to have is a bit of entertainment but at the same time like if you're working on something it's harder to be entertaining so that being said if y'all are working and need a co-working person to be the entertainment I volunteer myself so I'll answer the chats and stuff for you so you don't need to or I'll be the one to ask you questions either one I'll volunteer myself because I have random stuff that I'm supposed to be working on like being podcast stuff yeah and really listening to all my own oh Laura I did oh I love that ripple for higher yes um I should get a short says that um that would be fun anyway um okay words thank Jen thank thank thank thank thank this was a serious question too no no it's got a streaming of the docs and co-working and something about the show that I'm oh that is it you thank you thank you we got there do you know how chapters in YouTube I know we talked about this but I just learned this and why I'm not intuitive oh so I have every watch I've done it so I put in chapters that's where I was going with all of that um because somebody actually posted about it on um on Twitter and then I was like yeah it's like not intuitive and they were like yeah uh and then someone else shared it and that's really helpful y'all because you have no idea who I'm talking about so I'm honestly going through my um notifications to see if I can find it again because somebody also shared their workflow as well which I was really excited about um yes copy copy copy but also I need to bookmark this one bookmark bookmark bookmark bookmark bookmark copy link all right um so it's not intuitive at all you actually have to put time codes in the chapters or time codes in the description and you have to start with zero zero as your first one so it knows where the beginning is and I was like that is is that it's not intuitive whatsoever um it kind of makes sense to me um sort of mapping it onto like a like a sidebar actually in the docs because I've spent a lot of time in this in the last like month um there has to be somewhere that you start right yeah and then like from there what are the options and so basically that's what you're creating is a navbar see and that wasn't intuitive to me at all because I am going on the back end y'all really quick if I go into one of these videos and let's say that I want to add um um cards which I think I mean to do answering yeah and then I like can add this or I can add right here this is where I thought you would do it because you have to be on a timeline to be able to do it or add an element I can add a playlist right there um like that is where I thought it would be like that would just like logically make sense to me yep because this is where you put all the other stuff what you're saying also makes sense but not to me in the way you do that's about sure but I now know and I was very excited about that um yeah yeah it should be there should be a tool I think is maybe what I'm getting from what you're saying like instead of manually typing out the timestamps and and so on there should be like a timeline where you're like okay so make this chapter one from then and that would start at 00 and go to whatever here's chapter one and that you're like literally clicking on there's where chapter two begins and click there's where chapter three begins there should be a tool for sure that should be the case but what they suggested in the tweet is from parasocial fix is that they put it in and descript which I think we've talked about on this show before to translate to translate to transcribe and then it's easier to find the text where the segments start and I was like oh this is anyway I'm excited to start adding chapters and tags to them because lives don't add tags if you have um captions turned on in youtube then you can do it all in youtube without using descript does youtube allow you to see it as a full text file because I'm not always I have yet to be successful on exporting my text file for captions um I I mean you can just copy and paste it um um but uh let me see yours I'm just trying to look at one of mine um okay all right um um um um um um um um you know what I could just share my screen and that would be better to do reset just screen why can I not just back and here we lost her she will be back but in the meantime I don't know about y'all but I have been loving Mondays with Laura miscellaneous Mondays I I feel like I always learn way more than I thought imaginable with Laura which is such a good teacher and I I know some people may not consider this a good thing but she also always calls me out of my shit I didn't mean to close that tab that's okay I was just saying that I always have fun with streaming with you and you always call me out of my shit which I really appreciate do I you do in a very kind way oh well that's good I prefer to be kind than not kind of yeah it's a very kind thing I think when people challenge you to be better in a kind way is my way of saying that they call you out on your shit and I appreciate it okay I have your share screen here we go okay so this is my stream from last week with Andy and I'll mute that so that we're not doing double talking here and do we have the captions and then where is it there's a thing where you can see oh show transcript and so it's already got the timestamps and so you can just like literally like click here and it's um already giving you the the the right times so I feel like that would maybe be easier than de-script just because it's literally already in YouTube yeah um and also it's free and I kind of think that de-script is not free for everything you are correct and I am now going and seeing if I can do the same thing you did you're doing I feel like y'all and then you my screen for this one so I'm not sharing it I um I have like just unselected all and copied and pasted this into a text file before um but I don't think I would I think that from my brain anyway this would be a better format than the the the different text file separate text file oh you know what I think I if I remember correctly I also tried this like way too quickly like after the um oh yeah it takes hours for the transcript did you get generated yeah and I think that was it because yeah what you just said worked and um yeah it doesn't let me copy and pay some the easiest but it still does so yeah let me just I'm gonna go verify yep it worked beautifully thank you for showing me your tips and tricks and that helps with uh knowing the exact time code to put as the highlight or the chapters yes well I feel like we talked about a lot today a lot a lot of random things this is why I love this my name yes for sure because it's always learning which is I think also really fun mm-hmm so it's like it's a learning thing and we get to talk about random shit it's like definitely it's all the happiness um oh homie said oh yeah actually brought out hardware yeah homie joined us yay that was super fun yeah yeah yeah he he showed all the do all these different um bits and bits and pieces of different types of hardware and different systems like raspberry pi or microcontrollers and like this is what you can do or an example of a thing you can do with a microcontroller and this is an example of a thing you can do with a raspberry pi and different different cool stuff I love that I love that well cool uh yes yep that is that's a good way of saying it but miss one day tips and tricks you didn't you needed but we'll use today yeah yeah I mean another title that I had I had proposed for this this series was brain dump Mondays and it's it's seeming it's a little bit like um so I have never I I had my first two kids when I was really young and so I never actually attended parties of like the the late teens or the 20s variety kind of thing but I have seen it on television so it must be true right where uh people like dump various kinds of alcohol or whatever into like a bowl and make some kind of kind of thing and I feel that's sort of like what we're doing with our like brain dump Mondays is like we just sort of like everybody dumps their like random facts and tricks in the bowl and then we all get to share except it's not gross yeah I like miss Mondays better than jungle juice y'all I'm just gonna jungle juice I didn't know what had a name yes so yes uh surprisingly helpful ideas and tips you do want to talk about that is a good play on words I like that one especially with the show that it that is fun that is fun yeah um but yeah uh so that's all I had for today is there anything else you wanted to go over today Laura you know I think I had some things in mind last week and uh it just got obliterated by the weekend so uh I get that maybe maybe I will remember and we put it next to the public and then you know like other people can add to it what's that put ideas of us to wrap around Mondays like we can tweet us and then we can we can say we can have like a type form but tweet tweeting would make sense too I mean type form would actually keep it in the right same area I dig it I dig it I'll work on that well thank you everyone and we will see you next week for those in the US I hope you have a good holiday week and yeah we will see you next week yeah bye thanks for draining us oh I wanted to raid I always forget that I want to raid oh yeah raiding is good so let's see if anybody's live right now oh we got all right y'all are being raided see you in a bit or not see you in a bit whatever oh it has the countdown the countdown raid now