Hello, hello beautiful humans. Welcome to another episode of Teach Gen Tech. Today we have Nick here and Nick, what are we going to be talking about today? Yeah, yeah, we're going to be talking about browser dev tools We'll be looking at the browser dev tools in like a chromium based browser, but these tools also exist in Firefox as well. There's some dev tooling in Safari as well. It's not as feature rich yet from what I've seen, but if you have Firefox as well, we can take a peek at that if you want to, too
We'll be looking at the browser dev tools in like a chromium based browser, but these tools also exist in Firefox as well. There's some dev tooling in Safari as well. It's not as feature rich yet from what I've seen, but if you have Firefox as well, we can take a peek at that if you want to, too But yeah, it's just going to be. There's so much in browser dev tooling, so it's going to kind of be like a whirlwind tour, but hopefully some of the things that we look at, they can be hopefully helpful to folks that are checking out the stream. There's just a lot of cool stuff you can do in it
But yeah, it's just going to be. There's so much in browser dev tooling, so it's going to kind of be like a whirlwind tour, but hopefully some of the things that we look at, they can be hopefully helpful to folks that are checking out the stream. There's just a lot of cool stuff you can do in it And I've seen it happen multiple times when I'm either pairing with somebody or like in my virtual coffee community, I mentioned something and they're like, what, you can do that
And I've seen it happen multiple times when I'm either pairing with somebody or like in my virtual coffee community, I mentioned something and they're like, what, you can do that And it's like, so yeah, so yeah, we're just going to take a peek under the hood of what browser dev tools can use to help us be better devs potentially or at least give us more tools to see kind of what's going on. Yay. And thank you. And what up, Ben? What up, homey? Yeah, that's good people. Yes
And it's like, so yeah, so yeah, we're just going to take a peek under the hood of what browser dev tools can use to help us be better devs potentially or at least give us more tools to see kind of what's going on. Yay. And thank you. And what up, Ben? What up, homey? Yeah, that's good people. Yes Yes. And y'all, I'm pretty excited about this because I did not realize that I somehow have invited three Netlify people on my stream without realizing it. They were all for very different reasons. So, um, and the only person that we're actually ended up talking about Netlify was Jason. So, yeah
Yes. And y'all, I'm pretty excited about this because I did not realize that I somehow have invited three Netlify people on my stream without realizing it. They were all for very different reasons. So, um, and the only person that we're actually ended up talking about Netlify was Jason. So, yeah So, yeah. Well, I can give a shout out. Here you go. Yeah. Oh, that's cool. That's a good one. That's good one. All right. So I know that we talked about doing the getting another browser. So we, you know, yeah
So, yeah. Well, I can give a shout out. Here you go. Yeah. Oh, that's cool. That's a good one. That's good one. All right. So I know that we talked about doing the getting another browser. So we, you know, yeah So, yeah, if you want to go ahead and share your screen, you can just open up, but I don't know what you use for your browser, whether it's Chrome or Edge or I'm using a newer browser that's Chromian based called arc still kind of invite only mode, who let the dogs out. There we go. Yeah. Okay
So, yeah, if you want to go ahead and share your screen, you can just open up, but I don't know what you use for your browser, whether it's Chrome or Edge or I'm using a newer browser that's Chromian based called arc still kind of invite only mode, who let the dogs out. There we go. Yeah. Okay Yeah. Okay. She needs to make an appearance. She is back here being a very, very sassy pants. Um, so she doesn't decide to do that the entire stream. And hello, Jay
Yeah. Okay. She needs to make an appearance. She is back here being a very, very sassy pants. Um, so she doesn't decide to do that the entire stream. And hello, Jay And hello, Jay. Well, I'll tell you a funny story when I, because I used to work at Dev2, like I was telling you before the stream and, and I used to stream with my coworker Christina Gordon. She's working at AWS now, but, um, she lives in Costa Rica
And hello, Jay. Well, I'll tell you a funny story when I, because I used to work at Dev2, like I was telling you before the stream and, and I used to stream with my coworker Christina Gordon. She's working at AWS now, but, um, she lives in Costa Rica And, you know, her kids were always trying to break into her office during the stream. But also because she lives in Costa Rica, there's lots of animals there, including sloths. And then we had one stream. And she's like, sorry, I got to go for like five minutes. There's a sloth in my driveway
And, you know, her kids were always trying to break into her office during the stream. But also because she lives in Costa Rica, there's lots of animals there, including sloths. And then we had one stream. And she's like, sorry, I got to go for like five minutes. There's a sloth in my driveway So we took a sloth break. I filled in while she was gone. But, uh, just like, all that says, like, one of the reasons why I like streaming is because it's expected that it won't be perfect. You know, whether you're live coding or, you know, your audio goes off
So we took a sloth break. I filled in while she was gone. But, uh, just like, all that says, like, one of the reasons why I like streaming is because it's expected that it won't be perfect. You know, whether you're live coding or, you know, your audio goes off Like, I know you've been streaming for a while now. I know when I first started streaming, like, I'm pretty extroverted. So I'm comfortable just talking to people and, and just even though I can't see anybody aside yourself
Like, I know you've been streaming for a while now. I know when I first started streaming, like, I'm pretty extroverted. So I'm comfortable just talking to people and, and just even though I can't see anybody aside yourself But the things that would stress me out are like, is the audio working, is the video working because like I'm by no means an AV person. So I know minimal stuff. And I remember in the early days of my streaming, you know, like the audio is just not working. And I had no idea
But the things that would stress me out are like, is the audio working, is the video working because like I'm by no means an AV person. So I know minimal stuff. And I remember in the early days of my streaming, you know, like the audio is just not working. And I had no idea And I had no idea. And I'm trying to, you know, be all cool on stream. Yeah, just a minute. And so those are those are the things that stress me out. But I've got a lot of that stuff automated now. So which we can talk on attention later about that. If you want to extend that stuff
And I had no idea. And I'm trying to, you know, be all cool on stream. Yeah, just a minute. And so those are those are the things that stress me out. But I've got a lot of that stuff automated now. So which we can talk on attention later about that. If you want to extend that stuff Like there was so much automation that Jason talked about. I'm like, do that is so cool. Yes, please. That is definitely. And just for everybody listening and tuning in. Because you all know about it. And this is Nick's first time on the show. I run late for everything
Like there was so much automation that Jason talked about. I'm like, do that is so cool. Yes, please. That is definitely. And just for everybody listening and tuning in. Because you all know about it. And this is Nick's first time on the show. I run late for everything And so yes, today I ran late as normal. And I forgot my tea somewhere. I couldn't find it. So I was just like, you know what? We're just not going to worry about it. It's just not going to happen today. But yeah
And so yes, today I ran late as normal. And I forgot my tea somewhere. I couldn't find it. So I was just like, you know what? We're just not going to worry about it. It's just not going to happen today. But yeah But yeah. All right, I have my browser and the only bit of like browser console, rev tool stuff that I've done that I specifically remember is doing the with quick when. I've seen just like the network side of things and how quickly it was. Okay, yeah. Yeah, I know
But yeah. All right, I have my browser and the only bit of like browser console, rev tool stuff that I've done that I specifically remember is doing the with quick when. I've seen just like the network side of things and how quickly it was. Okay, yeah. Yeah, I know Yeah, I know. But that was like my fifth stream. So I didn't know what I was doing. And. Yeah, I know. How good for the follow. So I know it's like, is it inspect? So that's how you can start off. Yeah, I guess the Google main page is let's let's go to like an app. Well, this isn't a web page
Yeah, I know. But that was like my fifth stream. So I didn't know what I was doing. And. Yeah, I know. How good for the follow. So I know it's like, is it inspect? So that's how you can start off. Yeah, I guess the Google main page is let's let's go to like an app. Well, this isn't a web page But let's go to, I don't know, something like the can, a home or the Twitter or something. Wherever you want to go. So. So like, like you did there, like we'll start off with some basics here just for folks who might be new to using the dev tools. So there's a few ways you can open them
But let's go to, I don't know, something like the can, a home or the Twitter or something. Wherever you want to go. So. So like, like you did there, like we'll start off with some basics here just for folks who might be new to using the dev tools. So there's a few ways you can open them You can do what you just did there, which was you right clicked and you said inspect and then that inspects the current element that you selected. So the browser shortcuts you can use. You can do. If you're on a Mac, you can do command shift I and not a open up the browser dev tools
You can do what you just did there, which was you right clicked and you said inspect and then that inspects the current element that you selected. So the browser shortcuts you can use. You can do. If you're on a Mac, you can do command shift I and not a open up the browser dev tools If you're on a non Mac computer, Linux or Windows, you can do control shift I. It might it might not be set up your mail shortcut might be set up to do that. It's possible. Yeah, I think you're set up for that for some reason. I think I might have turned that off
If you're on a non Mac computer, Linux or Windows, you can do control shift I. It might it might not be set up your mail shortcut might be set up to do that. It's possible. Yeah, I think you're set up for that for some reason. I think I might have turned that off I'm like, but also depending on other shortcuts, you can use F12 to open it. If you don't have your F your F keys set up because F12 by default on Mac is set to volume. Yeah, I was like, I don't think I have these. I don't know. Yeah, yeah, but the yeah, exactly
I'm like, but also depending on other shortcuts, you can use F12 to open it. If you don't have your F your F keys set up because F12 by default on Mac is set to volume. Yeah, I was like, I don't think I have these. I don't know. Yeah, yeah, but the yeah, exactly We can we can go look at that after, but because we're going to talk about debugging some JavaScript at some point and using the F keys to debug through things like stepping through code is handy. You can use the UI as well, like clicking the play button or the next arrows and stuff, but
We can we can go look at that after, but because we're going to talk about debugging some JavaScript at some point and using the F keys to debug through things like stepping through code is handy. You can use the UI as well, like clicking the play button or the next arrows and stuff, but But yeah, so let's let's open up the browser dev tools again. And you all this is a big reason that I asked Nick to be on the stream is I hear this term debugging debugging. It's a thing. It is a thing. I don't know what it is
But yeah, so let's let's open up the browser dev tools again. And you all this is a big reason that I asked Nick to be on the stream is I hear this term debugging debugging. It's a thing. It is a thing. I don't know what it is Yeah, so in like general idea, I'm like, oh, you go find issues and try to fix them. I think that's what it means
Yeah, so in like general idea, I'm like, oh, you go find issues and try to fix them. I think that's what it means Yeah, well, yeah, the term debugging just means I know I've said this multiple times to people, but being a dev is like being a detective, you know, you're just trying to crack the case, you know, like what's going on
Yeah, well, yeah, the term debugging just means I know I've said this multiple times to people, but being a dev is like being a detective, you know, you're just trying to crack the case, you know, like what's going on So so debugging is kind of like a set of skills, but there's actually something in terms of JavaScript and not just JavaScript, but other languages too. Like you can have an actual debugger, which is something that allows you to go into the code. You can actually stop the program
So so debugging is kind of like a set of skills, but there's actually something in terms of JavaScript and not just JavaScript, but other languages too. Like you can have an actual debugger, which is something that allows you to go into the code. You can actually stop the program You can see like what's the current state of things like, okay, what's this variable set to you and so on. We'll definitely get to that stuff too. But yeah, we're going to kind of, we're kind of ratchet it up a bit. I guess we'll start off slow and then we'll just kind of dig into stuff
You can see like what's the current state of things like, okay, what's this variable set to you and so on. We'll definitely get to that stuff too. But yeah, we're going to kind of, we're kind of ratchet it up a bit. I guess we'll start off slow and then we'll just kind of dig into stuff And there's so much stuff in here like I was saying. So it's it's kind of going to be like a whirlwind tour. But if you do have like more questions outside of what we cover, definitely drop me a message or hit up Jen after. I'm just dropping my website here
And there's so much stuff in here like I was saying. So it's it's kind of going to be like a whirlwind tour. But if you do have like more questions outside of what we cover, definitely drop me a message or hit up Jen after. I'm just dropping my website here You can pretty much find me in all the places on there. And and I still don't know how I snagged that domain name, but that's another thing. But yeah, oh yeah, sorry. Yeah, can you zoom in the console? Yeah. So if you yeah. Let me kick the dog out really quick. BRB. Yeah, no problem. Yeah
You can pretty much find me in all the places on there. And and I still don't know how I snagged that domain name, but that's another thing. But yeah, oh yeah, sorry. Yeah, can you zoom in the console? Yeah. So if you yeah. Let me kick the dog out really quick. BRB. Yeah, no problem. Yeah Yeah. So BRB, BRB. I don't know if there is a dog command. I don't know Ryan. There is. I don't know if it's a dog command or a kionic command. Okay, okay. I just have the cat open. Yeah, I feel like we should do a dog command. Oh, there you go. It is. Okay. Cool. Yeah, I know
Yeah. So BRB, BRB. I don't know if there is a dog command. I don't know Ryan. There is. I don't know if it's a dog command or a kionic command. Okay, okay. I just have the cat open. Yeah, I feel like we should do a dog command. Oh, there you go. It is. Okay. Cool. Yeah, I know Cool. Yeah, I know. I'm not I'm not looking at the video of Twitch. I just have the pop out of the chat. So. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I see Anthony here too. Okay, let me zoom in. Maybe. Yeah, like just command plus a few times if you want. Yeah, perfect. Okay. Yeah
Cool. Yeah, I know. I'm not I'm not looking at the video of Twitch. I just have the pop out of the chat. So. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I see Anthony here too. Okay, let me zoom in. Maybe. Yeah, like just command plus a few times if you want. Yeah, perfect. Okay. Yeah Okay. Yeah. And you can you can make the dev tools the biggest part. So a few things before we even start looking at the dev tool. So I mentioned a few shortcuts. How you can open them. There's also settings. So if you click on the little cog icon at the top right, it's two to the left of the X
Okay. Yeah. And you can you can make the dev tools the biggest part. So a few things before we even start looking at the dev tool. So I mentioned a few shortcuts. How you can open them. There's also settings. So if you click on the little cog icon at the top right, it's two to the left of the X So there's a few things here. Some stuff. So little newer. It's been around for a while. I think, but you can do theming to you. So like you can have custom themes with an extension, but if you go to the theme there, you can choose light or dark. I'm typically on dark, I think
So there's a few things here. Some stuff. So little newer. It's been around for a while. I think, but you can do theming to you. So like you can have custom themes with an extension, but if you go to the theme there, you can choose light or dark. I'm typically on dark, I think There's a few other things in here that are helpful to whenever I'm working on a website. In the past, I used to run into caching issues all the time because like you're editing something and you're not seeing the changes. So there's actually a very useful feature in the network on the right there
There's a few other things in here that are helpful to whenever I'm working on a website. In the past, I used to run into caching issues all the time because like you're editing something and you're not seeing the changes. So there's actually a very useful feature in the network on the right there It's the fourth check box down. It says disable cache. While the dev tools are open. So what this does is if you don't have the dev tools open your your sites behaving with whatever normal caching. But if for some reason you just don't want the cash happening, you can have that checked off
It's the fourth check box down. It says disable cache. While the dev tools are open. So what this does is if you don't have the dev tools open your your sites behaving with whatever normal caching. But if for some reason you just don't want the cash happening, you can have that checked off And I have that on by default. I have a lot of time when I actually need to test if something's actually caching so then I'll uncheck it. But in general, I have that set. So these there's a bunch of settings in here, but that's just one I like to have on. Oh, cool
And I have that on by default. I have a lot of time when I actually need to test if something's actually caching so then I'll uncheck it. But in general, I have that set. So these there's a bunch of settings in here, but that's just one I like to have on. Oh, cool Oh, cool. I think you started a new job in January. Awesome. You can have to tell me. Like, it's it's it's you guys are popping over there like chatting a lot. I'm excited because. And it's like everybody that's been on the stream before or hangs out with. So I'm excited. It's a reunion
Oh, cool. I think you started a new job in January. Awesome. You can have to tell me. Like, it's it's it's you guys are popping over there like chatting a lot. I'm excited because. And it's like everybody that's been on the stream before or hangs out with. So I'm excited. It's a reunion It's a reunion. Yeah, congrats Anthony. Okay. So all let's say there's like a ton of settings in here. I'm not going to go through all of them. That's one that I do like to have on. So we can go ahead and close that if you just click on the X on the top right there
It's a reunion. Yeah, congrats Anthony. Okay. So all let's say there's like a ton of settings in here. I'm not going to go through all of them. That's one that I do like to have on. So we can go ahead and close that if you just click on the X on the top right there And we'll go through some more some other basic things too. If you click on the three dots just to the left of the X in the top right of the dev tools. There's a three dots icon. I was like, I was thinking where it was. I'm like, you said words. It's not clicking
And we'll go through some more some other basic things too. If you click on the three dots just to the left of the X in the top right of the dev tools. There's a three dots icon. I was like, I was thinking where it was. I'm like, you said words. It's not clicking It's not clicking. So I typically like to have the browser dev tools at the bottom. I have a bigger screen. So you can you can do that. But if you click on those three dots again, there's there's many ways you can have them. You can even have it pop out
It's not clicking. So I typically like to have the browser dev tools at the bottom. I have a bigger screen. So you can you can do that. But if you click on those three dots again, there's there's many ways you can have them. You can even have it pop out So if you click on the first one, which is the two squares. It pops it out in a separate window. And this this is just really a preference thing. You know, so like you might like it popped out. You might like it to the right to the left
So if you click on the first one, which is the two squares. It pops it out in a separate window. And this this is just really a preference thing. You know, so like you might like it popped out. You might like it to the right to the left So it's just this is just kind of warming up with the dev tools, you know, just kind of showing you like how you can lay things out. Yeah. Okay, cool. So so we've got that now. So now let's let's go into can vote like let's right click on what will you design today there
So it's just this is just kind of warming up with the dev tools, you know, just kind of showing you like how you can lay things out. Yeah. Okay, cool. So so we've got that now. So now let's let's go into can vote like let's right click on what will you design today there And just in the in the actual website. So like if you just yeah right click inspects. It'll bring us to that element, which is down there. So a few things to take a peek at. You'll see that it's using Flexbox. So it's got this little pill icon says Flex beside the div there at the bottom
And just in the in the actual website. So like if you just yeah right click inspects. It'll bring us to that element, which is down there. So a few things to take a peek at. You'll see that it's using Flexbox. So it's got this little pill icon says Flex beside the div there at the bottom And if you click on that, you're going to see all of a sudden it gives you this outline and shows you how the flex is set up and stuff. So this is this could be handy if you're just trying to see like how things were laid out
And if you click on that, you're going to see all of a sudden it gives you this outline and shows you how the flex is set up and stuff. So this is this could be handy if you're just trying to see like how things were laid out We're going to talk more about the CSS stuff on the right there in a bit. But for now, if you go to the display flex, which you see in the first CSS class there, you're going to see there's like six little rectangles beside the word flex on the far right in the other panel
We're going to talk more about the CSS stuff on the right there in a bit. But for now, if you go to the display flex, which you see in the first CSS class there, you're going to see there's like six little rectangles beside the word flex on the far right in the other panel Oh, I'm going to pause this really quick and that's not what I meant to go to
Oh, I'm going to pause this really quick and that's not what I meant to go to I would have my website actually because I don't help me understand because the way square space has stuff stuff set up and then also because we talked about wanting to build the website with like netlify and stuff like that that just kind of like some of the differences are and has this build
I would have my website actually because I don't help me understand because the way square space has stuff stuff set up and then also because we talked about wanting to build the website with like netlify and stuff like that that just kind of like some of the differences are and has this build So I want to. Yeah, so you can and you can you can make your browser as big as you want there and maybe zoom in the dev tools again just once I think we'll see what people say in the chat there, but I think zooming it up one moral be good
So I want to. Yeah, so you can and you can you can make your browser as big as you want there and maybe zoom in the dev tools again just once I think we'll see what people say in the chat there, but I think zooming it up one moral be good Okay, so yeah, so let's inspect hello beautiful human there, so you're going to see it's got the elements selected. Okay, you have one with flex there let's click on the flex one there just like for above
Okay, so yeah, so let's inspect hello beautiful human there, so you're going to see it's got the elements selected. Okay, you have one with flex there let's click on the flex one there just like for above Okay, so now if you look on the right there in the styles, if you make that panel on the right a little bigger if you just stretch it out. Britney saying maybe if I pop it out. Yeah, sure, make it a little easier to give me. Moments
Okay, so now if you look on the right there in the styles, if you make that panel on the right a little bigger if you just stretch it out. Britney saying maybe if I pop it out. Yeah, sure, make it a little easier to give me. Moments Moments. Switch it up some what is this fast scrolling thing that's not stopping. It's a it's a new feature it shows you the full thing that's selected I think
Moments. Switch it up some what is this fast scrolling thing that's not stopping. It's a it's a new feature it shows you the full thing that's selected I think Yeah, so the so the website itself doesn't need to be that big, but we can stretch out the browser dev tools a bit bigger and maybe zoom in one more time in the browser dev tools. Yeah, if you just come out. Okay, perfect. Okay, so let's select that flex thing and
Yeah, so the so the website itself doesn't need to be that big, but we can stretch out the browser dev tools a bit bigger and maybe zoom in one more time in the browser dev tools. Yeah, if you just come out. Okay, perfect. Okay, so let's select that flex thing and Yeah, so like you see it's it's got a border and that can help you show what the layout is, but if you go into the bottom part if you stretch up the bottom panel a little bit. And find the CSS class that has that flex it's one of the classes in here. I'm not sure which one
Yeah, so like you see it's it's got a border and that can help you show what the layout is, but if you go into the bottom part if you stretch up the bottom panel a little bit. And find the CSS class that has that flex it's one of the classes in here. I'm not sure which one If you scroll down a bit there's okay there so page section where it says display flex in the CSS class there. It's the bottom CSS class in the panel. So you're going to see beside display flex it's you've got this little icon with six rectangles. So if you click on that
If you scroll down a bit there's okay there so page section where it says display flex in the CSS class there. It's the bottom CSS class in the panel. So you're going to see beside display flex it's you've got this little icon with six rectangles. So if you click on that All of a sudden you can start you like say say you're new to flex or even if you already know flex you're just like it's not doing what I want to do. You can literally start clicking and these are all the flex properties for that particular class or that particular element that's using this class
All of a sudden you can start you like say say you're new to flex or even if you already know flex you're just like it's not doing what I want to do. You can literally start clicking and these are all the flex properties for that particular class or that particular element that's using this class And you can just start clicking on those things to say like okay, what's it look like this, what if I change the column direction to you know to a column sorry flex direction a column instead of row and stuff. And I think in this particular class you only have one thing in there
And you can just start clicking on those things to say like okay, what's it look like this, what if I change the column direction to you know to a column sorry flex direction a column instead of row and stuff. And I think in this particular class you only have one thing in there But if you had something with more than one item you would see these things happen. So you could see it like if it by default flex direction is row so it would be one after the other and it can wrap
But if you had something with more than one item you would see these things happen. So you could see it like if it by default flex direction is row so it would be one after the other and it can wrap But if you wanted to have flex direction column they would be stacked kind of so this is just like a handy little tool for you while you're in the browser to go like okay well let me try this out and see what this looks like and stuff
But if you wanted to have flex direction column they would be stacked kind of so this is just like a handy little tool for you while you're in the browser to go like okay well let me try this out and see what this looks like and stuff And once you're like okay that looks good you can actually highlight you can select the entire CSS class there like like if you just click and drag like the contents there like even though their check boxes
And once you're like okay that looks good you can actually highlight you can select the entire CSS class there like like if you just click and drag like the contents there like even though their check boxes If you need to highlight the whole thing and then you could go ahead and paste that back into your your stuff if you wanted to
If you need to highlight the whole thing and then you could go ahead and paste that back into your your stuff if you wanted to So it's kind of like it's kind of like an in place way to kind of you know have some fun with the with the CSS there it's it kind of figure out how you want to have things. You can also add new properties in there too
So it's kind of like it's kind of like an in place way to kind of you know have some fun with the with the CSS there it's it kind of figure out how you want to have things. You can also add new properties in there too So like if you click yeah exactly so you could just I don't know if you can do that and it did it. It's it's AI it's it's it's a GitHub Chrome pilot or something I don't know okay but you could like for example you could say background dash color and then you could say red for example
So like if you click yeah exactly so you could just I don't know if you can do that and it did it. It's it's AI it's it's it's a GitHub Chrome pilot or something I don't know okay but you could like for example you could say background dash color and then you could say red for example And if you want to add the actual value you just click tab once you're done and then you can type red or you've got a list already so pick whatever and you're going to see once you click out of there it should change it
And if you want to add the actual value you just click tab once you're done and then you can type red or you've got a list already so pick whatever and you're going to see once you click out of there it should change it Depending where it is you might have other stuff that's their CSS specificity so it might actually not do it but. But basically you can come in here and you can start editing the CSS that way too which can be interesting
Depending where it is you might have other stuff that's their CSS specificity so it might actually not do it but. But basically you can come in here and you can start editing the CSS that way too which can be interesting The other thing is we'll get back to inspecting the elements in a bit but since we're in the CSS stuff here already if you bring the DevTools back to focus here
The other thing is we'll get back to inspecting the elements in a bit but since we're in the CSS stuff here already if you bring the DevTools back to focus here So we have the styles like if you look in this panel you'll see at the top it says styles computed layout etc so styles are what classes or what CSS rules and properties are there but say you're like okay I set my page section color to paragraph medium color that you're you're variable there you're like why is that why is that not showing up so like for example
So we have the styles like if you look in this panel you'll see at the top it says styles computed layout etc so styles are what classes or what CSS rules and properties are there but say you're like okay I set my page section color to paragraph medium color that you're you're variable there you're like why is that why is that not showing up so like for example Let's see if we can add let's see what can we add well let's go first to the computed tab which is the one beside the styles so here there's a few things you can kind of see the layout so it shows you like the margin the border the padding and then the actual content and stuff but the thing that that's important to note here is on the bottom you're going to see all the CSS properties that are set on that particular element
Let's see if we can add let's see what can we add well let's go first to the computed tab which is the one beside the styles so here there's a few things you can kind of see the layout so it shows you like the margin the border the padding and then the actual content and stuff but the thing that that's important to note here is on the bottom you're going to see all the CSS properties that are set on that particular element And so like say for example the background color which is some kind of reddish orange right now you're like why is it that color you know like I set my background color to blue or something if you click on the arrow beside the background color on the left of it it's going to open up a little details panel
And so like say for example the background color which is some kind of reddish orange right now you're like why is it that color you know like I set my background color to blue or something if you click on the arrow beside the background color on the left of it it's going to open up a little details panel Oh sorry not that arrow but that arrow actually brings you to where it's actually set
Oh sorry not that arrow but that arrow actually brings you to where it's actually set Okay, but if you click on the arrow beside it here yeah yeah okay so you're like so like say because there's something called CSS specificity so some things can override what you actually set because they're more important so you're like okay why is my background color coral and then when you open that it shows you why it's that color and where it's going to be
Okay, but if you click on the arrow beside it here yeah yeah okay so you're like so like say because there's something called CSS specificity so some things can override what you actually set because they're more important so you're like okay why is my background color coral and then when you open that it shows you why it's that color and where it's going to be So you can see the color and where it is because you could have like two competing styles set and for whatever reason one is winning over the other and this is CSS specificity if you folks want to Google that if you're not familiar with it but I can drop a link to that if not
So you can see the color and where it is because you could have like two competing styles set and for whatever reason one is winning over the other and this is CSS specificity if you folks want to Google that if you're not familiar with it but I can drop a link to that if not So this is a good way to see like okay this is the actual style for this particular element and this is why these things are being set this way and like you did with the little arrow before it if you click on page section I believe it'll go to it again yeah so it's got the arrow there
So this is a good way to see like okay this is the actual style for this particular element and this is why these things are being set this way and like you did with the little arrow before it if you click on page section I believe it'll go to it again yeah so it's got the arrow there Okay so what you could do is so right now you see there's color and page section and then you have another class
Okay so what you could do is so right now you see there's color and page section and then you have another class And then there's a section and so you can see a couple things here I'm trying to see if we can add something to just kind of demonstrate this but you should be able to add just a style to the element like if you scroll up in that panel. Okay yeah yeah go right to the top
And then there's a section and so you can see a couple things here I'm trying to see if we can add something to just kind of demonstrate this but you should be able to add just a style to the element like if you scroll up in that panel. Okay yeah yeah go right to the top Okay yeah in element style so element style is like this is going to be something that's called in line style so let's add a new property in here and let's just say color is yellow or something this is a terrible color while yellow on black is pretty good for accessibility but pick pick anything honestly
Okay yeah in element style so element style is like this is going to be something that's called in line style so let's add a new property in here and let's just say color is yellow or something this is a terrible color while yellow on black is pretty good for accessibility but pick pick anything honestly I was like try to figure out why yellow wasn't there and then I realized I was like because I need to scroll
I was like try to figure out why yellow wasn't there and then I realized I was like because I need to scroll Okay and before we go back to check that what we are we can come back to it after but you see how there's the little yellow square beside there if you click on that you can actually start selecting colors with a color palette
Okay and before we go back to check that what we are we can come back to it after but you see how there's the little yellow square beside there if you click on that you can actually start selecting colors with a color palette And these are all things that are built into the browser these aren't browser extensions this is native to the browser dev tools so you can do that that way or you can actually put hex numbers in you can also change it to if you click on the two arrows there
And these are all things that are built into the browser these aren't browser extensions this is native to the browser dev tools so you can do that that way or you can actually put hex numbers in you can also change it to if you click on the two arrows there Not there if you check that again you click on the box there's two little arrows there yeah. And then you can change it to RGB like these are just different color formats depending on what you prefer hex is pretty common still but RGB is used a lot tuna
Not there if you check that again you click on the box there's two little arrows there yeah. And then you can change it to RGB like these are just different color formats depending on what you prefer hex is pretty common still but RGB is used a lot tuna Cool so okay all right so what we've done here now if we just click out here you're going to see that the color set to some kind of teal or aqua marine and we still have our color if we scroll down in your page section CSS class you're going to see
Cool so okay all right so what we've done here now if we just click out here you're going to see that the color set to some kind of teal or aqua marine and we still have our color if we scroll down in your page section CSS class you're going to see Color okay right away you can see color is it's it's crossed out. Oh yeah and paid second yeah so so this is because of CSS specificity the style we set up top there when you added the that aqua marine color that's an in line style and that takes precedence over a CSS class so
Color okay right away you can see color is it's it's crossed out. Oh yeah and paid second yeah so so this is because of CSS specificity the style we set up top there when you added the that aqua marine color that's an in line style and that takes precedence over a CSS class so So if we go to the computer now like say you're like why is my paragraph medium color not being picked up click on the color here and you're going to see why now if you click on the little arrow to the left of the color. You're going to see oh well it's
So if we go to the computer now like say you're like why is my paragraph medium color not being picked up click on the color here and you're going to see why now if you click on the little arrow to the left of the color. You're going to see oh well it's Is it not opening okay it's getting or if you click on the arrow it's because there's no CSS class click on the arrow and it's going to bring you to and the reason why it's this colors because we've set it in line and that's why the other one isn't set
Is it not opening okay it's getting or if you click on the arrow it's because there's no CSS class click on the arrow and it's going to bring you to and the reason why it's this colors because we've set it in line and that's why the other one isn't set So this can be helpful when you're having CSS specificity issues it's it's very difficult to say that specificity I think I think West boss whenever he says that he always calls it specificity or anyways it's like a running thing like
So this can be helpful when you're having CSS specificity issues it's it's very difficult to say that specificity I think I think West boss whenever he says that he always calls it specificity or anyways it's like a running thing like I'll probably return it so i'm not even going to try yeah i'll let me just find real quick a link to CSS specificity because there's some fun games like there's star wars a star wars reference but
I'll probably return it so i'm not even going to try yeah i'll let me just find real quick a link to CSS specificity because there's some fun games like there's star wars a star wars reference but Our link to the actual mdn here that folks can check out if they want to if they want to read up more on that but basically there's rules so like and like in line style is usually the one that wins out on everything there's also like if you add a
Our link to the actual mdn here that folks can check out if they want to if they want to read up more on that but basically there's rules so like and like in line style is usually the one that wins out on everything there's also like if you add a Explanation mark important on something that can make it more important to you there's a whole set of rules but if you check out yeah it's a game britain that's right
Explanation mark important on something that can make it more important to you there's a whole set of rules but if you check out yeah it's a game britain that's right But if you check out that mdn post i put in there it'll explain it well okay so yeah so that's the kind of that's the right stuff in there see a very quick look. Yeah, you're for the link alright
But if you check out that mdn post i put in there it'll explain it well okay so yeah so that's the kind of that's the right stuff in there see a very quick look. Yeah, you're for the link alright Now if you come back to your website so let's go when you hover over one of your links like your shit you don't want to talk about does it change okay doesn't
Now if you come back to your website so let's go when you hover over one of your links like your shit you don't want to talk about does it change okay doesn't Okay you don't have a hover or anything okay i'm trying to think if okay let's go to my site for a second not because i'm trying to promote it just I know it has links that change so
Okay you don't have a hover or anything okay i'm trying to think if okay let's go to my site for a second not because i'm trying to promote it just I know it has links that change so So if you so if you hover don't click on the links but if in the latest post there if you hover over one you're going to see it gives a an underline so say you're trying to figure out like okay i'm hovering on it and then i want to go to the dev tool so like if you if you go to the dev tools now like yeah you can inspect it you're like okay i'm in the
So if you so if you hover don't click on the links but if in the latest post there if you hover over one you're going to see it gives a an underline so say you're trying to figure out like okay i'm hovering on it and then i want to go to the dev tool so like if you if you go to the dev tools now like yeah you can inspect it you're like okay i'm in the Okay that's one thing that's also different if you pop out you're going to have the dev tools have so many and what i'm 10
Okay that's one thing that's also different if you pop out you're going to have the dev tools have so many and what i'm 10 So one thing here is like say i'm like i want to i want to see what the style is like when i hover over this thing but you just want to go inspect the element and now you don't see my hover effect so what you can do is
So one thing here is like say i'm like i want to i want to see what the style is like when i hover over this thing but you just want to go inspect the element and now you don't see my hover effect so what you can do is That's selected now if you click in the CSS styles panel to the far right the fifth icon the colon HOV which means hover you can actually enable things so you can if you click on the hover you'll see it's going to underline it so you can actually debug or like change what your CSS styles look like for when you're hovering while you're in the dev tools because
That's selected now if you click in the CSS styles panel to the far right the fifth icon the colon HOV which means hover you can actually enable things so you can if you click on the hover you'll see it's going to underline it so you can actually debug or like change what your CSS styles look like for when you're hovering while you're in the dev tools because Because of the nature of it you're not hovering it over it because you're in the dev tools this allows you to say hey put it to hover mode so I can see what the styles look like or if I want to tweak them and stuff
Because of the nature of it you're not hovering it over it because you're in the dev tools this allows you to say hey put it to hover mode so I can see what the styles look like or if I want to tweak them and stuff And you can do this for other element states to so active is kind of like when somebody's in the process of clicking on something so it's like it's the mouse is still held down or or a keyboard actions happening if something gets focused you can
And you can do this for other element states to so active is kind of like when somebody's in the process of clicking on something so it's like it's the mouse is still held down or or a keyboard actions happening if something gets focused you can If you click on the focus it should give a focus ring I believe. Yeah you see it so these are just interesting things to allow you to debug your CSS which can be super helpful
If you click on the focus it should give a focus ring I believe. Yeah you see it so these are just interesting things to allow you to debug your CSS which can be super helpful So that's another panel in there there's also if you click on the dot CLS there just to this to the side of it you could add other classes to it so I don't I can't think of any at the moment but if you
So that's another panel in there there's also if you click on the dot CLS there just to this to the side of it you could add other classes to it so I don't I can't think of any at the moment but if you If you wanted to add another CSS class in the CSS classes you have available you could actually just start typing in one and it would add it to the HTML for that particular element
If you wanted to add another CSS class in the CSS classes you have available you could actually just start typing in one and it would add it to the HTML for that particular element Cool okay we can go ahead and close my website because we don't we don't need to promote it it's your stream so let's get back to your website
Cool okay we can go ahead and close my website because we don't we don't need to promote it it's your stream so let's get back to your website Now like yours how did you build yours what is everything built in maybe like talk me through like if I were like hey you have a really cool site I want to go build my site like your site
Now like yours how did you build yours what is everything built in maybe like talk me through like if I were like hey you have a really cool site I want to go build my site like your site Okay cool cool I do want to show one thing though if you stretch the site out to make it a little bigger it'll it'll change there you go again alpaca
Okay cool cool I do want to show one thing though if you stretch the site out to make it a little bigger it'll it'll change there you go again alpaca So my sites built with 11 which is a static site generator but it also does server side stuff now too but I was using gas be a long time ago and honestly the only reason why I was using gas be this back in 2017 was I was doing react and then I was at a job where I wasn't doing react so I was like even though it's not a good reason to to make a website a blog in react
So my sites built with 11 which is a static site generator but it also does server side stuff now too but I was using gas be a long time ago and honestly the only reason why I was using gas be this back in 2017 was I was doing react and then I was at a job where I wasn't doing react so I was like even though it's not a good reason to to make a website a blog in react So I was just like I'm just going to use it so I can just still keep learning react
So I was just like I'm just going to use it so I can just still keep learning react But I didn't do much with it and then it's had a few iterations when I worked at dev 2 we had this integration with a company called stack bit so you could actually write your blog post on dev 2 and then the stack bit integration would actually deploy a site to notify that's who they're partnering with it's not just because I worked there
But I didn't do much with it and then it's had a few iterations when I worked at dev 2 we had this integration with a company called stack bit so you could actually write your blog post on dev 2 and then the stack bit integration would actually deploy a site to notify that's who they're partnering with it's not just because I worked there And at the time I had chosen a gas be template and it would just basically update my posts and stuff but then I got off that and then I found 11D at some point this is again before yeah did somebody say 11D yeah exactly
And at the time I had chosen a gas be template and it would just basically update my posts and stuff but then I got off that and then I found 11D at some point this is again before yeah did somebody say 11D yeah exactly Yeah Ben I totally went to go grab because look how cool bends is too and then I have a bad ass site is like I did not realize this but without meaning to you I apparently just wanted to channel my inner bend and like have the same colors
Yeah Ben I totally went to go grab because look how cool bends is too and then I have a bad ass site is like I did not realize this but without meaning to you I apparently just wanted to channel my inner bend and like have the same colors Yeah no I love that site it's just I don't buy yourself like even though like like I was telling before I was like the lead friend and a dev 2 before but I can take designs and I can I can do it but I'm the same person that I'm not a designer and I'm the kind of person that will spend a week trying to figure out what font I should use you know like that that's me but like if you give me something I can definitely produce it
Yeah no I love that site it's just I don't buy yourself like even though like like I was telling before I was like the lead friend and a dev 2 before but I can take designs and I can I can do it but I'm the same person that I'm not a designer and I'm the kind of person that will spend a week trying to figure out what font I should use you know like that that's me but like if you give me something I can definitely produce it But yeah like this is something that I'm like wanting to like I'm thinking about because I'm like oh I want it I need to go build my side and so it can do automations because even as we're going through this like we're talking about like how just to compare just something that I had a hard time figuring out that I I want to make sure other see is especially with Jason stream last week of saying like I am a developer
But yeah like this is something that I'm like wanting to like I'm thinking about because I'm like oh I want it I need to go build my side and so it can do automations because even as we're going through this like we're talking about like how just to compare just something that I had a hard time figuring out that I I want to make sure other see is especially with Jason stream last week of saying like I am a developer I built a square space site there plenty of people that don't know how to build a square space site is the customizations that can be done and going through and even using the dev tools that's why I was like yes let's stick to your site because in square space you can't do as much where with yours like we were even already able to see a lot more so
I built a square space site there plenty of people that don't know how to build a square space site is the customizations that can be done and going through and even using the dev tools that's why I was like yes let's stick to your site because in square space you can't do as much where with yours like we were even already able to see a lot more so Yeah putting it in my first yes at least you do that I just will try to start building
Yeah putting it in my first yes at least you do that I just will try to start building Because you're asking about automation I'm going to drop a couple links that I wrote about for automating things so let me just drop those give me two seconds here because like I was saying I do use 11 be and that should be both. Yeah so I do use what's that I just said yeah thank you
Because you're asking about automation I'm going to drop a couple links that I wrote about for automating things so let me just drop those give me two seconds here because like I was saying I do use 11 be and that should be both. Yeah so I do use what's that I just said yeah thank you Okay cool yeah so I do use 11 and then basically stack the stack bit integration with dev 2 got phased out I don't know I can't remember why but I think stack I don't for whatever reason it got phased out so like for about two months I was literally copy pasting markdown from the dev 2 into like pages that I was creating by hand and then three weeks before I started at netlify I was like I have time off I'm going to automate this so I finally wire all up and it's it's the first post I talk about that I drop there so I use the dev 2 API to pull in my posts and then I generate the markdown and then it pushes to my GitHub repo where I host my site
Okay cool yeah so I do use 11 and then basically stack the stack bit integration with dev 2 got phased out I don't know I can't remember why but I think stack I don't for whatever reason it got phased out so like for about two months I was literally copy pasting markdown from the dev 2 into like pages that I was creating by hand and then three weeks before I started at netlify I was like I have time off I'm going to automate this so I finally wire all up and it's it's the first post I talk about that I drop there so I use the dev 2 API to pull in my posts and then I generate the markdown and then it pushes to my GitHub repo where I host my site Excuse me and then that deploy to netlify and it just because that's all automated like when you have netlify attached to a repository it'll just deploy it as soon as you push stuff there. Then just exciting I was just like super cool. Yeah no it can be automated
Excuse me and then that deploy to netlify and it just because that's all automated like when you have netlify attached to a repository it'll just deploy it as soon as you push stuff there. Then just exciting I was just like super cool. Yeah no it can be automated Yeah no and it's it honestly like it takes a while to get there like I was telling you before the stream like even my own stream like I have these silly things like I have an outpack on my stream it hides it changes hats you can move things on the screen but when I first started streaming it was literally my webcam in the corner of OBS a black screen and DS code or a browser and that was it and it's like it's it's only been over time that you build these things up and you also learn from other streamers like like Jason link store or just I was just speaking to other streamers like how do you do that or like you know because I couldn't find a lot of stuff and then so yeah there's but getting back to the automation it's I'm pretty happy with my flow now because I'll write a blog post on dev 2 and then I have a GitHub action that fires every night around 8 p
Yeah no and it's it honestly like it takes a while to get there like I was telling you before the stream like even my own stream like I have these silly things like I have an outpack on my stream it hides it changes hats you can move things on the screen but when I first started streaming it was literally my webcam in the corner of OBS a black screen and DS code or a browser and that was it and it's like it's it's only been over time that you build these things up and you also learn from other streamers like like Jason link store or just I was just speaking to other streamers like how do you do that or like you know because I couldn't find a lot of stuff and then so yeah there's but getting back to the automation it's I'm pretty happy with my flow now because I'll write a blog post on dev 2 and then I have a GitHub action that fires every night around 8 pm
m Eastern and then it'll check do I have any blog posts if there are or if a blog post was updated updates it and then that I have another GitHub action or maybe it's the same GitHub action it creates a pull request and if all the checks pass for it like it basically does a deployed preview of Netlify if all of that passes then it automatically merges itself so I never have to do anything
Eastern and then it'll check do I have any blog posts if there are or if a blog post was updated updates it and then that I have another GitHub action or maybe it's the same GitHub action it creates a pull request and if all the checks pass for it like it basically does a deployed preview of Netlify if all of that passes then it automatically merges itself so I never have to do anything So it's I'm pretty happy with the flow
So it's I'm pretty happy with the flow I definitely want to look into GitHub action sometimes and also just in like the way that I like found out about what Jason was doing and what you're doing I'm like what if I have the schedule that's posted and auto posts on all social media for me so it's not me going to be a lot of things
I definitely want to look into GitHub action sometimes and also just in like the way that I like found out about what Jason was doing and what you're doing I'm like what if I have the schedule that's posted and auto posts on all social media for me so it's not me going to be a lot of things So it's not me going oh shit I never scheduled that and having to automate the way that Jason was talking about that with cloudify. Oh cloud cloud cloud cloud. Maybe for his
So it's not me going oh shit I never scheduled that and having to automate the way that Jason was talking about that with cloudify. Oh cloud cloud cloud cloud. Maybe for his Maybe for his. Yeah yeah yeah yeah cuz he he generates the social I can't speak social images like so like like like the card you sent out with the picture you and me so that's what he's talking about cloud
Maybe for his. Yeah yeah yeah yeah cuz he he generates the social I can't speak social images like so like like like the card you sent out with the picture you and me so that's what he's talking about cloud So there's that part and then I guess he's probably hooked up to like the Twitter API LinkedIn or where I think he only posts it to Twitter at the moment but yeah there's there's a lot of stuff you can do and and once once you get those things in place you know it's you also have to want to do it like I just hit a tipping point where I was like I have enough time I'm just going to do this you know and it's also interesting to do because you're learning stuff
So there's that part and then I guess he's probably hooked up to like the Twitter API LinkedIn or where I think he only posts it to Twitter at the moment but yeah there's there's a lot of stuff you can do and and once once you get those things in place you know it's you also have to want to do it like I just hit a tipping point where I was like I have enough time I'm just going to do this you know and it's also interesting to do because you're learning stuff Like even for my own stream like I don't I don't post to social media automatically I do that by hand but I have like my guest info on my stream and that I used to do it manually but it's happened a couple of streams where I forget to change the guest info and so it's like it's this yes we're here today with Jen Juno and then you know on the bottom it says you know John Doe from some other company so I'm using air table now to pull in that data and I'm actually using
Like even for my own stream like I don't I don't post to social media automatically I do that by hand but I have like my guest info on my stream and that I used to do it manually but it's happened a couple of streams where I forget to change the guest info and so it's like it's this yes we're here today with Jen Juno and then you know on the bottom it says you know John Doe from some other company so I'm using air table now to pull in that data and I'm actually using Not to promote that look like but I'm using a netlify edge function and it basically pulls in the data from air table and then it renders the page with that information so I never have to do anything so now all I have to do is make sure that the air table has the proper information and that's all I have to do and and that saves me time and it also saves me from making mistakes
Not to promote that look like but I'm using a netlify edge function and it basically pulls in the data from air table and then it renders the page with that information so I never have to do anything so now all I have to do is make sure that the air table has the proper information and that's all I have to do and and that saves me time and it also saves me from making mistakes You know and the same thing with like I didn't have one for the longest time but I have a I have one of these now I have a hold on hold on let me make. Oh I was going to um so you can put stream decks on tablets so I got this tablet. Oh
You know and the same thing with like I didn't have one for the longest time but I have a I have one of these now I have a hold on hold on let me make. Oh I was going to um so you can put stream decks on tablets so I got this tablet. Oh Um we're on some Android stuff so I'm going to put the stream deck on here but I'm still super lost on OBS that I have not done this yet but um I wanted to say I saw in passing yes Anthony we all just steal from each other I never want to agree that's kind of just like art in general art in general is you are like you literally just steal from each other and we create in your own way but um there was something else that you said that I was like that is so cool oh also that auto generating in I need to set up netlify and as a super super side note y'all um I have two mods that show up like all the time oh sorry yes I have add setup I want to see if it can make money I'm still officially looking for a job I have to go do it but anyway
Um we're on some Android stuff so I'm going to put the stream deck on here but I'm still super lost on OBS that I have not done this yet but um I wanted to say I saw in passing yes Anthony we all just steal from each other I never want to agree that's kind of just like art in general art in general is you are like you literally just steal from each other and we create in your own way but um there was something else that you said that I was like that is so cool oh also that auto generating in I need to set up netlify and as a super super side note y'all um I have two mods that show up like all the time oh sorry yes I have add setup I want to see if it can make money I'm still officially looking for a job I have to go do it but anyway Anyway stop stop talking Jen is looking for work if you're hiring and hit her up she's screaming all the time I think you blog to you she got your website so I hit her up I do what are you looking to do you trying to get back in a dev realm or you want to be an engineer
Anyway stop stop talking Jen is looking for work if you're hiring and hit her up she's screaming all the time I think you blog to you she got your website so I hit her up I do what are you looking to do you trying to get back in a dev realm or you want to be an engineer I love streaming and talking to people and working with people it's always so much fun and um it's definitely something yes I want to get back into that um and job job hunting but I'm not going to do it
I love streaming and talking to people and working with people it's always so much fun and um it's definitely something yes I want to get back into that um and job job hunting but I'm not going to do it job hunting but getting OBS set up to do all of these things I'm like that is like such a good way to finally look into you getting more into like netlify and building my own site instead of my laziness of square space I say laziness because I didn't really know what to build with and Jason okay Brittany I'm really glad you're here because Jason asked me this last week and Anthony your hair so like all like the um like people that have been here for a long time so I'm debating should I build my new site in next because I am see next nation and if I could do more stuff with view like I'm going to see if I can maybe be like the view MC for an Amsterdam and I'm like I feel like I just need to focus on a language but I'm like what if I just focus on that because that I did have happened
job hunting but getting OBS set up to do all of these things I'm like that is like such a good way to finally look into you getting more into like netlify and building my own site instead of my laziness of square space I say laziness because I didn't really know what to build with and Jason okay Brittany I'm really glad you're here because Jason asked me this last week and Anthony your hair so like all like the um like people that have been here for a long time so I'm debating should I build my new site in next because I am see next nation and if I could do more stuff with view like I'm going to see if I can maybe be like the view MC for an Amsterdam and I'm like I feel like I just need to focus on a language but I'm like what if I just focus on that because that I did have happened yeah there's that I'd also throw out there's Astro and you can actually pick what view component what component library you want to use so you could actually use Astro and write it all in view
yeah there's that I'd also throw out there's Astro and you can actually pick what view component what component library you want to use so you could actually use Astro and write it all in view that's another option I'm not saying don't use next I've never used next I did a couple I did one stream on view with my buddy Drew but it wasn't next or anything it was just like view out of the box but I've heard good things about it
that's another option I'm not saying don't use next I've never used next I did a couple I did one stream on view with my buddy Drew but it wasn't next or anything it was just like view out of the box but I've heard good things about it about NUX and I know NUX 3 is I think it came out recently and you can deploy that to the edge now to I think that's stable I'm not positive about that but but Brittany says it best just pick something you know like it's kind of like when people are saying like I should start blogging and then they'll be like okay but I got to build my site first and then you know and then all of a sudden you're completely derailed so it's like it's a separate thing but like if you're going to blog and like say you don't have a website set up right
about NUX and I know NUX 3 is I think it came out recently and you can deploy that to the edge now to I think that's stable I'm not positive about that but but Brittany says it best just pick something you know like it's kind of like when people are saying like I should start blogging and then they'll be like okay but I got to build my site first and then you know and then all of a sudden you're completely derailed so it's like it's a separate thing but like if you're going to blog and like say you don't have a website set up right anyway you know use something like dev 2 hash node just start blogging and then when you get around to it you know bring that into your own site or start bring because you can they all have API so you can bring in that stuff or you can literally just copy paste it into your own site but I would say probably go for something automated just to make your life simpler over time but honestly just start writing so like it doesn't matter where you post it like Ryan saying he likes hash node obviously I'm slightly different
anyway you know use something like dev 2 hash node just start blogging and then when you get around to it you know bring that into your own site or start bring because you can they all have API so you can bring in that stuff or you can literally just copy paste it into your own site but I would say probably go for something automated just to make your life simpler over time but honestly just start writing so like it doesn't matter where you post it like Ryan saying he likes hash node obviously I'm slightly different I'm not really biased towards dev 2 because I used to work there but I post a hash node as well you know just get your content out there and you know I think have it long term having your own site like owning your own content is super important as well and you'll hear a lot of people say that
I'm not really biased towards dev 2 because I used to work there but I post a hash node as well you know just get your content out there and you know I think have it long term having your own site like owning your own content is super important as well and you'll hear a lot of people say that Yeah Brittany uses dev 2 I know a bunch of them that will find that 5 team has a dev 2 since that will find people are here and oh not what I meant like Jesus. I'm scared that the man is out of me. Oh jeepers
Yeah Brittany uses dev 2 I know a bunch of them that will find that 5 team has a dev 2 since that will find people are here and oh not what I meant like Jesus. I'm scared that the man is out of me. Oh jeepers Oh jeepers. So this is a hash node thing and I was like dude this is like the coolest thing ever that it plays the article for you and it makes it more accessible and I was just like I want to do this. Yeah you can
Oh jeepers. So this is a hash node thing and I was like dude this is like the coolest thing ever that it plays the article for you and it makes it more accessible and I was just like I want to do this. Yeah you can Yeah you can. So but can it only do it on hash node or is it something like this is something that can be built for anything this is I think where I get also. Paralized with and yeah as I can add that to my own site
Yeah you can. So but can it only do it on hash node or is it something like this is something that can be built for anything this is I think where I get also. Paralized with and yeah as I can add that to my own site Yeah so that's a built in feature of hash node but also just a side note for if you're using a browser a lot of them allow you to just you can go into a reader view but you can also
Yeah so that's a built in feature of hash node but also just a side note for if you're using a browser a lot of them allow you to just you can go into a reader view but you can also Play audio like on my phones my camera right now so I can show it but like I use edge the edge browser on my phone and like I go for walks in night and like all this and a podcast and stuff but sometimes if there's an article I want to read you can actually just click play article it's it's not even in the website it like the browser itself allows you to read it and then
Play audio like on my phones my camera right now so I can show it but like I use edge the edge browser on my phone and like I go for walks in night and like all this and a podcast and stuff but sometimes if there's an article I want to read you can actually just click play article it's it's not even in the website it like the browser itself allows you to read it and then I use we've got a bit before I use natural reader I think is what it's called okay that's an extension I'm not. Okay yeah I'm not sure if the desktop browsers have a built in I feel like they do but it's definitely on my mobile one but
I use we've got a bit before I use natural reader I think is what it's called okay that's an extension I'm not. Okay yeah I'm not sure if the desktop browsers have a built in I feel like they do but it's definitely on my mobile one but But this is a complete side note and I think Ben then Myers is still here playing a website to listen to it is is when you're going to feel the pain of somebody who
But this is a complete side note and I think Ben then Myers is still here playing a website to listen to it is is when you're going to feel the pain of somebody who Who has accessibility issues if the website is not built correctly it's going to be like it'll start read like I was listening to an article the other day and like the first three minutes it was reading like so much irrelevant stuff
Who has accessibility issues if the website is not built correctly it's going to be like it'll start read like I was listening to an article the other day and like the first three minutes it was reading like so much irrelevant stuff And then it finally got to the article but so it's an aside but basically it's really important to make your site accessible and that's why you know there's people that trash talk HTML saying it's not a real language and all that stuff you know the haters on Twitter but you know these are people typically that I think haven't put a lot of time into it you know the people that say like HTML and
And then it finally got to the article but so it's an aside but basically it's really important to make your site accessible and that's why you know there's people that trash talk HTML saying it's not a real language and all that stuff you know the haters on Twitter but you know these are people typically that I think haven't put a lot of time into it you know the people that say like HTML and JavaScript and CSS or easy it's easy when you put like an alert you know background color red and like a small piece of markup but like to make really
JavaScript and CSS or easy it's easy when you put like an alert you know background color red and like a small piece of markup but like to make really Good websites it's it's it's it takes a lot of effort and and that semantic HTML is really important there that's why you always need like a main section you want something called like a skip link
Good websites it's it's it's it takes a lot of effort and and that semantic HTML is really important there that's why you always need like a main section you want something called like a skip link So that you don't have to necessarily go through like all the navigation you can just use the skip link and it goes right to the main section and stuff and I know we're not talking about dev tools at the moment but
So that you don't have to necessarily go through like all the navigation you can just use the skip link and it goes right to the main section and stuff and I know we're not talking about dev tools at the moment but But yeah like I feel like this is the fun part about streaming is it is a very conversational and y'all have to people and Nick I feel like you're going to be like wrapped up into this to you're just going to have to come on the show again. Yeah
But yeah like I feel like this is the fun part about streaming is it is a very conversational and y'all have to people and Nick I feel like you're going to be like wrapped up into this to you're just going to have to come on the show again. Yeah Yeah. Everybody here has almost everybody has been on the show multiple times but to the mods. Thank you for all that you do because Ryan and homey they set up all the clicky clicky things and then also the
Yeah. Everybody here has almost everybody has been on the show multiple times but to the mods. Thank you for all that you do because Ryan and homey they set up all the clicky clicky things and then also the Also keep in conversation going when we don't have anybody here so cool cool awesome yeah shout out to mods I know it's not easy I worked in community like dev to like dev to has about a million members now like active members and
Also keep in conversation going when we don't have anybody here so cool cool awesome yeah shout out to mods I know it's not easy I worked in community like dev to like dev to has about a million members now like active members and Wow like moderation is like it's huge like we have a lot of volunteers I mean there's a dedicated team to you but. Moderation is not easy
Wow like moderation is like it's huge like we have a lot of volunteers I mean there's a dedicated team to you but. Moderation is not easy And you got to stick to your guns yeah yeah I was going to say Ben Ben Meyer shared a link to skip links from his blog definitely check everything Ben writes about excessive but
And you got to stick to your guns yeah yeah I was going to say Ben Ben Meyer shared a link to skip links from his blog definitely check everything Ben writes about excessive but Anything Ben writes is really good but I definitely encourage you to check out the skip links it's it's a super useful thing to add and it's not that difficult honestly
Anything Ben writes is really good but I definitely encourage you to check out the skip links it's it's a super useful thing to add and it's not that difficult honestly And it's saying it's true that Anthony saying it's true that the article was inspired by a random convo industry cool I did it that's kind of like the best way to have it done and yes. Yeah I sometimes I forget that my when I don't share my about it's not sharing. They're again yes everyone
And it's saying it's true that Anthony saying it's true that the article was inspired by a random convo industry cool I did it that's kind of like the best way to have it done and yes. Yeah I sometimes I forget that my when I don't share my about it's not sharing. They're again yes everyone We did go down like a total rabbit hole but I going back to taking a look at these sites is they. You all just teach me so much and it's about all of a and also just on being able to think about accessibility because as you're developing a site it's so important and I feel like it does really go
We did go down like a total rabbit hole but I going back to taking a look at these sites is they. You all just teach me so much and it's about all of a and also just on being able to think about accessibility because as you're developing a site it's so important and I feel like it does really go In a full circle because yeah to use dev tools I've guessing a lot of it is to check up on sites and to build a site you need to look at all of this so. It's not it's the good segue to get us back here we can we can even go to go to Ben site I really love to look at Ben site
In a full circle because yeah to use dev tools I've guessing a lot of it is to check up on sites and to build a site you need to look at all of this so. It's not it's the good segue to get us back here we can we can even go to go to Ben site I really love to look at Ben site We can close the dev tools yeah if you go ahead and close the dev tools over there just because it's going to open up a different one for Ben site. And so if you just inspect anything here again and we'll kind of. Like doing a very random one
We can close the dev tools yeah if you go ahead and close the dev tools over there just because it's going to open up a different one for Ben site. And so if you just inspect anything here again and we'll kind of. Like doing a very random one Wow what did you do yeah there's a CSS selector to allow when you select something so I'm assuming he's I'm assuming they're changing the just the background color it's a nice it's a nice look versus the default. But yeah so if we go ahead and
Wow what did you do yeah there's a CSS selector to allow when you select something so I'm assuming he's I'm assuming they're changing the just the background color it's a nice it's a nice look versus the default. But yeah so if we go ahead and Yeah so if we go ahead and inspect something again here and we were talking about accessibility and there you go there's the accessibility panel too this is something that
Yeah so if we go ahead and inspect something again here and we were talking about accessibility and there you go there's the accessibility panel too this is something that Definitely accessibility experts and people have been doing front end for a while probably know about but for people that are new to web dev or even just the dev tools let's go ahead and click on the accessibility panel here so
Definitely accessibility experts and people have been doing front end for a while probably know about but for people that are new to web dev or even just the dev tools let's go ahead and click on the accessibility panel here so What this does is you're going to see this view here and you're going to see like banner and you see it says how do you I'm Ben so what's happening here is banner is a type of role for an HTML element in this case I believe it's an. H1 that the how he is but
What this does is you're going to see this view here and you're going to see like banner and you see it says how do you I'm Ben so what's happening here is banner is a type of role for an HTML element in this case I believe it's an. H1 that the how he is but But you can see okay so this is important to see because like when a screen reader is reading it's going to it's going to say something like heading text how to unbend and then keep going on and stuff so like. This is super sorry it's head or not H1 I think yeah yeah
But you can see okay so this is important to see because like when a screen reader is reading it's going to it's going to say something like heading text how to unbend and then keep going on and stuff so like. This is super sorry it's head or not H1 I think yeah yeah Oh and thanks for dropping the accessibility tree too that that that bends my co pilot today
Oh and thanks for dropping the accessibility tree too that that that bends my co pilot today So this is super important because when a screen reader is actually going through a site so say you have a form I am I don't know if bend you have a form on your site like a contact page or something that we can maybe look at or if not we can just find some site with a
So this is super important because when a screen reader is actually going through a site so say you have a form I am I don't know if bend you have a form on your site like a contact page or something that we can maybe look at or if not we can just find some site with a Nope okay that's just really okay so we could go to let let's just. I have a form of a form be a guess. Okay so let's go here okay now let's inspect here you're going to get another dev tools open. Okay and let's go back to the accessibility tree here
Nope okay that's just really okay so we could go to let let's just. I have a form of a form be a guess. Okay so let's go here okay now let's inspect here you're going to get another dev tools open. Okay and let's go back to the accessibility tree here And let's let's have it so that let's shrink your browser a bit but let's let's have it so we can still click on the form elements and so let's inspect the first one that says where you have the placeholder text Jen Juno. Yeah is it Jen Juno or Jen Juno. Jen Jenod
And let's let's have it so that let's shrink your browser a bit but let's let's have it so we can still click on the form elements and so let's inspect the first one that says where you have the placeholder text Jen Juno. Yeah is it Jen Juno or Jen Juno. Jen Jenod Jen Jenod. Jen no okay like it's it's almost like it said so many different ways I don't even care anymore. But what is the real way exact I'm always mindful of how you say somebody's name so. Well since I started in the API world there are many many many many French humans and it said Jen and
Jen Jenod. Jen no okay like it's it's almost like it said so many different ways I don't even care anymore. But what is the real way exact I'm always mindful of how you say somebody's name so. Well since I started in the API world there are many many many many French humans and it said Jen and Okay you you French. I know okay now and I my mom says it Jenod so I just know what Jesus. Yeah but eventually yes one day I will learn French one day one day yeah I know I what where I'm in Montreal so it's it's bilingual and I I've been doing French since kindergarten but
Okay you you French. I know okay now and I my mom says it Jenod so I just know what Jesus. Yeah but eventually yes one day I will learn French one day one day yeah I know I what where I'm in Montreal so it's it's bilingual and I I've been doing French since kindergarten but But yeah it's a lot of there's a lot of French names in the states like that get American eyes so like so like like I don't like look look clerk or something that's like the clown and French and stuff
But yeah it's a lot of there's a lot of French names in the states like that get American eyes so like so like like I don't like look look clerk or something that's like the clown and French and stuff It's like they get rid of I don't know they just change or they just change them but anyways I just wanted to know how you said you're not that's all. But did you all know that avocado for dev role is because it's also like that in French is this like very very close
It's like they get rid of I don't know they just change or they just change them but anyways I just wanted to know how you said you're not that's all. But did you all know that avocado for dev role is because it's also like that in French is this like very very close Let me see yeah it's it's a avocat yeah so it sounds like I'm. Yeah you spell it like this the funny thing about it is that that means avocat but it also means lawyer in French I don't know if there's any joke there but if there is somebody make it
Let me see yeah it's it's a avocat yeah so it sounds like I'm. Yeah you spell it like this the funny thing about it is that that means avocat but it also means lawyer in French I don't know if there's any joke there but if there is somebody make it Anyway so we got the floor we got the floor going
Anyway so we got the floor we got the floor going Okay so let's okay let's look at we can see in your mark up here so you have a label element on the right there and you have an input and I can already see that there's you have a four attribute on the element like if you look in the dev tool so it says label four equals some UID it looks like you UID and then that's the same ID as the input so already this is good semantically and it's accessible because
Okay so let's okay let's look at we can see in your mark up here so you have a label element on the right there and you have an input and I can already see that there's you have a four attribute on the element like if you look in the dev tool so it says label four equals some UID it looks like you UID and then that's the same ID as the input so already this is good semantically and it's accessible because The label is tied to the input and so now like when you go to the text box in the accessibility tree here you see it's called name and it's called name because the labels link to it and that's super important because if you're starting to read through like the screen reader is reading through this if the labels not linked to the input it's it might say something like text box I don't I don't even know what it would say I think it's just a text box empty empty string or something I'm not sure Ben can maybe
The label is tied to the input and so now like when you go to the text box in the accessibility tree here you see it's called name and it's called name because the labels link to it and that's super important because if you're starting to read through like the screen reader is reading through this if the labels not linked to the input it's it might say something like text box I don't I don't even know what it would say I think it's just a text box empty empty string or something I'm not sure Ben can maybe Let me know that I'm not an accessibility expert but but basically it's super important to have these things tied together and this is also important why. Can that can we do that or is that. It's not a very important thing but at least for this one version of it
Let me know that I'm not an accessibility expert but but basically it's super important to have these things tied together and this is also important why. Can that can we do that or is that. It's not a very important thing but at least for this one version of it So yeah so it's super important so and like we can we can even test this so and this is another thing I'll show you in the dev tool so if you go in the dev tools at the top right there for the label element double click on the where it says four equals quotations in the label element and just double click on the number in there the 913 EC whatever
So yeah so it's super important so and like we can we can even test this so and this is another thing I'll show you in the dev tool so if you go in the dev tools at the top right there for the label element double click on the where it says four equals quotations in the label element and just double click on the number in there the 913 EC whatever Yeah just delete that so double click it and you can delete it so this is there's two things here I'm going to show one you can edit the markup or attributes so you can just like literally select it delete it and then click outside of the element and it's gone now now let's click on the name input again like let's inspect it and you see all of a sudden there's no more you see it says generic there's no label name
Yeah just delete that so double click it and you can delete it so this is there's two things here I'm going to show one you can edit the markup or attributes so you can just like literally select it delete it and then click outside of the element and it's gone now now let's click on the name input again like let's inspect it and you see all of a sudden there's no more you see it says generic there's no label name It's not connected to it anymore so if the screen reader was coming through here it's going to have no idea what it is the text box says Jen Juno because of the placeholder text but but basically a screen reader at this point has no idea what this field really is or are like it can't communicate to the person so I just wanted to show the disconnect there but also that you can actually edit the mark up here
It's not connected to it anymore so if the screen reader was coming through here it's going to have no idea what it is the text box says Jen Juno because of the placeholder text but but basically a screen reader at this point has no idea what this field really is or are like it can't communicate to the person so I just wanted to show the disconnect there but also that you can actually edit the mark up here You can also change the whole thing so if you right click on that on that form for example in the panels on the right just the form element up top there in the top part of the panel under the elements tab elements yes yeah so right click. Hi Brittany. Hey Caitlin
You can also change the whole thing so if you right click on that on that form for example in the panels on the right just the form element up top there in the top part of the panel under the elements tab elements yes yeah so right click. Hi Brittany. Hey Caitlin Caitlin's in my virtual coffee community as well as collab lab which is a place we volunteer at so okay so we can right click here and we can say edit HTML or edit as HTML sorry and you can literally change this to whatever so like do a command a to delete it all and then just I don't put like a paragraph or just say hello or something
Caitlin's in my virtual coffee community as well as collab lab which is a place we volunteer at so okay so we can right click here and we can say edit HTML or edit as HTML sorry and you can literally change this to whatever so like do a command a to delete it all and then just I don't put like a paragraph or just say hello or something Can I do an H1 always because I forget what you are. Yeah so there you go hello beautiful humans are human and then if you click outside of that you're going to see your page changes that was fine
Can I do an H1 always because I forget what you are. Yeah so there you go hello beautiful humans are human and then if you click outside of that you're going to see your page changes that was fine So you know some of this stuff might not always be useful because like if you're developing a site like you're going to have fast reloading and stuff and so on so like some of this stuff might not be super useful but this is stuff you can do on live sites that you might not have access to if you're just trying to you know you're just trying out things like what is you know what what is the label look like if I put like a label that's 200 characters long or something you know so you can kind of go in this
So you know some of this stuff might not always be useful because like if you're developing a site like you're going to have fast reloading and stuff and so on so like some of this stuff might not be super useful but this is stuff you can do on live sites that you might not have access to if you're just trying to you know you're just trying out things like what is you know what what is the label look like if I put like a label that's 200 characters long or something you know so you can kind of go in this And another thing that we can do here now is if we go to the sources tab which is the third tab and you click on the two little arrows there beside page and there's something called overrides so let's go there and then just say click on the select a folder for overrides and for now like in your in your downloads folder just create a new folder I don't know call it whatever I'm going to do
And another thing that we can do here now is if we go to the sources tab which is the third tab and you click on the two little arrows there beside page and there's something called overrides so let's go there and then just say click on the select a folder for overrides and for now like in your in your downloads folder just create a new folder I don't know call it whatever I'm going to do Potato stream I don't know avalca whatever you know I'm going to re call it out my friend I use here as well okay cool so now we have this folder now so now let's let's do something like let's inspect teach Jen tech there the the word over on the left on your form and let's inspect it
Potato stream I don't know avalca whatever you know I'm going to re call it out my friend I use here as well okay cool so now we have this folder now so now let's let's do something like let's inspect teach Jen tech there the the word over on the left on your form and let's inspect it And let's go to the CSS the styles tab the one in the middle there on the left. Why am I being super blind. Not as I get to to the left of that so the. Yeah there we go. And then the CLS let's yeah so let's let's add style to it in the element dot style there let's just change the
And let's go to the CSS the styles tab the one in the middle there on the left. Why am I being super blind. Not as I get to to the left of that so the. Yeah there we go. And then the CLS let's yeah so let's let's add style to it in the element dot style there let's just change the Just below it where it says element dot style click in there and let's just do color. Since it's black will make it accessible so let's let's just put it back to yellow again or something press enter okay it's set now go ahead and refresh the page
Just below it where it says element dot style click in there and let's just do color. Since it's black will make it accessible so let's let's just put it back to yellow again or something press enter okay it's set now go ahead and refresh the page It's unless I'm talking out of my my my but it should keep it why didn't it keep it there's somewhere. What is it there's the overrides allow you to save the changes and I'm wondering why it didn't do it
It's unless I'm talking out of my my my but it should keep it why didn't it keep it there's somewhere. What is it there's the overrides allow you to save the changes and I'm wondering why it didn't do it Let's try that again let's go to sources again I was just wondering if it like if you click that button if it would. If it would play maybe it's something up. Okay so let's try it again
Let's try that again let's go to sources again I was just wondering if it like if you click that button if it would. If it would play maybe it's something up. Okay so let's try it again Oh I think okay and if you open that it should be empty I think that folder yeah okay all right let's go back to the elements tab again up top there let's go to style again and let's let's add that yellow again
Oh I think okay and if you open that it should be empty I think that folder yeah okay all right let's go back to the elements tab again up top there let's go to style again and let's let's add that yellow again I just say sorry color yellow and then I think we need to save it so just do command s I believe that'll do it okay now let's go back to. Oh sorry we got to highlight the teach gen tech sorry I think we're on the wrong one there yeah there is a
I just say sorry color yellow and then I think we need to save it so just do command s I believe that'll do it okay now let's go back to. Oh sorry we got to highlight the teach gen tech sorry I think we're on the wrong one there yeah there is a We can do the whole thing if not you could but just the teach gen tech if you want and then let's go to the element dot style again below there and let's just do color yellow
We can do the whole thing if not you could but just the teach gen tech if you want and then let's go to the element dot style again below there and let's just do color yellow And we're going to just click command s after we've added that I believe that'll do it now let's go to the sources panel up top there again let's go to potato and it does it not have it weird why doesn't it have it okay try why is it not finding it
And we're going to just click command s after we've added that I believe that'll do it now let's go to the sources panel up top there again let's go to potato and it does it not have it weird why doesn't it have it okay try why is it not finding it Oh I don't know I click something oh that's grandma that's grandma you can also we haven't even looked at debugging yet but you can actually debug and see source code of browser extensions to try refreshing the page if it's not keeping it i'm going to drop a link to overrides because i'm clearly forgetting something
Oh I don't know I click something oh that's grandma that's grandma you can also we haven't even looked at debugging yet but you can actually debug and see source code of browser extensions to try refreshing the page if it's not keeping it i'm going to drop a link to overrides because i'm clearly forgetting something But the main point of this is like you can alter the page and like refresh it and it keeps your changes it's not permanent it's just like in this kind of override state and you could look at that after if you wanted to if you needed to pull some stuff out. And bye bye yeah later ben. um
But the main point of this is like you can alter the page and like refresh it and it keeps your changes it's not permanent it's just like in this kind of override state and you could look at that after if you wanted to if you needed to pull some stuff out. And bye bye yeah later ben. um um. Okay interesting maybe I forgot something yeah you specify a directory. Uh hmm i'm not sure what we don't need to dwell on too much we definitely take a read up on that again I was doing it yesterday because I was just I was writing a list of stuff to go through for the stream and
um. Okay interesting maybe I forgot something yeah you specify a directory. Uh hmm i'm not sure what we don't need to dwell on too much we definitely take a read up on that again I was doing it yesterday because I was just I was writing a list of stuff to go through for the stream and And I was like why is that not working out but and it's the main point is you can alter the site you and you have it all saved in this like local overrides folder and this this can be useful i was actually changing the netlify site yesterday with this so like when you go to netlify
And I was like why is that not working out but and it's the main point is you can alter the site you and you have it all saved in this like local overrides folder and this this can be useful i was actually changing the netlify site yesterday with this so like when you go to netlifycom on my own computer was saying like was up Nick you know like yeah it's not fun
com on my own computer was saying like was up Nick you know like yeah it's not fun Yeah okay you know there's obviously great tooling for frameworks there too so like some of this stuff might not be as pertinent but okay cool so we looked at that we're going to kind of start looking at some JavaScript stuff now so let's go back to the elements panel
Yeah okay you know there's obviously great tooling for frameworks there too so like some of this stuff might not be as pertinent but okay cool so we looked at that we're going to kind of start looking at some JavaScript stuff now so let's go back to the elements panel And if you press the escape key it's going to open up the console below and you can drag that up a little bit
And if you press the escape key it's going to open up the console below and you can drag that up a little bit And you can and you can drag those errors there aren't necessarily from your site it's you can see errors there from like browse or extensions and stuff but let's clear that so if you just click on like the little ghost buster sign there minus the ghost
And you can and you can drag those errors there aren't necessarily from your site it's you can see errors there from like browse or extensions and stuff but let's clear that so if you just click on like the little ghost buster sign there minus the ghost Let's just drag the console down just a little bit. Okay and let's drag the top part down a bit i don't know if it's going to keep both of it okay so so let's click on body there in the html up top
Let's just drag the console down just a little bit. Okay and let's drag the top part down a bit i don't know if it's going to keep both of it okay so so let's click on body there in the html up top Okay cool so we've clicked on it now you're going to see if you look to the right of it it says equals equals dollar zero. Okay so now if you come into your console down below type in dollar zero and press enter just yeah the bottom
Okay cool so we've clicked on it now you're going to see if you look to the right of it it says equals equals dollar zero. Okay so now if you come into your console down below type in dollar zero and press enter just yeah the bottom Okay yeah so now it's a reference to that element in the document object model typically called DOM so so you could do something like now you could do you could actually modify stuff about this element in the
Okay yeah so now it's a reference to that element in the document object model typically called DOM so so you could do something like now you could do you could actually modify stuff about this element in the In the console so you could say for example dollar zero if you type in the console there for a sec you could do dollar zero dot class name which is a reference to the class attribute and you get you get a auto complete here too and then just say equals I don't know like red or something yeah you can just if you press the up arrow and then equals red which won't exist i'm assuming
In the console so you could say for example dollar zero if you type in the console there for a sec you could do dollar zero dot class name which is a reference to the class attribute and you get you get a auto complete here too and then just say equals I don't know like red or something yeah you can just if you press the up arrow and then equals red which won't exist i'm assuming Oh you'll have to put it it's a text so you'll have to put that in quotes but. I was just was quotes red or whatever and it should change yeah you see how the bodies changed all of a sudden now
Oh you'll have to put it it's a text so you'll have to put that in quotes but. I was just was quotes red or whatever and it should change yeah you see how the bodies changed all of a sudden now Because well one class name red doesn't exist probably so it's just this is whatever it is without dark mode
Because well one class name red doesn't exist probably so it's just this is whatever it is without dark mode There's a lot of things you can do here like you because you can obviously change classes and stuff in the CSS portion of the dev tools but you could do stuff like you could add a click to the
There's a lot of things you can do here like you because you can obviously change classes and stuff in the CSS portion of the dev tools but you could do stuff like you could add a click to the To the body as well and for some reason the debuggers on i'm not sure why but if you click the plus the the play button up top there in the browser it's going to finish it there's something i'm not sure what's connecting. Just click play again i wonder what it is
To the body as well and for some reason the debuggers on i'm not sure why but if you click the plus the the play button up top there in the browser it's going to finish it there's something i'm not sure what's connecting. Just click play again i wonder what it is Weird there's a wonder if there's a wonder if there's something in the site that's trying to debug that's really weird okay let's just refresh it i don't know why the debuggers keeps going but
Weird there's a wonder if there's a wonder if there's something in the site that's trying to debug that's really weird okay let's just refresh it i don't know why the debuggers keeps going but So basically what I wanted to mention about the dollar zero is if you keep selecting other elements you'll have like dollar zero which is the most recent one dollar one becomes the previous one and you can like basically have references to all these things and you can do stuff with them you know how valuable that is to you varies but but there's other things you can do in here
So basically what I wanted to mention about the dollar zero is if you keep selecting other elements you'll have like dollar zero which is the most recent one dollar one becomes the previous one and you can like basically have references to all these things and you can do stuff with them you know how valuable that is to you varies but but there's other things you can do in here So you can do like because it's a the console you can you can do stuff like you can type console dot log hello or whatever you know which is not really that useful but
So you can do like because it's a the console you can you can do stuff like you can type console dot log hello or whatever you know which is not really that useful but You can use this to also just check the state of certain things and i'm still perplexed why your site keeps going into a debug mode for some reason because. Did I click some i mean knowing me i kind of clicked something. It's possible but it looks like there's something in the code that
You can use this to also just check the state of certain things and i'm still perplexed why your site keeps going into a debug mode for some reason because. Did I click some i mean knowing me i kind of clicked something. It's possible but it looks like there's something in the code that One weird that one was for notion forms so i don't know okay maybe there's something there we can go ahead and close the browser tools but. Okay cool i'm just yeah and then we can just reopen it we can go back to my site or to like dev 2 or wherever you had
One weird that one was for notion forms so i don't know okay maybe there's something there we can go ahead and close the browser tools but. Okay cool i'm just yeah and then we can just reopen it we can go back to my site or to like dev 2 or wherever you had Okay yeah let's go to ben so let's go back in the site. Yeah this is now an official benmyers appreciation stream yeah i'm here and they're no longer here so won't even know about it. Yeah alright so we can inspect in there again literally anything
Okay yeah let's go to ben so let's go back in the site. Yeah this is now an official benmyers appreciation stream yeah i'm here and they're no longer here so won't even know about it. Yeah alright so we can inspect in there again literally anything Alright so yeah so now if you click dollars type in dollars zero on the console again you're going to. Get a reference to it okay so now let's just do something you know some of these things aren't necessarily useful like the exact thing i'm showing you here but it's just to show you that you can
Alright so yeah so now if you click dollars type in dollars zero on the console again you're going to. Get a reference to it okay so now let's just do something you know some of these things aren't necessarily useful like the exact thing i'm showing you here but it's just to show you that you can You can modify the JavaScript you can interact with it so we can do dollar zero dot add event listener. And if you're used to frameworks if you have like in react on click this is under the hood this is really what it's doing so we're going to say add event listener and then we're going to
You can modify the JavaScript you can interact with it so we can do dollar zero dot add event listener. And if you're used to frameworks if you have like in react on click this is under the hood this is really what it's doing so we're going to say add event listener and then we're going to If you just click the up arrow it's a native function so we're going to do parentheses and then we're going to do quotes click type the word clicks are and then close the quotes and then comma and then we're just going to put a function so we can do like open close parentheses
If you just click the up arrow it's a native function so we're going to do parentheses and then we're going to do quotes click type the word clicks are and then close the quotes and then comma and then we're just going to put a function so we can do like open close parentheses And then do equals and then a greater than symbol and sorry yeah the other way the way you probably said it right. And then let's just do something silly like let's just say alert hello beautiful human. And then. It would be in oh it'll it's a function so you'll put it in parentheses sorry
And then do equals and then a greater than symbol and sorry yeah the other way the way you probably said it right. And then let's just do something silly like let's just say alert hello beautiful human. And then. It would be in oh it'll it's a function so you'll put it in parentheses sorry Are we going to put potato or whatever. I always put hello beautiful human but you might see me putting potato more often now because I grow up and Idaho. Okay, okay. I always use potato for some reason and then let's close parentheses one more time let's press enter
Are we going to put potato or whatever. I always put hello beautiful human but you might see me putting potato more often now because I grow up and Idaho. Okay, okay. I always use potato for some reason and then let's close parentheses one more time let's press enter Okay so now it's going to return it's it console logs undefined and that's because. So typing out that code returns nothing but click on the header now that the how do you then. Sorry on the actual website. Okay
Okay so now it's going to return it's it console logs undefined and that's because. So typing out that code returns nothing but click on the header now that the how do you then. Sorry on the actual website. Okay Okay. So you can start doing stuff like that and this can be interesting if you want to just test off or like so on. So that's one thing we haven't even looked at the debugger really yet but let's. I mean we have 20 more minutes so I'm down if you're like this is a good breaking point
Okay. So you can start doing stuff like that and this can be interesting if you want to just test off or like so on. So that's one thing we haven't even looked at the debugger really yet but let's. I mean we have 20 more minutes so I'm down if you're like this is a good breaking point I'm down to have you on the show again I think that yeah yeah a lot of this is also just sharing knowledge and we got to do that a lot with like everybody on the stream earlier and using best practices. So I'm down for whatever your your your the one who knows all the knowledge
I'm down to have you on the show again I think that yeah yeah a lot of this is also just sharing knowledge and we got to do that a lot with like everybody on the stream earlier and using best practices. So I'm down for whatever your your your the one who knows all the knowledge Well I'll definitely say I don't know everything and anybody that tells you they know everything is they definitely don't. Yeah I'm like it's cool. Yeah yeah okay so let's let's look at the debugger so
Well I'll definitely say I don't know everything and anybody that tells you they know everything is they definitely don't. Yeah I'm like it's cool. Yeah yeah okay so let's let's look at the debugger so Let's actually create a web page so let's go back let's open up VS code and like you said your current sites using a score space is that right yeah. Okay yeah so we want to use that because just because we just kind of want to build something out here
Let's actually create a web page so let's go back let's open up VS code and like you said your current sites using a score space is that right yeah. Okay yeah so we want to use that because just because we just kind of want to build something out here We can even okay so yeah so you did the edge function with Jason last time. You won't necessarily debug that but what we can do is let's go to your index.html file there. If we have time we could debug that but I I don't think we'll have time so
We can even okay so yeah so you did the edge function with Jason last time. You won't necessarily debug that but what we can do is let's go to your index.html file there. If we have time we could debug that but I I don't think we'll have time so So in a web page you can actually have a style tag in there you can also have a script tag script tag allows you to write JavaScript the style tag allows you to add CSS
So in a web page you can actually have a style tag in there you can also have a script tag script tag allows you to write JavaScript the style tag allows you to add CSS So sometimes you'll see in frameworks and stuff they pull these things out like the scripts are all separate there's a bunch of them
So sometimes you'll see in frameworks and stuff they pull these things out like the scripts are all separate there's a bunch of them But for the purpose of just showing how the debugger works we're just going to add a script tag so right under line 13 let's add a script tag so just literally just as CRI PT for the script tag. Yeah sorry with the. Yeah exactly yeah. Like why can I not focus that script there we go script tag
But for the purpose of just showing how the debugger works we're just going to add a script tag so right under line 13 let's add a script tag so just literally just as CRI PT for the script tag. Yeah sorry with the. Yeah exactly yeah. Like why can I not focus that script there we go script tag Okay cool. Alright so you already have this site running I think you ran it locally with Jason last time. Okay so in the script let's just add something like let's press enter so we just have a bit more room here and let's just type console dot log
Okay cool. Alright so you already have this site running I think you ran it locally with Jason last time. Okay so in the script let's just add something like let's press enter so we just have a bit more room here and let's just type console dot log Let's go with potato because I like that word and you're from Idaho so. Okay cool let's save that now let's open up your integrated terminal or whatever you used for your terminal and we can just run NTL dev. Yeah just make sure you're in that folder of that project wherever that is
Let's go with potato because I like that word and you're from Idaho so. Okay cool let's save that now let's open up your integrated terminal or whatever you used for your terminal and we can just run NTL dev. Yeah just make sure you're in that folder of that project wherever that is Thanks for the. Thanks for the kind words I you but I definitely don't know everything. Make this giant. Oh cool I can't remember are you on East Coast as well or. So I'm on mountain I'm in Denver. Okay okay yeah so and then what is it to run again it's
Thanks for the. Thanks for the kind words I you but I definitely don't know everything. Make this giant. Oh cool I can't remember are you on East Coast as well or. So I'm on mountain I'm in Denver. Okay okay yeah so and then what is it to run again it's Oh yeah so you can do you can type in netlify or most of us at work we use NTL which is the sort short format and then space and then you just type dev. So this will run the netlify CLI in development mode
Oh yeah so you can do you can type in netlify or most of us at work we use NTL which is the sort short format and then space and then you just type dev. So this will run the netlify CLI in development mode And the stuff I'm about to show you has nothing to do with the netlify CLI it's just you already have a netlify project set up that's why I'm saying use it. Okay so let's open up the dev tools again. It'll be a different one just so that way I don't get a next up. Cool cool. Okay so let's inspect
And the stuff I'm about to show you has nothing to do with the netlify CLI it's just you already have a netlify project set up that's why I'm saying use it. Okay so let's open up the dev tools again. It'll be a different one just so that way I don't get a next up. Cool cool. Okay so let's inspect And let's go to this let's look in the if we refresh the page we should see our console log if you did we save it. I thought I did. Oh you have that you're you know it's your detector thing still debugging for some reason you mind closing that file I don't even know what that is
And let's go to this let's look in the if we refresh the page we should see our console log if you did we save it. I thought I did. Oh you have that you're you know it's your detector thing still debugging for some reason you mind closing that file I don't even know what that is It's so weird that it keeps going. Yeah you'll have to click play in there on the blue plate what I have no idea what that is
It's so weird that it keeps going. Yeah you'll have to click play in there on the blue plate what I have no idea what that is If you click on it okay it stopped okay so let's just look in the that was actually showing you the debugger and action it because it actually stopped but I have no idea what that is. Okay let's okay yeah there's something I don't know what the. It's a dog
If you click on it okay it stopped okay so let's just look in the that was actually showing you the debugger and action it because it actually stopped but I have no idea what that is. Okay let's okay yeah there's something I don't know what the. It's a dog It's a dog. And my extensions like two break things so let me see if I can get you know what let's let's do this don't don't remove anything let's do command shift and it's going to open up an incognito window. Because I don't want to mess up your setup or anything. Why what are you doing computer
It's a dog. And my extensions like two break things so let me see if I can get you know what let's let's do this don't don't remove anything let's do command shift and it's going to open up an incognito window. Because I don't want to mess up your setup or anything. Why what are you doing computer Is that an incognito because it's usually a different color yeah I'll just. Or our worst case just clicking the chrome menu. I was like I'm going to go this way I don't know what it's okay okay so there's no extensions here now
Is that an incognito because it's usually a different color yeah I'll just. Or our worst case just clicking the chrome menu. I was like I'm going to go this way I don't know what it's okay okay so there's no extensions here now There we go cool all right and let's hope yeah we can close that and let's just open up the dev tools for here. I know but I had I had view page source instead of inspect okay all right so okay already this is working better
There we go cool all right and let's hope yeah we can close that and let's just open up the dev tools for here. I know but I had I had view page source instead of inspect okay all right so okay already this is working better A side note if you ever run lighthouse because there's a lighthouse tab in the dev tools and this will give you like a score like performance accessibility and all that
A side note if you ever run lighthouse because there's a lighthouse tab in the dev tools and this will give you like a score like performance accessibility and all that Always do it in incognito window because you won't have your browser extensions there because they can actually affect the light house score
Always do it in incognito window because you won't have your browser extensions there because they can actually affect the light house score Oh that's just a side note but okay so let's look in the dev tools here now we're going to see that it console on potato okay so we're in good spot here okay so now let's let's go up into the sources there
Oh that's just a side note but okay so let's look in the dev tools here now we're going to see that it console on potato okay so we're in good spot here okay so now let's let's go up into the sources there And let's let's go to page the one just the left of overrides and let's click on the index there. Okay so this is our actual page that got rendered normally you would have JavaScript files to but I'm trying to keep it simple for now so if you click on the number just to the left of the number 15
And let's let's go to page the one just the left of overrides and let's click on the index there. Okay so this is our actual page that got rendered normally you would have JavaScript files to but I'm trying to keep it simple for now so if you click on the number just to the left of the number 15 It's going to add a little red dot like literally in the in the in the gutter there where the number of pages yeah okay so it's going to add this it looks like a little kind of bookmark this is called a break point. So now let's refresh the page
It's going to add a little red dot like literally in the in the in the gutter there where the number of pages yeah okay so it's going to add this it looks like a little kind of bookmark this is called a break point. So now let's refresh the page Let me know that so you can do a command R or just however you want to do it. Okay so you can see here it's actually stopped the program you see how it says pause in debugger and then now if you click play so it's literally pause your program whatever is going on
Let me know that so you can do a command R or just however you want to do it. Okay so you can see here it's actually stopped the program you see how it says pause in debugger and then now if you click play so it's literally pause your program whatever is going on And then now it's going to run in and says potato. There's not that much stuff useful with the consul log but that's just the starting point so now let's go back to our web page in the VS code
And then now it's going to run in and says potato. There's not that much stuff useful with the consul log but that's just the starting point so now let's go back to our web page in the VS code And let's let's add something else in here like let's add a function so in the script tag area we can still leave the console log it's okay let's create a function so just literally the word function and then space and let's I don't know like hello and then we'll open parentheses and we'll give it a it'll take a parameter so something that it can accept is input
And let's let's add something else in here like let's add a function so in the script tag area we can still leave the console log it's okay let's create a function so just literally the word function and then space and let's I don't know like hello and then we'll open parentheses and we'll give it a it'll take a parameter so something that it can accept is input So let's just say text so this and then sorry it's going to be just the it's a variable name here so our not variable parameter sorry okay and then let's open up squiggly brackets. Don't worry about the formatting it like prettier is not happening or anything it's okay and let's just type up
So let's just say text so this and then sorry it's going to be just the it's a variable name here so our not variable parameter sorry okay and then let's open up squiggly brackets. Don't worry about the formatting it like prettier is not happening or anything it's okay and let's just type up We could do a document dot body dot inner HTML i'll explain what this is if if you're not familiar and I'm going to say plus equals and let's put quotes now because we're going to be adding text here or are yeah and then let's just say hello
We could do a document dot body dot inner HTML i'll explain what this is if if you're not familiar and I'm going to say plus equals and let's put quotes now because we're going to be adding text here or are yeah and then let's just say hello Yes and then after or we won't even use potato let's say hello with a space we can use something else called a template string but I won't bother with that for now so after the hello just put a little space before the quote and then after the quote let's add a plus and then we're going to say text
Yes and then after or we won't even use potato let's say hello with a space we can use something else called a template string but I won't bother with that for now so after the hello just put a little space before the quote and then after the quote let's add a plus and then we're going to say text I guess we could have called text name but let's just go with that okay so what this function does is it finds the body element on the page and the inner HTML is literally all the HTML within the body tag and it's going to the plus equal means it's going to add to the end of it the words hello plus whatever the text is so that's the function we're going to have and then after line 18 let's press enter
I guess we could have called text name but let's just go with that okay so what this function does is it finds the body element on the page and the inner HTML is literally all the HTML within the body tag and it's going to the plus equal means it's going to add to the end of it the words hello plus whatever the text is so that's the function we're going to have and then after line 18 let's press enter And just to make this a little more interactive we're going to do something like document dot body and we're going to do add event listener again like we did before and you should get some intelligence here because you're in VS code so sorry dot add event listener
And just to make this a little more interactive we're going to do something like document dot body and we're going to do add event listener again like we did before and you should get some intelligence here because you're in VS code so sorry dot add event listener And then we're going to do the same thing so parentheses and we're going to do quotes click and then we're going to add a function after and so we're going to sorry not function the word in the still in the add event listener after the click quote we're going to put comma
And then we're going to do the same thing so parentheses and we're going to do quotes click and then we're going to add a function after and so we're going to sorry not function the word in the still in the add event listener after the click quote we're going to put comma And then we're going to say let's do open parentheses close parentheses and then equals and then the greater than and then let's just say hello which is our function we created up there and let's just say Jen or something in parentheses and it has to be in quotes because it's text we're adding so we're at this point we're going to be calling the function
And then we're going to say let's do open parentheses close parentheses and then equals and then the greater than and then let's just say hello which is our function we created up there and let's just say Jen or something in parentheses and it has to be in quotes because it's text we're adding so we're at this point we're going to be calling the function Okay, so let's save that and now let's go back to the browser and let's go to the browser dev tools they should still have that open to you. Yeah, I mean to refresh right. Let's give a refresh refresh
Okay, so let's save that and now let's go back to the browser and let's go to the browser dev tools they should still have that open to you. Yeah, I mean to refresh right. Let's give a refresh refresh Okay, so let's remove that break point there so if you click on the this yeah exactly but let's add one online for so if you go down below there in the JavaScript just click on or sorry line 17
Okay, so let's remove that break point there so if you click on the this yeah exactly but let's add one online for so if you go down below there in the JavaScript just click on or sorry line 17 Okay, so now so if just looking at the code just to explain if we click on the body of so basically anywhere on the page it's and a click happens it's going to call hello Jen so let's click on the page
Okay, so now so if just looking at the code just to explain if we click on the body of so basically anywhere on the page it's and a click happens it's going to call hello Jen so let's click on the page Okay, so now you're going to see what's happened here is the click did actually happen but now we're using our debugging tools so this is the JavaScript debugger that we're looking at right now and you can see right
Okay, so now you're going to see what's happened here is the click did actually happen but now we're using our debugging tools so this is the JavaScript debugger that we're looking at right now and you can see right Up top there I don't think you can zoom it in because it's part of the browser yeah it says paused in debugger and now if you click the play button go ahead you're going to see it adds hello Jen to the rest of the page this is a trivial example but let's click again
Up top there I don't think you can zoom it in because it's part of the browser yeah it says paused in debugger and now if you click the play button go ahead you're going to see it adds hello Jen to the rest of the page this is a trivial example but let's click again It's going to stop here again now let's make the browser dev tools a little bigger like we can hide the web page for a second here like we can give the full screen to the browser dev tools and I know we're close to time here so we'll just kind of touch on this today and definitely happy to come back on again if you want to but so there's a lot of things that we have available to us here so first thing is if you hover over things like in the in the middle panel there you can you get information about it so like
It's going to stop here again now let's make the browser dev tools a little bigger like we can hide the web page for a second here like we can give the full screen to the browser dev tools and I know we're close to time here so we'll just kind of touch on this today and definitely happy to come back on again if you want to but so there's a lot of things that we have available to us here so first thing is if you hover over things like in the in the middle panel there you can you get information about it so like When you hover over document that's the whole document which is literally the entire web page and you have information about it there that you can look through same thing if you hover on the if hovering over body want because it's document top body that's the whole thing but okay but but there's some interesting things you can see here already so like online 16 where it says function hello text you can see that the value that you put in in the click there Jen it's showing up to the right there it says text the question for the content that you can see what is happening here that's happening here so it says this is going to start here but it's happening here so it's going to start there so you can see that it's happening here but it's
When you hover over document that's the whole document which is literally the entire web page and you have information about it there that you can look through same thing if you hover on the if hovering over body want because it's document top body that's the whole thing but okay but but there's some interesting things you can see here already so like online 16 where it says function hello text you can see that the value that you put in in the click there Jen it's showing up to the right there it says text the question for the content that you can see what is happening here that's happening here so it says this is going to start here but it's happening here so it's going to start there so you can see that it's happening here but it's tools, Jen
tools, Jen And so like I always said, you're getting all this information that's helpful to you in the context of like say you have a bug like, oh, why is it always, you know, when I click, why does it always say Jen, it should be saying Nick in some cases, you know, like, again, this is a trivial example
And so like I always said, you're getting all this information that's helpful to you in the context of like say you have a bug like, oh, why is it always, you know, when I click, why does it always say Jen, it should be saying Nick in some cases, you know, like, again, this is a trivial example But you're like, oh, well, it's because I set it to Jen. That's why it's not working. Okay, problem solved. Sure. But there's other information you can see here. So the first thing is break point
But you're like, oh, well, it's because I set it to Jen. That's why it's not working. Okay, problem solved. Sure. But there's other information you can see here. So the first thing is break point So it's telling you all the places where you have break points because you can have multiple of them like you, if you click on the console law, exactly, you can click in a few places
So it's telling you all the places where you have break points because you can have multiple of them like you, if you click on the console law, exactly, you can click in a few places The other things that are interesting is if we close the console for a second on the bottom right there, just click on the X. Just so we have a bit more room, you're going to see there's a bit more information to you on the right there
The other things that are interesting is if we close the console for a second on the bottom right there, just click on the X. Just so we have a bit more room, you're going to see there's a bit more information to you on the right there So there's a, a scope section and you can see it's with local and like this window and so on and text Jen. So basically, it's giving you all the information. This in this point here means the entire browser window. There's a whole thing if you want to read up on JavaScript in this keyword. Okay
So there's a, a scope section and you can see it's with local and like this window and so on and text Jen. So basically, it's giving you all the information. This in this point here means the entire browser window. There's a whole thing if you want to read up on JavaScript in this keyword. Okay Okay. But and I can link to some of that stuff. But but basically you're getting all the information about the current like context here and like I clicked on this thing. I can see that text is Jen, you know, and then there's some global information too, which is related to the whole thing
Okay. But and I can link to some of that stuff. But but basically you're getting all the information about the current like context here and like I clicked on this thing. I can see that text is Jen, you know, and then there's some global information too, which is related to the whole thing So like, for example, on global, there's the alert function. So like alert, like if you say alert hello or something and so on. We don't have anything too complex here right now. So there's not a lot of information there. But this can be helpful
So like, for example, on global, there's the alert function. So like alert, like if you say alert hello or something and so on. We don't have anything too complex here right now. So there's not a lot of information there. But this can be helpful The other thing is there's this watch panel up top there just under the pause on break point. Let's open that and let's just click on the plus sign on the right there and let's just add type in the word text and press enter
The other thing is there's this watch panel up top there just under the pause on break point. Let's open that and let's just click on the plus sign on the right there and let's just add type in the word text and press enter And all of a sudden you're going to be like, okay, I can like save some things on the right here, you know, I could add other things. So like, you know, maybe you want to test something. So if you click on the plus again, you could say text, text plus, you know, yes, no worries
And all of a sudden you're going to be like, okay, I can like save some things on the right here, you know, I could add other things. So like, you know, maybe you want to test something. So if you click on the plus again, you could say text, text plus, you know, yes, no worries You can say text plus, you know, hello or something in quotes. Again, these are trivial examples, but it basically you can start having some stuff like, hey, I want to see some things here
You can say text plus, you know, hello or something in quotes. Again, these are trivial examples, but it basically you can start having some stuff like, hey, I want to see some things here Just have them on my sidebar so I can see because what could happen is say like, maybe you happen to be looping through something and like text changes all the time
Just have them on my sidebar so I can see because what could happen is say like, maybe you happen to be looping through something and like text changes all the time So what does it look like when text plus this other thing happens and so on? And basically there's a bunch of stuff you can put in there
So what does it look like when text plus this other thing happens and so on? And basically there's a bunch of stuff you can put in there There's some more stuff in here that's potentially advanced for a beginner potentially, but there's this thing called the call stack, which is something good to learn about. But it's literally like, you can see there's a blue arrow right now and it's pointing to the hello
There's some more stuff in here that's potentially advanced for a beginner potentially, but there's this thing called the call stack, which is something good to learn about. But it's literally like, you can see there's a blue arrow right now and it's pointing to the hello And that's because we're in the function hello. And then before that, it says there was anonymous and the anonymous is actually the function where we're calling hello. If you click on it and it shows you where it is
And that's because we're in the function hello. And then before that, it says there was anonymous and the anonymous is actually the function where we're calling hello. If you click on it and it shows you where it is And this can be helpful if you're like, you know, where is it? Like, how did I end up at this function? And the call stack can actually show you where it came from, like where it originated. You can basically like think, cancel and Gretel follow the cookie
And this can be helpful if you're like, you know, where is it? Like, how did I end up at this function? And the call stack can actually show you where it came from, like where it originated. You can basically like think, cancel and Gretel follow the cookie So and there's a lot more things you can do in here, but I know we're close to time and I actually do have a hard stop at 130 because I forgot I have a one on one at 30. But this is like I said, it was kind of like a whirlwind tour of the developer tools in the browser
So and there's a lot more things you can do in here, but I know we're close to time and I actually do have a hard stop at 130 because I forgot I have a one on one at 30. But this is like I said, it was kind of like a whirlwind tour of the developer tools in the browser And all these things I showed you here today, they all exist in Firefox. In Safari, they have similar stuff, but it's not as it's they're not as far ahead as Chrome and Firefox and some of the dev tools still. They're getting a lot better
And all these things I showed you here today, they all exist in Firefox. In Safari, they have similar stuff, but it's not as it's they're not as far ahead as Chrome and Firefox and some of the dev tools still. They're getting a lot better But I just thought there's just be interesting to just kind of give it's not too shallow a dive into things, but because there's honestly so much stuff in here
But I just thought there's just be interesting to just kind of give it's not too shallow a dive into things, but because there's honestly so much stuff in here And like we can like dive on one particular thing and probably spend at least an hour, you know, so yeah, it's really just kind of to give like here's an overview of like a lot of things you could use in the dev tool. So hopefully folks have found that helpful
And like we can like dive on one particular thing and probably spend at least an hour, you know, so yeah, it's really just kind of to give like here's an overview of like a lot of things you could use in the dev tool. So hopefully folks have found that helpful Yeah, like it's definitely helpful in something that I think would assist going forward and also like seeing that you were on like Anthony's channel and like you went into much more detail on those. It's such a wide topic. That's why Ben's been on the show so much. So yeah
Yeah, like it's definitely helpful in something that I think would assist going forward and also like seeing that you were on like Anthony's channel and like you went into much more detail on those. It's such a wide topic. That's why Ben's been on the show so much. So yeah So yeah. Yeah, the I guess the last thing I'll say about it is like for folks that have been doing who might be new to Node.js or even something like Dino, which is from the creator of Node.js, we use this at Netlify for our edge functions
So yeah. Yeah, the I guess the last thing I'll say about it is like for folks that have been doing who might be new to Node.js or even something like Dino, which is from the creator of Node.js, we use this at Netlify for our edge functions I don't know if I think Jason mentioned that on your stream. But you can actually use the browser tools like how we were debugging there. You can actually debug backend JavaScript code in the browser as well using literally the same tools
I don't know if I think Jason mentioned that on your stream. But you can actually use the browser tools like how we were debugging there. You can actually debug backend JavaScript code in the browser as well using literally the same tools And the other thing we definitely don't have time to look into is in VS code, all those tools for debugging, we can actually do those in VS code as well
And the other thing we definitely don't have time to look into is in VS code, all those tools for debugging, we can actually do those in VS code as well Which is another thing we could look at another time if you want to or we can honestly even talk about something completely different automation, OBS, who knows. I feel like automation would be such a cool one to talk about. But y'all I know that Nick has a hard stop
Which is another thing we could look at another time if you want to or we can honestly even talk about something completely different automation, OBS, who knows. I feel like automation would be such a cool one to talk about. But y'all I know that Nick has a hard stop So I'm going to start the raid really quick just so that yes, VS code debugging. Nick is just going to come on the stream. He didn't know that you were going to get volunteered to go. But all right, y'all, I am raiding you now and thank you everyone that I showed up today
So I'm going to start the raid really quick just so that yes, VS code debugging. Nick is just going to come on the stream. He didn't know that you were going to get volunteered to go. But all right, y'all, I am raiding you now and thank you everyone that I showed up today Let us know questions and let me head. And you
Let us know questions and let me head. And you