Hello, hello beautiful humans. Welcome to another episode of Teach Gen Tech with our amazing guest, good-missed Mondays. Laura! I'm gonna just push back. I'm not a guest. I'm a co-host. That is true. Hi, I'm Laura and I'm pedantic. But I'm also a technical writer and so it's kind of also my job So yes, there's yes. And for that, I was a mathematician and so it was really my job. And she is the co-host on Mondays. We need to say this a lot because I am not used to it. I'm saying co-host, but it's true. And good morning, Helmi. Hey, Helmi. Hey, Jay
So yes, there's yes. And for that, I was a mathematician and so it was really my job. And she is the co-host on Mondays. We need to say this a lot because I am not used to it. I'm saying co-host, but it's true. And good morning, Helmi. Hey, Helmi. Hey, Jay Hey, Jay. What up Jay? All right, I need to do my quote treats. Quote treats. Quote tweets. Oh yeah. Not real live. I mean, I mean, I never say this every Monday and it's going to be super boring, but I'm just going to say again that I really like starting Mondays with y'all
Hey, Jay. What up Jay? All right, I need to do my quote treats. Quote treats. Quote tweets. Oh yeah. Not real live. I mean, I mean, I never say this every Monday and it's going to be super boring, but I'm just going to say again that I really like starting Mondays with y'all And I mean, you Jen, but also like, Helmi is always with us on Mondays. And then there's sort of like a rotating, you know, list of folks like Jail Trapin, Ben, and Kari, and so on
And I mean, you Jen, but also like, Helmi is always with us on Mondays. And then there's sort of like a rotating, you know, list of folks like Jail Trapin, Ben, and Kari, and so on And then there are like other other people whose names I don't know as well because I haven't seen them as many times. But yeah, it's just so nice. We're like the Monday Club. But I like that. I love the Monday Club. But breakfast, we are Mondays
And then there are like other other people whose names I don't know as well because I haven't seen them as many times. But yeah, it's just so nice. We're like the Monday Club. But I like that. I love the Monday Club. But breakfast, we are Mondays Although that could be kind of weird because we're not in detention. Detention breakfast club. Are they in the film? I never see that. What? I actually get to say that because everybody says that about every film almost ever to me. And I'm like, dude, I don't watch movies
Although that could be kind of weird because we're not in detention. Detention breakfast club. Are they in the film? I never see that. What? I actually get to say that because everybody says that about every film almost ever to me. And I'm like, dude, I don't watch movies But it's exciting that you haven't seen it because it's like, if you do watch it, you may really like it. Maybe, maybe. I don't know. I did see pretty in pink. Okay
But it's exciting that you haven't seen it because it's like, if you do watch it, you may really like it. Maybe, maybe. I don't know. I did see pretty in pink. Okay Okay. Which I think that's like the same, what were they, they were the to play on the wrap at the brat pack, right? Isn't that what they recalled? It was like Molly Ringwald and other people's names I don't know. And yeah. And I saw I've seen that one and I don't like it. And I don't know
Okay. Which I think that's like the same, what were they, they were the to play on the wrap at the brat pack, right? Isn't that what they recalled? It was like Molly Ringwald and other people's names I don't know. And yeah. And I saw I've seen that one and I don't like it. And I don't know And I don't know. Like I wonder if it's one of those things like you either had to see it in the time that it was made or when you were like the age of the people who were in it. I feel like you're talking about my psyche because I watch way too many like high school aged TV shows. Gotcha. Yeah
And I don't know. Like I wonder if it's one of those things like you either had to see it in the time that it was made or when you were like the age of the people who were in it. I feel like you're talking about my psyche because I watch way too many like high school aged TV shows. Gotcha. Yeah Gotcha. Yeah. Okay. I can see the only one that I've seen as an adult is Veronica Mars. Oh, that one's so good. That one is so good. Actually, that's not quite true because I tried to like Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Okay. I can't do it. No
Gotcha. Yeah. Okay. I can see the only one that I've seen as an adult is Veronica Mars. Oh, that one's so good. That one is so good. Actually, that's not quite true because I tried to like Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Okay. I can't do it. No I can't do it. No. Oh, I love Veronica Mars and I watched one of my current phase is never have I ever, which is a great show. And sex education. I have seen sex education on Netflix and that's totally a high school show. I mean, not everybody in it is high school, but anyway, a lot of them are
I can't do it. No. Oh, I love Veronica Mars and I watched one of my current phase is never have I ever, which is a great show. And sex education. I have seen sex education on Netflix and that's totally a high school show. I mean, not everybody in it is high school, but anyway, a lot of them are So that I don't think I've seen that one. That is an exception. It's really good. All right. Yeah. I watch way too many high school ones. There's more, but I can't log in to my Netflix and then we'll get really distracted
So that I don't think I've seen that one. That is an exception. It's really good. All right. Yeah. I watch way too many high school ones. There's more, but I can't log in to my Netflix and then we'll get really distracted And as a just a thank you to everyone A for joining us today because it's my day. Also, thank you for everyone for helping with getting the um, fact that I'm looking for work out and retweeting and reposting and all that fun stuff. I appreciate you. Oh, yeah. So I don't know who those people are
And as a just a thank you to everyone A for joining us today because it's my day. Also, thank you for everyone for helping with getting the um, fact that I'm looking for work out and retweeting and reposting and all that fun stuff. I appreciate you. Oh, yeah. So I don't know who those people are Um, so I don't know what I can't do is, so this is the same reason that I couldn't, um, my husband tried to get me to watch Lucifer. And it was the same thing. Like I just cannot be doing with like demons. Um, and stuff I cannot
Um, so I don't know what I can't do is, so this is the same reason that I couldn't, um, my husband tried to get me to watch Lucifer. And it was the same thing. Like I just cannot be doing with like demons. Um, and stuff I cannot I, the closest, the only, the only demon that I can get on with is like the good omen style where they're like demons, but you know, don't look weird, I guess
I, the closest, the only, the only demon that I can get on with is like the good omen style where they're like demons, but you know, don't look weird, I guess I mean, I get along fine with humans who look weird by like cultural standards or whatever, but like, no, I can't, I can't, and like werewolves and vampires and stuff. And like vampires, I don't know
I mean, I get along fine with humans who look weird by like cultural standards or whatever, but like, no, I can't, I can't, and like werewolves and vampires and stuff. And like vampires, I don't know It's the same I can't do sort of like standard type superheroes, but I loved Jessica Jones and Luke Cage, but I could not do the defenders because whoever the other two in there, there was the guy, I don't even know who the other two were in there, but I tried, but they were two like standard super heroine
It's the same I can't do sort of like standard type superheroes, but I loved Jessica Jones and Luke Cage, but I could not do the defenders because whoever the other two in there, there was the guy, I don't even know who the other two were in there, but I tried, but they were two like standard super heroine And I could not give them oh, they were costumes. They were costumes. No. All right. So, just like thought process back. Uh, okay, first, I love all the fantasy, the vampire, everything, um, like firefly and any type of sci-fi and all of that is oh, yay. Really quick
And I could not give them oh, they were costumes. They were costumes. No. All right. So, just like thought process back. Uh, okay, first, I love all the fantasy, the vampire, everything, um, like firefly and any type of sci-fi and all of that is oh, yay. Really quick Really quick. We're the ads super annoying because I turn them on on my screen just because they're like, hey, if you, uh, if you turn on your ads, you can make some money and oh my god, I'm a jobless for a while. So, uh, so y'all please let me know if you can really, wait for them
Really quick. We're the ads super annoying because I turn them on on my screen just because they're like, hey, if you, uh, if you turn on your ads, you can make some money and oh my god, I'm a jobless for a while. So, uh, so y'all please let me know if you can really, wait for them But I, uh, the, I just got done listening, listening reading. We'll go with that. The Marney finished, finished, please go to finish the Marney Veronuic files like 100 hours of listening time. I did it in a week. Um, granted I do listen on double time, but it was fantastic. Nice
But I, uh, the, I just got done listening, listening reading. We'll go with that. The Marney finished, finished, please go to finish the Marney Veronuic files like 100 hours of listening time. I did it in a week. Um, granted I do listen on double time, but it was fantastic. Nice Nice. On the fact of super hero movies because I normally love them. Like, I loved Jumanji. Um, but there was, there was a movie that was sadly super disappointing. Black Adam, which had the rock in it
Nice. On the fact of super hero movies because I normally love them. Like, I loved Jumanji. Um, but there was, there was a movie that was sadly super disappointing. Black Adam, which had the rock in it And the rock is normally like a fantastic or Dwayne Johnson is, um, normally such a good actor, but no, it was really sad. You know, I don't think I've ever actually seen him in anything. Watch Jumanji's watch the Juman. Okay. Okay. Uh, well, okay. Uh, my kid has watched Moana
And the rock is normally like a fantastic or Dwayne Johnson is, um, normally such a good actor, but no, it was really sad. You know, I don't think I've ever actually seen him in anything. Watch Jumanji's watch the Juman. Okay. Okay. Uh, well, okay. Uh, my kid has watched Moana So I have heard Dwayne Johnson. Okay. In something
So I have heard Dwayne Johnson. Okay. In something Okay. In something. And I don't know how much of the, um, like I know that when they were filming Aladdin, they were like recording Robin Williams in the sound booth and like a lot of the movements of the genie were based on like what Robin Williams was doing in the sound booth
Okay. In something. And I don't know how much of the, um, like I know that when they were filming Aladdin, they were like recording Robin Williams in the sound booth and like a lot of the movements of the genie were based on like what Robin Williams was doing in the sound booth And, but I don't know if that's always the case. Like, I don't know necessarily. I have no idea how much the movements or of the character that was voiced by Dwayne Johnson were informed by the movements of Dwayne Johnson in the sound booth. If that makes sense. Wait, didn't. Oh, for Moana. Yeah
And, but I don't know if that's always the case. Like, I don't know necessarily. I have no idea how much the movements or of the character that was voiced by Dwayne Johnson were informed by the movements of Dwayne Johnson in the sound booth. If that makes sense. Wait, didn't. Oh, for Moana. Yeah Yeah. Okay. Because I was like, but Smith did the new genie. Oh, I'm following. Yeah. Um, and I'm being pedantic again. Because what I said was I had not seen yeah, eyeballs, Dwayne Johnson and anything
Yeah. Okay. Because I was like, but Smith did the new genie. Oh, I'm following. Yeah. Um, and I'm being pedantic again. Because what I said was I had not seen yeah, eyeballs, Dwayne Johnson and anything And then I was, I was pedanticizing myself being like, wait, wait, maybe kind of I've seen because of, you know, anyway. Yes. And I, uh, I did like that movie. And yesterday, um, I don't really like Flash and Shazam and stuff. I have, maybe I just don't like DC
And then I was, I was pedanticizing myself being like, wait, wait, maybe kind of I've seen because of, you know, anyway. Yes. And I, uh, I did like that movie. And yesterday, um, I don't really like Flash and Shazam and stuff. I have, maybe I just don't like DC I've kind of sad because I just, I just saw the new, uh, oh my gosh, y'all, you need to go see Wakanda forever. If you have not, like, please stop what you're doing and go watch it. Like I heard that it's really good. I haven't seen the print either, but it's on my list
I've kind of sad because I just, I just saw the new, uh, oh my gosh, y'all, you need to go see Wakanda forever. If you have not, like, please stop what you're doing and go watch it. Like I heard that it's really good. I haven't seen the print either, but it's on my list I woke up to go see it at an 80. I'm showing because I was like everyone's talking about it in opening night. And it was, it was fantastic. Yes, I'm sorry. Yes. And, um, Jay, I've never really liked Batman's. I like Wonder Woman the first one, but 1984 was also like, lost me
I woke up to go see it at an 80. I'm showing because I was like everyone's talking about it in opening night. And it was, it was fantastic. Yes, I'm sorry. Yes. And, um, Jay, I've never really liked Batman's. I like Wonder Woman the first one, but 1984 was also like, lost me Um, and yes, Ben, go see it. Go see it. Tell us what you think. Uh, I've never actually seen knives out. Have you seen knives out? So, I have been trying. It's, it's, I have not seen it because it's the kind of film and this, there's like the list of films that I can watch with my whole family
Um, and yes, Ben, go see it. Go see it. Tell us what you think. Uh, I've never actually seen knives out. Have you seen knives out? So, I have been trying. It's, it's, I have not seen it because it's the kind of film and this, there's like the list of films that I can watch with my whole family I mean, maybe not the five year old, but like my teenagers and my parents, that list is very small, right? And so I don't want to just watch it by myself, but it's been this long that we've been trying to make it happen because that's hard
I mean, maybe not the five year old, but like my teenagers and my parents, that list is very small, right? And so I don't want to just watch it by myself, but it's been this long that we've been trying to make it happen because that's hard So it might be 10 years before I see Glass onion, but I'll let you know. Um, I'm, I'm googling this y'all. See if I can spell knives. Mm hmm. Uh, no, I want knives out. The first one. I can't Batman because I hate Batman. Like the character of Batman. That is some toxic masculinity
So it might be 10 years before I see Glass onion, but I'll let you know. Um, I'm, I'm googling this y'all. See if I can spell knives. Mm hmm. Uh, no, I want knives out. The first one. I can't Batman because I hate Batman. Like the character of Batman. That is some toxic masculinity Like Batman, the dude, like the entire character, you can't, you can't, it would be really hard to play Batman. I would think in a way that isn't that because that's like the character of Batman. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I cannot stand the, the, yeah, the entire, absolutely nothing
Like Batman, the dude, like the entire character, you can't, you can't, it would be really hard to play Batman. I would think in a way that isn't that because that's like the character of Batman. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I cannot stand the, the, yeah, the entire, absolutely nothing The only character, when I, I've seen some Batman films and the only character that I can be like, yeah, I can, I can drive with you is the butler. Yeah
The only character, when I, I've seen some Batman films and the only character that I can be like, yeah, I can, I can drive with you is the butler. Yeah Yeah. I'm not sure what his name was, but Alfred, right? Alfred, because I've got software named Alfred, and I just figured out that that's why the software is called Alfred. Right? That's got to be it
Yeah. I'm not sure what his name was, but Alfred, right? Alfred, because I've got software named Alfred, and I just figured out that that's why the software is called Alfred. Right? That's got to be it Uh, Ben just said, uh, Adam West Batman feels like it gets the furthest from toxic maths masculinity. Um, I, wait a minute. Is that the like, like graphic, like, pow, blam, like cartoons? You know what I'm talking about? Right? Like it showed up on the screen. It was really old
Uh, Ben just said, uh, Adam West Batman feels like it gets the furthest from toxic maths masculinity. Um, I, wait a minute. Is that the like, like graphic, like, pow, blam, like cartoons? You know what I'm talking about? Right? Like it showed up on the screen. It was really old It was really old. Oh, I lied because the other, there is another character from Batman that I could, I could be into or I mean was totally into, um, and that was the Eartha Kit Catwoman. That's it. Um, onomatopoeia is yes. Okay. Okay. So Veronica Mars and onomatopoeia
It was really old. Oh, I lied because the other, there is another character from Batman that I could, I could be into or I mean was totally into, um, and that was the Eartha Kit Catwoman. That's it. Um, onomatopoeia is yes. Okay. Okay. So Veronica Mars and onomatopoeia So I could never remember what onomatopoeia meant until an episode of Veronica Mars when, uh, two people go home together and then, uh, the next shot is the two of them in bed and clearly things have just gone down. And one of them says to the other, hey, I thought you said you wanted to crash
So I could never remember what onomatopoeia meant until an episode of Veronica Mars when, uh, two people go home together and then, uh, the next shot is the two of them in bed and clearly things have just gone down. And one of them says to the other, hey, I thought you said you wanted to crash And the other one says, oh, sorry, I got my onomatopoeia mixed up in it bang. And I have never forgotten what onomatopoeia meant ever since. Because that was so good. I'm getting lost, but that's okay. And I googled it
And the other one says, oh, sorry, I got my onomatopoeia mixed up in it bang. And I have never forgotten what onomatopoeia meant ever since. Because that was so good. I'm getting lost, but that's okay. And I googled it And I googled it. This is, this, y'all, if you were curious about what I do a lot of times in the forestry and Google shit as she's talking, um, it's the best way of learning. Because I like can pick up things by context. This is how I've always read or first with people yet around Laura
And I googled it. This is, this, y'all, if you were curious about what I do a lot of times in the forestry and Google shit as she's talking, um, it's the best way of learning. Because I like can pick up things by context. This is how I've always read or first with people yet around Laura It's safe enough to like go, okay, I don't know this. Let me go Google. And then if I need to ask further where a lot of other people, I'm just like, no, nope, or it's like normal conversation where you don't really have a chance to do it. Yeah. Um, so I just wanted to say to Jay, I use Alfred
It's safe enough to like go, okay, I don't know this. Let me go Google. And then if I need to ask further where a lot of other people, I'm just like, no, nope, or it's like normal conversation where you don't really have a chance to do it. Yeah. Um, so I just wanted to say to Jay, I use Alfred I only do one thing with Alfred, which is open apps like I'll do like options space, Docker options, space, whatever. Because I don't know most of them, but I would love to if you would be interested, Jay, in coming on a stream sometime. And teaching me automations, I would be eternally grateful
I only do one thing with Alfred, which is open apps like I'll do like options space, Docker options, space, whatever. Because I don't know most of them, but I would love to if you would be interested, Jay, in coming on a stream sometime. And teaching me automations, I would be eternally grateful That's all. Bye, Bacari. Hope she feels better. And yeah, can you link Alfred because I'm like googling it and oh, it's soft. Oh, I just found it. I was looking at the links itself and then, uh, it's like big drop down on the side. Oh, that's cool. Here's some some linky links, y'all. Um, okay
That's all. Bye, Bacari. Hope she feels better. And yeah, can you link Alfred because I'm like googling it and oh, it's soft. Oh, I just found it. I was looking at the links itself and then, uh, it's like big drop down on the side. Oh, that's cool. Here's some some linky links, y'all. Um, okay Um, okay. And oh, for everyone watching, make sure to go check out Laura's stream tomorrow because Ben is going to be on Laura's stream. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Um, the me, double link, I guess that would be potentially useful. What up, what up, hack
Um, okay. And oh, for everyone watching, make sure to go check out Laura's stream tomorrow because Ben is going to be on Laura's stream. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Um, the me, double link, I guess that would be potentially useful. What up, what up, hack And as I head up since you are on the YouTube's instead of Twitch, and not everyone may might not see you. Wow, I can talk. I promise. I promise I can talk some days. Why did that come? God, thank you. There's also a raycast, which is the new hotness, but I'm loyal
And as I head up since you are on the YouTube's instead of Twitch, and not everyone may might not see you. Wow, I can talk. I promise. I promise I can talk some days. Why did that come? God, thank you. There's also a raycast, which is the new hotness, but I'm loyal What is raycast? Y'all always teach me so much. Can you add people on here? What do you mean? Well, like I'm trying to tag Ben in my, I'm going to drop a link to my stream for tomorrow and I'm trying to tag Ben in it, but I don't know if you can from stream yard. Yeah. Okay. Maybe. Yeah. Cool
What is raycast? Y'all always teach me so much. Can you add people on here? What do you mean? Well, like I'm trying to tag Ben in my, I'm going to drop a link to my stream for tomorrow and I'm trying to tag Ben in it, but I don't know if you can from stream yard. Yeah. Okay. Maybe. Yeah. Cool Maybe. Yeah. Cool. Right. That works. Um, well, I don't know raycast. I've got, I've got some sunk cost fallacy going on with Alfred because I have purchased like a lifetime subscription or whatever. And I've already learned the muscle memory with like invoking Alfred on my keyboard
Maybe. Yeah. Cool. Right. That works. Um, well, I don't know raycast. I've got, I've got some sunk cost fallacy going on with Alfred because I have purchased like a lifetime subscription or whatever. And I've already learned the muscle memory with like invoking Alfred on my keyboard So I'm like team Alfred now. I'm not even going to look at raycast because I'm going to be loyal to. Fair enough, fair enough. And y'all Laura came up with a good thing for us to work on today. You were talking about key shortcuts. And oh, yeah, this is something, especially if J's here too
So I'm like team Alfred now. I'm not even going to look at raycast because I'm going to be loyal to. Fair enough, fair enough. And y'all Laura came up with a good thing for us to work on today. You were talking about key shortcuts. And oh, yeah, this is something, especially if J's here too This will work great. Y'all for who has been watching this stream for a while, I'm going to present my screen. Screen. There we go. If I go into, I also don't know why this is here, but let me make this giant. If I believe you said it was command L. Yeah. So command L does get rid of it. Yay
This will work great. Y'all for who has been watching this stream for a while, I'm going to present my screen. Screen. There we go. If I go into, I also don't know why this is here, but let me make this giant. If I believe you said it was command L. Yeah. So command L does get rid of it. Yay Yay. That is good news. But I do CD desktop code and PGMT. I do code dot. It is not found. And hi Ian. Y'all, I am going to go back to my my Twitch. And how do I. I need to do a shout out for on at least on this Twitch
Yay. That is good news. But I do CD desktop code and PGMT. I do code dot. It is not found. And hi Ian. Y'all, I am going to go back to my my Twitch. And how do I. I need to do a shout out for on at least on this Twitch I don't know how, but Ian, y'all go follow Ian because Ian really, really helped with me not realizing that the reason my resume wasn't being viewed. I've been using it for six months and it wasn't passing ATS. I don't know
I don't know how, but Ian, y'all go follow Ian because Ian really, really helped with me not realizing that the reason my resume wasn't being viewed. I've been using it for six months and it wasn't passing ATS. I don't know I don't know. Yeah, that's a thing because Canva exported it and as a PDF, but it caused a bunch of spaces in the word. So the words were there. There were just spaces. And I don't know that was a thing. So, but yeah. So go watch Ian streams. Go talk to Ian. Ian is just a rock star. And yeah. So
I don't know. Yeah, that's a thing because Canva exported it and as a PDF, but it caused a bunch of spaces in the word. So the words were there. There were just spaces. And I don't know that was a thing. So, but yeah. So go watch Ian streams. Go talk to Ian. Ian is just a rock star. And yeah. So And yeah. So. And thank you everyone again because some of you have joined later for sharing the my post on everything. I greatly, greatly appreciate it because I need a job. And to my attention, people didn't know how badly I needed a job
And yeah. So. And thank you everyone again because some of you have joined later for sharing the my post on everything. I greatly, greatly appreciate it because I need a job. And to my attention, people didn't know how badly I needed a job So if you have not shared yet, I will totally because I don't normally do this, you know, put everything in here for the links so you can share. Share all the things. Share all the things. Please, and thank you. All right
So if you have not shared yet, I will totally because I don't normally do this, you know, put everything in here for the links so you can share. Share all the things. Share all the things. Please, and thank you. All right All right. More exciting matters that mean you job of fixing the ZSH, which is Shell, right? Yes. So I'm told because I read it as zish. I'm told that it is pronounced Z shell. Z shell. Yeah
All right. More exciting matters that mean you job of fixing the ZSH, which is Shell, right? Yes. So I'm told because I read it as zish. I'm told that it is pronounced Z shell. Z shell. Yeah Z shell. Yeah. The S H short for Shell, which makes sense because like to me, the the other option, and they're actually there are more than one there's more than one other option, but the other option like the default is bash. And then there's that's a the bash shell. And then there's the Z shell
Z shell. Yeah. The S H short for Shell, which makes sense because like to me, the the other option, and they're actually there are more than one there's more than one other option, but the other option like the default is bash. And then there's that's a the bash shell. And then there's the Z shell And there's also fish. And there are other options as well. They're all different bundles of the same idea. It's like the same. Just like okay, this is a terrible analogy, but it's like super high level
And there's also fish. And there are other options as well. They're all different bundles of the same idea. It's like the same. Just like okay, this is a terrible analogy, but it's like super high level If you squint really hard and don't think about it, then it's like chrome is a browser and so is safari and blah blah blah. I just read my mind. That is creepy. It's so creepy. This is how y'all know that, Lauren, I have been hanging out and streaming for a long time is
If you squint really hard and don't think about it, then it's like chrome is a browser and so is safari and blah blah blah. I just read my mind. That is creepy. It's so creepy. This is how y'all know that, Lauren, I have been hanging out and streaming for a long time is I don't think that that's why because I think it's better than that. I don't know if you were an an of green gables type child, but I was an an of green gables type child. And and referred to people as kindred spirits. That is true
I don't think that that's why because I think it's better than that. I don't know if you were an an of green gables type child, but I was an an of green gables type child. And and referred to people as kindred spirits. That is true That is true. And I would I think we were kindred spirits before we had been streaming for a while. That's right. Yeah, that's true. That's true. It's a reminder introducing us. Yeah. And Ramon might join us later. I believe he's also streaming right now. So maybe in a bit, maybe in a bit
That is true. And I would I think we were kindred spirits before we had been streaming for a while. That's right. Yeah, that's true. That's true. It's a reminder introducing us. Yeah. And Ramon might join us later. I believe he's also streaming right now. So maybe in a bit, maybe in a bit And so Hector just put in YouTube, so I'll share this. What have Hector? And yes, you would think that fixes it. For most people it does. For most people it does. So let's go to VS code. I don't like that I can't bring it up with VS code. Like he has. Like I have to do. Anyway. So we go in here
And so Hector just put in YouTube, so I'll share this. What have Hector? And yes, you would think that fixes it. For most people it does. For most people it does. So let's go to VS code. I don't like that I can't bring it up with VS code. Like he has. Like I have to do. Anyway. So we go in here So we go in here. You can tell it's recently used. You would every time. And we will not fully close it. And well, it works. Yes, it breaks. Every time, every time I close terminal, it breaks. Okay. And that used to happen to me too. Okay. So one thing to check. So you are using Z shell
So we go in here. You can tell it's recently used. You would every time. And we will not fully close it. And well, it works. Yes, it breaks. Every time, every time I close terminal, it breaks. Okay. And that used to happen to me too. Okay. So one thing to check. So you are using Z shell So what we need to see is what is actually in your Z shells dot file, which is like, it's kind of like a dot files in general are sort of like often like configuration files or like preferences are often stored like all the preferences that you can edit can be stored potentially as in a in a dot file and things like that
So what we need to see is what is actually in your Z shells dot file, which is like, it's kind of like a dot files in general are sort of like often like configuration files or like preferences are often stored like all the preferences that you can edit can be stored potentially as in a in a dot file and things like that And so we're going to look at the dot file associated with your Z shell. And I like to do that using them, but you can do it using code. And since you have just it's working right now, right code, whatever is working as a command. Okay. So go to your home directory. So do CD with nothing after it
And so we're going to look at the dot file associated with your Z shell. And I like to do that using them, but you can do it using code. And since you have just it's working right now, right code, whatever is working as a command. Okay. So go to your home directory. So do CD with nothing after it Okay. And now type code, space, tilde, slash dot, ZSH, RZ. H not C ZSH. Yeah. Oh, yeah, Hector, I'm not sure if I've seen you around here, tons, but yeah, this is this is a thing that I do
Okay. And now type code, space, tilde, slash dot, ZSH, RZ. H not C ZSH. Yeah. Oh, yeah, Hector, I'm not sure if I've seen you around here, tons, but yeah, this is this is a thing that I do I teach people how to do things like the, the, if you give a man a fish, he can eat for a day, and if you teach me to do anything for whatever I do, like I cannot help myself. I'd never just tell people the answers. I'm really bad at just telling people the answers
I teach people how to do things like the, the, if you give a man a fish, he can eat for a day, and if you teach me to do anything for whatever I do, like I cannot help myself. I'd never just tell people the answers. I'm really bad at just telling people the answers I used to be a teacher at math professor, actually. And so yeah, I don't, I don't just tell people I teach people. If you're starving, I'm going to give you a fish and then teach you to fish, right? But you know, in general, if you're not starving. Okay
I used to be a teacher at math professor, actually. And so yeah, I don't, I don't just tell people I teach people. If you're starving, I'm going to give you a fish and then teach you to fish, right? But you know, in general, if you're not starving. Okay Okay. So all you have in your or Z shell configuration type file is this export path. Um, Volta, um, oh, I don't know what Volta is. I have some associations
Okay. So all you have in your or Z shell configuration type file is this export path. Um, Volta, um, oh, I don't know what Volta is. I have some associations I associate Volta with um, Jason Lingstorf, actually, because I was just looking at Jason's dot files yesterday, because I am trying to learn more about what I can put in my dot files to optimize my life. But, yeah, do you know what Volta is, Jim? Uh, I've heard of it. It's a thing
I associate Volta with um, Jason Lingstorf, actually, because I was just looking at Jason's dot files yesterday, because I am trying to learn more about what I can put in my dot files to optimize my life. But, yeah, do you know what Volta is, Jim? Uh, I've heard of it. It's a thing It's a thing. I know that it is a thing. Cool. Nope. No, nothing. And um, just, uh, as a really, really quick, um, thank you Ramon for rating in yay. And thank you, everyone, for the follows. When you're here on Mondays
It's a thing. I know that it is a thing. Cool. Nope. No, nothing. And um, just, uh, as a really, really quick, um, thank you Ramon for rating in yay. And thank you, everyone, for the follows. When you're here on Mondays Who knows what lure and I are going to talk about? She helps pro hosts and we have Nisilinius Mondays. And we just, uh, try to do, we just do a bunch for Ramon. And today we are fixing the fact that my code dot doesn't work if I open it from terminal. And yes, um, Ben is very accurate
Who knows what lure and I are going to talk about? She helps pro hosts and we have Nisilinius Mondays. And we just, uh, try to do, we just do a bunch for Ramon. And today we are fixing the fact that my code dot doesn't work if I open it from terminal. And yes, um, Ben is very accurate When I try to fix this once, I broke my bash. So whatever it's called, the show, I broke it, I broke it hard. I broke my entire computer. And Anthony had to come on this dream and help me. Exit. Wow. Okay. Well, I'm scared now because I didn't know that that was a possibility. Yeah
When I try to fix this once, I broke my bash. So whatever it's called, the show, I broke it, I broke it hard. I broke my entire computer. And Anthony had to come on this dream and help me. Exit. Wow. Okay. Well, I'm scared now because I didn't know that that was a possibility. Yeah Yeah. But we're just going to pretend that it's not a possibility and, and carry on. And if we break everything, I'm really sorry. It's, um, I'm just a respawned in my computer and just like wiping it. So we're fine
Yeah. But we're just going to pretend that it's not a possibility and, and carry on. And if we break everything, I'm really sorry. It's, um, I'm just a respawned in my computer and just like wiping it. So we're fine So we're fine. But, uh, worst case, I'm just going to bug Anthony and be like, hey, you haven't been on the stream for a while. Um, how would you like to come fix this problem again? Yeah. Um, okay
So we're fine. But, uh, worst case, I'm just going to bug Anthony and be like, hey, you haven't been on the stream for a while. Um, how would you like to come fix this problem again? Yeah. Um, okay Um, okay. So I am trying to think about how I want to send this, I'm just going to send you my entire file, my, my Z show, um, RC, but I'm trying to think how to do it. Um, I get you want to email it. You want to, you know, I have been meaning to put this
Um, okay. So I am trying to think about how I want to send this, I'm just going to send you my entire file, my, my Z show, um, RC, but I'm trying to think how to do it. Um, I get you want to email it. You want to, you know, I have been meaning to put this I have been meaning to back up my Z shell to get hub anyway for my own sakes. I'm going to back it up and then you can just pull it down from there and we'll be like technical. Yes. Take it. And until then, I'll just awkwardly talk at everyone. No, I could, I could share my screen. Yes
I have been meaning to back up my Z shell to get hub anyway for my own sakes. I'm going to back it up and then you can just pull it down from there and we'll be like technical. Yes. Take it. And until then, I'll just awkwardly talk at everyone. No, I could, I could share my screen. Yes Yes. And then we can, we can walk through how we're going to do this because I don't actually already have a plan for how I'm going to do this. So we're going to, we're going to just wing it together if you don't mind. Jen. Yeah. Okay. Sorry
Yes. And then we can, we can walk through how we're going to do this because I don't actually already have a plan for how I'm going to do this. So we're going to, we're going to just wing it together if you don't mind. Jen. Yeah. Okay. Sorry Yeah. Okay. Sorry. I just worked down and, uh, there's, I've got subscriptions and thank you for everyone. I appreciate it. Let me just, um, so I got distracted, which you're pretty used to. So, you know what, we are, you know, um, in Ellison, Wonderland, there's the like, we're all mad here
Yeah. Okay. Sorry. I just worked down and, uh, there's, I've got subscriptions and thank you for everyone. I appreciate it. Let me just, um, so I got distracted, which you're pretty used to. So, you know what, we are, you know, um, in Ellison, Wonderland, there's the like, we're all mad here And that's, I feel that way in like a near diversity sense, but I always have to preface that I do not mean mad in like a derogatory sense when I say that. Uh, I mean it in like the most affectionate and awesome sense, but we're all mad here. I can per
And that's, I feel that way in like a near diversity sense, but I always have to preface that I do not mean mad in like a derogatory sense when I say that. Uh, I mean it in like the most affectionate and awesome sense, but we're all mad here. I can per I can per. And also, um, y'all, this is one of my favorite things about streaming with Laura is, it's a safe space. Like, it's a secure space because this is why I a fish like just love streaming with Laura. Likewise. Let me just, I'm, I, my organization works in GitHub
I can per. And also, um, y'all, this is one of my favorite things about streaming with Laura is, it's a safe space. Like, it's a secure space because this is why I a fish like just love streaming with Laura. Likewise. Let me just, I'm, I, my organization works in GitHub And so I just realized I needed to make sure that I wasn't going to be like posting closed source type stuff as opposed to, or like not posting, but like screen sharing. Yeah, I get to, um, and I'm ready now. Jay just shared also, um, the, a stack overflow one
And so I just realized I needed to make sure that I wasn't going to be like posting closed source type stuff as opposed to, or like not posting, but like screen sharing. Yeah, I get to, um, and I'm ready now. Jay just shared also, um, the, a stack overflow one So if we need that and also what up category, that's a fun name. Yeah. Oops, the latest, uh, oh, actually I need my whole screen anyway. So that's why we did get. Oh, there we go. And okay, momentary inception. Here we are. Okay
So if we need that and also what up category, that's a fun name. Yeah. Oops, the latest, uh, oh, actually I need my whole screen anyway. So that's why we did get. Oh, there we go. And okay, momentary inception. Here we are. Okay Here we are. Okay. So I think that, um, what I'm going to do is what I've seen people do before, which is have a dot files repo. So I'm going to create a repository that is going to be out files. Um, it. Okay. Okay. Um, it can be public. That's fine
Here we are. Okay. So I think that, um, what I'm going to do is what I've seen people do before, which is have a dot files repo. So I'm going to create a repository that is going to be out files. Um, it. Okay. Okay. Um, it can be public. That's fine That's fine. I will add a read me, but I'm not going to fill it out yet. Do you make that? Oh, for sure. Yeah. Cause I know, I know, I know, I know you're, I know you're, I always also watch it in Twitch instead because it stream yard, it's like so small. Oh, okay. Sure
That's fine. I will add a read me, but I'm not going to fill it out yet. Do you make that? Oh, for sure. Yeah. Cause I know, I know, I know, I know you're, I know you're, I always also watch it in Twitch instead because it stream yard, it's like so small. Oh, okay. Sure Oh, okay. Sure. And by Jay, I will keep you posted. Okay. So I'm going to copy this. I'm going to go into my terminal and my terminal is already showing my as he shall. So we will come back to that in a minute. Put and, um, clear out. There we go so that it's tidy
Oh, okay. Sure. And by Jay, I will keep you posted. Okay. So I'm going to copy this. I'm going to go into my terminal and my terminal is already showing my as he shall. So we will come back to that in a minute. Put and, um, clear out. There we go so that it's tidy Um, and I'm going to paste my, I'm going to get plan or oops. I forgot to type get clone first. Get clone. Business. Oh. Boy. Well, it says I can't see that one either very well. So I'm like, why bad? Let me make that bigger
Um, and I'm going to paste my, I'm going to get plan or oops. I forgot to type get clone first. Get clone. Business. Oh. Boy. Well, it says I can't see that one either very well. So I'm like, why bad? Let me make that bigger The destination path that files already exists and it's not an empty directory. Of course, it's not because I already have files. So I'm going to rename my repository. Um, I think you have to do that in settings and it gets very particular danger, danger, danger
The destination path that files already exists and it's not an empty directory. Of course, it's not because I already have files. So I'm going to rename my repository. Um, I think you have to do that in settings and it gets very particular danger, danger, danger No? Oh, I don't have to go through the danger part. I'm going to go these are my dot files and, um, I'm going to camel case, just in case that's helpful for accessibility reasons
No? Oh, I don't have to go through the danger part. I'm going to go these are my dot files and, um, I'm going to camel case, just in case that's helpful for accessibility reasons I think it's probably not because I've already put the underscore in there, but anyway, um, that'll be something I can chat about with Ben tomorrow. Okay. So I'm going to try again. Get clone. Okay, and so here's the part where I'm not totally sure if this is going to be kosher
I think it's probably not because I've already put the underscore in there, but anyway, um, that'll be something I can chat about with Ben tomorrow. Okay. So I'm going to try again. Get clone. Okay, and so here's the part where I'm not totally sure if this is going to be kosher What I want to do is move my Z shell, my Z shell RC into this directory. Um, I'm not sure whether that is going to make my computer unhappy. So we're going to find out. Here we go. So I'm going to move
What I want to do is move my Z shell, my Z shell RC into this directory. Um, I'm not sure whether that is going to make my computer unhappy. So we're going to find out. Here we go. So I'm going to move Um, actually, I probably need to see the into my files, but I need to know, is it actually called dot files or is it got got files because sometimes things are hidden and the way that we can check to see, we can see the entire list of everything that's available as opposed to everything that's not a, that doesn't have a dot in front of it
Um, actually, I probably need to see the into my files, but I need to know, is it actually called dot files or is it got got files because sometimes things are hidden and the way that we can check to see, we can see the entire list of everything that's available as opposed to everything that's not a, that doesn't have a dot in front of it Those are called hidden directories. So if I want to see everything including the hidden directories, instead of just typing L S, I have to then put a space and then L A, which is like list all, I'm not sure if that's exactly what the A stands for, but that's what it stands for in my brain. Okay
Those are called hidden directories. So if I want to see everything including the hidden directories, instead of just typing L S, I have to then put a space and then L A, which is like list all, I'm not sure if that's exactly what the A stands for, but that's what it stands for in my brain. Okay Okay. Okay. And so now we can see some of these things that would have not shown up, um, if I had just done a regular L S, they're all the ones that start with dots. And so I can see my dot, um, C S, Z shell RC, um, is there
Okay. Okay. And so now we can see some of these things that would have not shown up, um, if I had just done a regular L S, they're all the ones that start with dots. And so I can see my dot, um, C S, Z shell RC, um, is there It's not in a different directory, which means I can just, I don't have to like CD into a different directory before I move it. I can just move it, um, and I don't have to specify the directory because that's the other way that I could do it
It's not in a different directory, which means I can just, I don't have to like CD into a different directory before I move it. I can just move it, um, and I don't have to specify the directory because that's the other way that I could do it So I can just move, um, got the, uh, HRC, see to the repo that I just made, which was, um, let me see. So I need a, uh, tilde slash. And I think it was my, and I just pressed tab. I don't know if you're familiar with tab completions. And yeah. Yeah. So I'm going to tab into the my got files
So I can just move, um, got the, uh, HRC, see to the repo that I just made, which was, um, let me see. So I need a, uh, tilde slash. And I think it was my, and I just pressed tab. I don't know if you're familiar with tab completions. And yeah. Yeah. So I'm going to tab into the my got files And, um, really quick. Could you first off, what is the font? And then can you also make, uh, terminal bigger, please? The window bigger or the font bigger? Both. Okay. Uh, yes, I can do that. I'm going to just make it go to the entire left-hand side. And, uh, also bigger the font
And, um, really quick. Could you first off, what is the font? And then can you also make, uh, terminal bigger, please? The window bigger or the font bigger? Both. Okay. Uh, yes, I can do that. I'm going to just make it go to the entire left-hand side. And, uh, also bigger the font How's that? Yes, Elise, that looks good for me. Ramon, what you thinking? Much, much better. Thank you. Okay. Oh, and you also asked a question about what the font is. Yeah. And I believe it is anonymous pro, which is my favoriteest, um, where am I? I need to be in preferences settings settings
How's that? Yes, Elise, that looks good for me. Ramon, what you thinking? Much, much better. Thank you. Okay. Oh, and you also asked a question about what the font is. Yeah. And I believe it is anonymous pro, which is my favoriteest, um, where am I? I need to be in preferences settings settings They call it not preferences. Um, appearance. Um, oh no, it's in profiles. I always wanted to be in appearance, but it's not, it's in profiles text. Okay. So it's anonymous pro, uh, regular size 16 because anonymous pro is much smaller than other fonts
They call it not preferences. Um, appearance. Um, oh no, it's in profiles. I always wanted to be in appearance, but it's not, it's in profiles text. Okay. So it's anonymous pro, uh, regular size 16 because anonymous pro is much smaller than other fonts So where another font I might use 12 with anonymous pro, I'll use 16. Um, and anti-aliased. We can see the difference with the, with the anti-aliasing, what it, what the difference that it makes. Um, I don't, well, okay, actually it's kind of hard to see on here. Okay
So where another font I might use 12 with anonymous pro, I'll use 16. Um, and anti-aliased. We can see the difference with the, with the anti-aliasing, what it, what the difference that it makes. Um, I don't, well, okay, actually it's kind of hard to see on here. Okay Okay. So here it is without the anti-aliasing on. And here it is anti-aliased. And it just makes it a bit easier for me to read. I don't know about y'all. All the matters is that it makes it easier for you to read. Yeah. Anyway, yeah, this is my favorite font
Okay. So here it is without the anti-aliasing on. And here it is anti-aliased. And it just makes it a bit easier for me to read. I don't know about y'all. All the matters is that it makes it easier for you to read. Yeah. Anyway, yeah, this is my favorite font I use it for, um, anything, it's my favorite monospace font. Let me, let me clarify. My favorite monospace font, um, not my favorite font overall, but it is the one that I use for everything where a monospace font makes more sense like coding in the terminal. Okay
I use it for, um, anything, it's my favorite monospace font. Let me, let me clarify. My favorite monospace font, um, not my favorite font overall, but it is the one that I use for everything where a monospace font makes more sense like coding in the terminal. Okay Okay. So now I'm going to finally move that thing. Um, and so now if I go into my.files and I, uh, less, I should lay. Okay. Why is it not there? Okay. Um, it's not still here. So why is it not, all right, I don't know. Okay. Well, we'll, we'll, we'll, we're going to
Okay. So now I'm going to finally move that thing. Um, and so now if I go into my.files and I, uh, less, I should lay. Okay. Why is it not there? Okay. Um, it's not still here. So why is it not, all right, I don't know. Okay. Well, we'll, we'll, we'll, we're going to Um, Oh, maybe I need to see the into the dot because it's a dot file. I'm going to try to see being into the, um, no. Oh, no, look, it's right there. I just can't read. Look, it's right here. I'm sorry about my inability to read. You're talking to somebody who's dyslexic
Um, Oh, maybe I need to see the into the dot because it's a dot file. I'm going to try to see being into the, um, no. Oh, no, look, it's right there. I just can't read. Look, it's right here. I'm sorry about my inability to read. You're talking to somebody who's dyslexic So me and reading, majority of the time, just um, work well. So yeah. Okay. So I could just open this file, but at the moment what I'm going to do is I'm going to push this file into my Git repo so that then you can have it
So me and reading, majority of the time, just um, work well. So yeah. Okay. So I could just open this file, but at the moment what I'm going to do is I'm going to push this file into my Git repo so that then you can have it Um, and we can alter it, you can, you can open it on your end and you can alter it to be how you like instead of how I like. Um, and so I will, all right, we always just to be safe. We always do a Git status. And we can see that the only, um, modified and untracked file here is my, um, Z shell RC
Um, and we can alter it, you can, you can open it on your end and you can alter it to be how you like instead of how I like. Um, and so I will, all right, we always just to be safe. We always do a Git status. And we can see that the only, um, modified and untracked file here is my, um, Z shell RC So that's good. So I'm going to get my. I'm going to commit. And I will call this initial. So I accidentally, yeah, ran a question for streamers that are here. Like, do you sit up straight when you're streaming? I feel like I have better posture when I'm streaming. And I don't know why
So that's good. So I'm going to get my. I'm going to commit. And I will call this initial. So I accidentally, yeah, ran a question for streamers that are here. Like, do you sit up straight when you're streaming? I feel like I have better posture when I'm streaming. And I don't know why But if I'm playing, if I'm doing D&D, no, I have horrible posture. I'm like, like, like, practically laying down. They've taken pictures of funny faces I've made. But um, fans, maybe I'll stand. I hardly ever use my standing desk. Yep, I never do
But if I'm playing, if I'm doing D&D, no, I have horrible posture. I'm like, like, like, practically laying down. They've taken pictures of funny faces I've made. But um, fans, maybe I'll stand. I hardly ever use my standing desk. Yep, I never do Yep, I never do. Um, one of my legs is a little bit longer than the other. Not that you can like see it looking at me. Um, but it makes it uncomfortable to stand in one place. Like walking is fine. But standing in one place is not fine. So I use my standing desk with my, um, under desk treadmill
Yep, I never do. Um, one of my legs is a little bit longer than the other. Not that you can like see it looking at me. Um, but it makes it uncomfortable to stand in one place. Like walking is fine. But standing in one place is not fine. So I use my standing desk with my, um, under desk treadmill Ooh, but not while streaming or whatever because then I'm like, bouncing. I think I have a stamping mat somewhere. I think it's it. Let's let's find out. I will stop sharing. Okay. So here's my repo. I had a standing mat and we will look for that next time. Uh, okay
Ooh, but not while streaming or whatever because then I'm like, bouncing. I think I have a stamping mat somewhere. I think it's it. Let's let's find out. I will stop sharing. Okay. So here's my repo. I had a standing mat and we will look for that next time. Uh, okay Uh, okay. So uh, and I'm really sad about because Indiana Jones was one of my all-time favorite shows, growing up, movies like all of them were my favorite and just like looking back and going, damn, there was a lot of racism and classes a minute. Yeah. Yep. Um, I never saw those when I was a kid
Uh, okay. So uh, and I'm really sad about because Indiana Jones was one of my all-time favorite shows, growing up, movies like all of them were my favorite and just like looking back and going, damn, there was a lot of racism and classes a minute. Yeah. Yep. Um, I never saw those when I was a kid So I saw them the first to saw one the first time as an adult and I couldn't stand it. Um, I didn't actually see the whole thing. I was really sad about it because I was like, I just wanted to see if I could download it a different way. But um, I, what different way? Okay
So I saw them the first to saw one the first time as an adult and I couldn't stand it. Um, I didn't actually see the whole thing. I was really sad about it because I was like, I just wanted to see if I could download it a different way. But um, I, what different way? Okay If I could just get the one file and said yes, you can. In I know of at least two ways that you can do it. Okay. You can do it the get way if you want or you can just open the file. So open the dot, um, ZSRC. Okay. And um, there we go. Yeah. Cool
If I could just get the one file and said yes, you can. In I know of at least two ways that you can do it. Okay. You can do it the get way if you want or you can just open the file. So open the dot, um, ZSRC. Okay. And um, there we go. Yeah. Cool Yeah. Cool. And then, um, if you scroll back up a bit and then, um, you, in next to go to file, there's the three dot menu. Uh, oh, somewhere in here, there's a way that you can download. It's moved, I guess. Oh, yeah. Is it next to the pencil? No. No. I mean, I can just copy the text. Mm hmm
Yeah. Cool. And then, um, if you scroll back up a bit and then, um, you, in next to go to file, there's the three dot menu. Uh, oh, somewhere in here, there's a way that you can download. It's moved, I guess. Oh, yeah. Is it next to the pencil? No. No. I mean, I can just copy the text. Mm hmm Mm hmm. Or you can clone the repo, whichever. I swear there was a way that you could just download these. I mean, I'm sure that there still is, but it used to be easier. Oh, yeah. Um, yeah, that was me being like a description. It's like it's fucking dot files. And I didn't say fucking dot files
Mm hmm. Or you can clone the repo, whichever. I swear there was a way that you could just download these. I mean, I'm sure that there still is, but it used to be easier. Oh, yeah. Um, yeah, that was me being like a description. It's like it's fucking dot files. And I didn't say fucking dot files I said, uh, dot files. Okay. Uh, so I need to open the file to. Okay. So I think maybe we need to be careful here, because now you have downloaded a file that potentially has the same name as your existing. Dot zs zs hrc. And it's not mad right now because it's probably in your downloads folder
I said, uh, dot files. Okay. Uh, so I need to open the file to. Okay. So I think maybe we need to be careful here, because now you have downloaded a file that potentially has the same name as your existing. Dot zs zs hrc. And it's not mad right now because it's probably in your downloads folder Oh, no, no, no, never mind because you copied and pasted. Mm hmm. That's a big, great thing. I wanted to. Right, right, right. So never mind. All of that is fine. Proceed. My bad. I don't remember how to open a file in this
Oh, no, no, no, never mind because you copied and pasted. Mm hmm. That's a big, great thing. I wanted to. Right, right, right. So never mind. All of that is fine. Proceed. My bad. I don't remember how to open a file in this Um, I mean, you can actually just go right back into your VS code and paste it into your, uh, into the file. Yeah, the file that already exists. Oh, no. Mm hmm. And I do it in replace of this. So I don't really know what Volta is, um, for, and then because the users needs to be replaced. Yeah
Um, I mean, you can actually just go right back into your VS code and paste it into your, uh, into the file. Yeah, the file that already exists. Oh, no. Mm hmm. And I do it in replace of this. So I don't really know what Volta is, um, for, and then because the users needs to be replaced. Yeah Yeah. Mm hmm. So right now it's searching for your name. Oh, I see. We're doing. Okay. I'm working on remembering how. Um, ah, there you go. Um, now some of these won't make any sense for you at all. Like the ones, um, that are about like an Aconda
Yeah. Mm hmm. So right now it's searching for your name. Oh, I see. We're doing. Okay. I'm working on remembering how. Um, ah, there you go. Um, now some of these won't make any sense for you at all. Like the ones, um, that are about like an Aconda I don't know that you have an Aconda installed, um, and, and things like that. Um, well, we're gonna, we're gonna save it. We're gonna do some things and stuff and see what happens when I restart this. Okay. Wish us luck, y'all, because last time I really broke stuff
I don't know that you have an Aconda installed, um, and, and things like that. Um, well, we're gonna, we're gonna save it. We're gonna do some things and stuff and see what happens when I restart this. Okay. Wish us luck, y'all, because last time I really broke stuff Ah, what are you saying now? So, um, it's because, uh, I have stuff in, in mine that you don't have installed. Okay. Well, while I'm here, we can go to CD. Well, this new book, this one. And this. Maybe. Oh, it's here. Okay. You don't mind. It's here. E. E. E. E. CD. Chris. Okay
Ah, what are you saying now? So, um, it's because, uh, I have stuff in, in mine that you don't have installed. Okay. Well, while I'm here, we can go to CD. Well, this new book, this one. And this. Maybe. Oh, it's here. Okay. You don't mind. It's here. E. E. E. E. CD. Chris. Okay E. CD. Chris. Okay. I'm supposed to delete it if it doesn't exist. You know, what though? I'm gonna just go out on a limb and say you want the syntax highlighting. And so that, and better than deleting it would be to install it. For these, the Z profile things
E. CD. Chris. Okay. I'm supposed to delete it if it doesn't exist. You know, what though? I'm gonna just go out on a limb and say you want the syntax highlighting. And so that, and better than deleting it would be to install it. For these, the Z profile things Oh, well, like where it's saying down further, where it's saying no such file or directory. The, um, right. Um, and I'm thinking, you know, I can do that one, but I want to get rid of these ones too. Um, but you probably, if you're using, um, Z shell, you probably want home brew
Oh, well, like where it's saying down further, where it's saying no such file or directory. The, um, right. Um, and I'm thinking, you know, I can do that one, but I want to get rid of these ones too. Um, but you probably, if you're using, um, Z shell, you probably want home brew Yeah, but I don't know why it's saying no such file or directory. But do you have home brew? Sure. So try typing brew space dash dash help. Yeah. Okay. Okay, so you do. But yeah, all right. So let's just go, let's just open my file backup in code
Yeah, but I don't know why it's saying no such file or directory. But do you have home brew? Sure. So try typing brew space dash dash help. Yeah. Okay. Okay, so you do. But yeah, all right. So let's just go, let's just open my file backup in code And we'll just remove the lines about those and then deal with those another time. For yours for the, but I'm. It's like really buying me. Yeah, we're going to get rid of them. We're going to make it unbug. Uh, you restarted. And so it lost its ability to do the code command
And we'll just remove the lines about those and then deal with those another time. For yours for the, but I'm. It's like really buying me. Yeah, we're going to get rid of them. We're going to make it unbug. Uh, you restarted. And so it lost its ability to do the code command Um, because we need to fix the, fix the file. Oh, okay. Okay, fine. Fine. Okay. Oh, it's right there. I'm so excited. I can get rid of it. We're at least I can comment these things out. I don't know. I'm sorry. We'll have to comment. Okay
Um, because we need to fix the, fix the file. Oh, okay. Okay, fine. Fine. Okay. Oh, it's right there. I'm so excited. I can get rid of it. We're at least I can comment these things out. I don't know. I'm sorry. We'll have to comment. Okay Okay. So super cool trick in VS code is if you highlight this whole thing to select all. Okay. And now press um, command forward slash. Oh, yay. It will do. It'll comment out in whatever way makes sense for the type of file that it is. Oh, that's happiness. Yeah. Okay. Yay
Okay. So super cool trick in VS code is if you highlight this whole thing to select all. Okay. And now press um, command forward slash. Oh, yay. It will do. It'll comment out in whatever way makes sense for the type of file that it is. Oh, that's happiness. Yeah. Okay. Yay Yeah. Okay. Yay. And that was command forward slash. Yep. Yay. This is truly happiness. Because and the way that it makes sense in my head that it's the forward slash is your first instinct was to type slash slash. I think. Yeah. Right. And so that's why it makes sense
Yeah. Okay. Yay. And that was command forward slash. Yep. Yay. This is truly happiness. Because and the way that it makes sense in my head that it's the forward slash is your first instinct was to type slash slash. I think. Yeah. Right. And so that's why it makes sense I think that it's the forward slash command. That makes sense. Is like, please comment this in whatever way makes sense. Seven. Seven. Seven. Seven. Seven. Seven. So, when I just want to go download on my dish. So um, um, let's just comment this one out as well for the moment. And then line 104
I think that it's the forward slash command. That makes sense. Is like, please comment this in whatever way makes sense. Seven. Seven. Seven. Seven. Seven. Seven. So, when I just want to go download on my dish. So um, um, let's just comment this one out as well for the moment. And then line 104 And then line 104. So. Should I do line 105 too? Um, is it upset about line 105? No. So I'll like it. Okay. Line 123. 123. 125. Okay. Safe. Okay. Now, don't close this yet. Okay. I'm not closing. I'm saving. There we go. Okay. Have a look at line 75. You. You mean. Okay
And then line 104. So. Should I do line 105 too? Um, is it upset about line 105? No. So I'll like it. Okay. Line 123. 123. 125. Okay. Safe. Okay. Now, don't close this yet. Okay. I'm not closing. I'm saving. There we go. Okay. Have a look at line 75. You. You mean. Okay You mean. Okay. So these are plugins that I have installed in my. Z-shell. Okay. So I've got one for sublime text and there's get and there's get and there's a lot of things that I can do. So I have a history and blah blah blah
You mean. Okay. So these are plugins that I have installed in my. Z-shell. Okay. So I've got one for sublime text and there's get and there's get and there's a lot of things that I can do. So I have a history and blah blah blah But if you look to the right, if you scroll to the right, there is one for VS code as well. And yeah. Okay. And so then. And then if you look down. Well, one thing to time more. One thing to show. Okay. So let's. Do your path thing through. VS code the command palette. Oh. Yay. Okay
But if you look to the right, if you scroll to the right, there is one for VS code as well. And yeah. Okay. And so then. And then if you look down. Well, one thing to time more. One thing to show. Okay. So let's. Do your path thing through. VS code the command palette. Oh. Yay. Okay Oh. Yay. Okay. And so it just it says that it added it to your path. And so now I'm really curious about where that went. Because before it was not adding it to your Z-shell RC. And I think that that was the problem
Oh. Yay. Okay. And so it just it says that it added it to your path. And so now I'm really curious about where that went. Because before it was not adding it to your Z-shell RC. And I think that that was the problem Like that's why it was not getting like once you closed it, you didn't have it anymore. So looking looking for when it says that it added it to your path. The code command to your path. I'm really wondering where which path that is. Okay. So let's just have a look. Let's save this. And then
Like that's why it was not getting like once you closed it, you didn't have it anymore. So looking looking for when it says that it added it to your path. The code command to your path. I'm really wondering where which path that is. Okay. So let's just have a look. Let's save this. And then And then. Forfeit. And restart this one. So that's actually a it's like a shortcut. If you so go to your command line. Okay. Type source. And then. Tolday slash dot Z. And then. Okay. And then that sort of like. Reloads the the file without having actually. Looked your terminal. Okay
And then. Forfeit. And restart this one. So that's actually a it's like a shortcut. If you so go to your command line. Okay. Type source. And then. Tolday slash dot Z. And then. Okay. And then that sort of like. Reloads the the file without having actually. Looked your terminal. Okay Okay. Let me quickly press really quick. We're going to do it one more time with VS coach. Shut. Okay. Ah. Okay. Ah. Well, I think it worked. I think it did work. But let's try closing your terminal. To just to see if it still works after restarting your terminal. Because I'm not sure whether
Okay. Let me quickly press really quick. We're going to do it one more time with VS coach. Shut. Okay. Ah. Okay. Ah. Well, I think it worked. I think it did work. But let's try closing your terminal. To just to see if it still works after restarting your terminal. Because I'm not sure whether Whether the path is correct yet. But I got rid of all those stupid things that showed up. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. So it's definitely progress. And then. And then. And then. And then. And this is the next thing that we're going to look at are the aliases. It works. I have fixed it. We fixed it
Whether the path is correct yet. But I got rid of all those stupid things that showed up. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. So it's definitely progress. And then. And then. And then. And then. And this is the next thing that we're going to look at are the aliases. It works. I have fixed it. We fixed it We fixed it. We fixed it. Yeah. Yeah. That was really annoying that it wasn't working for so long. I think. Does anybody know how to do shout outs and. In Twitch. I need to do give Laura a shout out. I don't know how to. I'm going. I mean, we just. Shattered it. Like with our vocal chords
We fixed it. We fixed it. Yeah. Yeah. That was really annoying that it wasn't working for so long. I think. Does anybody know how to do shout outs and. In Twitch. I need to do give Laura a shout out. I don't know how to. I'm going. I mean, we just. Shattered it. Like with our vocal chords I know, but I want to learn. I don't know if this is going to do it, but I'm going to. Is this. Ok. It's a. This too. Yeah. I don't know her as. I mean, I actually have no idea. But anyway, it's because you're not in this track. I can't. I realize we had people have to be here for it
I know, but I want to learn. I don't know if this is going to do it, but I'm going to. Is this. Ok. It's a. This too. Yeah. I don't know her as. I mean, I actually have no idea. But anyway, it's because you're not in this track. I can't. I realize we had people have to be here for it So scroll down to the bottom of this file, because we have some other things that we need to get rid of, because they don't make sense for you. Like these ones that are about subordle, those are about the place that I work. And so you don't need those. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And then. Yeah. 44
So scroll down to the bottom of this file, because we have some other things that we need to get rid of, because they don't make sense for you. Like these ones that are about subordle, those are about the place that I work. And so you don't need those. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And then. Yeah. 44 And then. Yeah. 44. Okay. So if you look at line 143. Okay. See how it says. So alias, alias means sort of like if a person has an alias, then it's like another name that they go by, right? Does that does that ring true? Yes. Sorry. With everything going on, I got super distracted of
And then. Yeah. 44. Okay. So if you look at line 143. Okay. See how it says. So alias, alias means sort of like if a person has an alias, then it's like another name that they go by, right? Does that does that ring true? Yes. Sorry. With everything going on, I got super distracted of Ramon saying, are we a fan of, oh, my. Z shell here and. And homey got the. Shout out to work. Thank you. So I just wanted to say that. They got it figured out. Yeah, I am an omis my. Z shell fan. And I'm going to turn Jen into a potential omisie shell fan. Okay. So if you look at line 143. Okay
Ramon saying, are we a fan of, oh, my. Z shell here and. And homey got the. Shout out to work. Thank you. So I just wanted to say that. They got it figured out. Yeah, I am an omis my. Z shell fan. And I'm going to turn Jen into a potential omisie shell fan. Okay. So if you look at line 143. Okay Okay. So what we're saying here is that we're going to create an alias. The dash G means global. So it means that this alias works. Wherever we are, it's not like directory specific. Okay. And the alias is Z. And then is Z equals that string
Okay. So what we're saying here is that we're going to create an alias. The dash G means global. So it means that this alias works. Wherever we are, it's not like directory specific. Okay. And the alias is Z. And then is Z equals that string And so what it's saying is when I type Z, you need to read it as this string. So remember in if you look in your terminal. Where. Okay. So we can we can fix that in a second. So clicky clicky. I know. Clicky clicky. And. And
And so what it's saying is when I type Z, you need to read it as this string. So remember in if you look in your terminal. Where. Okay. So we can we can fix that in a second. So clicky clicky. I know. Clicky clicky. And. And And. And. When you were when you were opening the ZSH RC file, you had to type out like till day forward slash and then Z. ZSH RC. Remember that. Okay. So what that alias says is I can just type Z. And you know it means all the rest of that crap. So try it out. Okay. Now close that file in code
And. And. When you were when you were opening the ZSH RC file, you had to type out like till day forward slash and then Z. ZSH RC. Remember that. Okay. So what that alias says is I can just type Z. And you know it means all the rest of that crap. So try it out. Okay. Now close that file in code I'm going to copy and paste these really quick just so that way. Oh, I'll just screenshot them. Screenshot. And. And. And. There. Now I have it. Okay. So cool. We have it as well. Because it's, you know, it's living on your machine. So that way I can see it without having BS code open
I'm going to copy and paste these really quick just so that way. Oh, I'll just screenshot them. Screenshot. And. And. And. There. Now I have it. Okay. So cool. We have it as well. Because it's, you know, it's living on your machine. So that way I can see it without having BS code open Like an op-hat. I can. Okay. Sure. Kind of thing. Okay. So I close that and now try the same thing. Try code space Z. And. And you've got it without having to type. Tilda forward slash Z. SH are ordered with the dot. I missed one and Mr. Character. So it's just, it's just that much. Tide here
Like an op-hat. I can. Okay. Sure. Kind of thing. Okay. So I close that and now try the same thing. Try code space Z. And. And you've got it without having to type. Tilda forward slash Z. SH are ordered with the dot. I missed one and Mr. Character. So it's just, it's just that much. Tide here Tide here. Oh nice. Oh, we deleted these. Didn't save maybe. Delete. Delete. Save. Now I'm going to try it again because I'm pretty sure I saved it this time. All right. Do. Yay. Okay
Tide here. Oh nice. Oh, we deleted these. Didn't save maybe. Delete. Delete. Save. Now I'm going to try it again because I'm pretty sure I saved it this time. All right. Do. Yay. Okay Do. Yay. Okay. So I noticed that when you were, when you wanted to test the code command, you always, you were seeding into like desktop something, something. Okay. I can do it for this. Yes. Okay. Let's do. I want to do C. And we are going to do it as for. T. See. What was it? It was desktop
Do. Yay. Okay. So I noticed that when you were, when you wanted to test the code command, you always, you were seeding into like desktop something, something. Okay. I can do it for this. Yes. Okay. Let's do. I want to do C. And we are going to do it as for. T. See. What was it? It was desktop It's desktop. It was, it was buld okay. After all, it is so easy. It was just like a three and a half. It's like a two-year-old. C. I'm so spaced out. Three wrong. Give me one up, me two. Like. Ford slash. Code. Because I don't know what's, like, which one i want
It's desktop. It was, it was buld okay. After all, it is so easy. It was just like a three and a half. It's like a two-year-old. C. I'm so spaced out. Three wrong. Give me one up, me two. Like. Ford slash. Code. Because I don't know what's, like, which one i want But do I need a CD before that? No. You are still going to type the CD. it'll imply the, it'll infer the CD. So let's just set up your directory. So that's where your code stuff lives. Yes. Okay. Cool. So save this file. Okay. And then go back to your terminal. Okay
But do I need a CD before that? No. You are still going to type the CD. it'll imply the, it'll infer the CD. So let's just set up your directory. So that's where your code stuff lives. Yes. Okay. Cool. So save this file. Okay. And then go back to your terminal. Okay Okay. Type the word source and then space and then Z because we're going to source through to reload that Z file again. Z not C. Okay. Now type just C and then enter. Oh, permission to hide. Why is that? I ran into this a bit when Anthony and I were troubleshooting it to you
Okay. Type the word source and then space and then Z because we're going to source through to reload that Z file again. Z not C. Okay. Now type just C and then enter. Oh, permission to hide. Why is that? I ran into this a bit when Anthony and I were troubleshooting it to you This was a very, very long time ago. Oh, thanks for joining us, Ramon. See you later, Ramon. See you tomorrow. Ramon and I work together for folks who don't know. So I... I... So let's search for it. The, the, just copy and paste to the Zish colon permission denied. And let's just see what we find
This was a very, very long time ago. Oh, thanks for joining us, Ramon. See you later, Ramon. See you tomorrow. Ramon and I work together for folks who don't know. So I... I... So let's search for it. The, the, just copy and paste to the Zish colon permission denied. And let's just see what we find The Google native. Hmm. Google native. So I think that it's going to be there. I saw something like a snippet that looked like it was going to say that your, you need to just give your terminal permissions. No, the sorry. That's the right, the right link
The Google native. Hmm. Google native. So I think that it's going to be there. I saw something like a snippet that looked like it was going to say that your, you need to just give your terminal permissions. No, the sorry. That's the right, the right link I think that's, there's going to be a section entitled something about give your terminal. So go down. We get bigger. Might have been the last one is blah, blah. Why? Yep. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. Okay. The list. War. I don't know why my computer says staff, but that works. Okay
I think that's, there's going to be a section entitled something about give your terminal. So go down. We get bigger. Might have been the last one is blah, blah. Why? Yep. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. Okay. The list. War. I don't know why my computer says staff, but that works. Okay Okay. And then scroll down maybe. Yeah, we're not trying to work on a particular file. So I think that there's another section after this one in the, in the webpage that's maybe more what we're looking for. Keep going. Hold on. Because I think if get info. Sorry, y'all. This is going to be tiny
Okay. And then scroll down maybe. Yeah, we're not trying to work on a particular file. So I think that there's another section after this one in the, in the webpage that's maybe more what we're looking for. Keep going. Hold on. Because I think if get info. Sorry, y'all. This is going to be tiny If you need an extension. Oh, go all the way down to the bottom sharing and. Oh, yeah. Thank you. And I should have read right. But if you look at, where it says staff, it says read only. All right
If you need an extension. Oh, go all the way down to the bottom sharing and. Oh, yeah. Thank you. And I should have read right. But if you look at, where it says staff, it says read only. All right All right. Because I think what you were noticing was that if like staff was associated or maybe you're in a staff or something, I don't remember. Yeah. I don't know why. Okay. Okay. So let's go do the refreshy, freshy
All right. Because I think what you were noticing was that if like staff was associated or maybe you're in a staff or something, I don't remember. Yeah. I don't know why. Okay. Okay. So let's go do the refreshy, freshy So it's not going to hurt anything at all to do the source Z, but we didn't actually modify anything in that Z shell RC file this time. And so it doesn't really do anything to reload the page because that file hasn't actually changed
So it's not going to hurt anything at all to do the source Z, but we didn't actually modify anything in that Z shell RC file this time. And so it doesn't really do anything to reload the page because that file hasn't actually changed Wouldn't we have just changed the permissions though? But those don't live in the Z, SHRC file. Oh, because what I was trying to do is make it so that way it was for everything. So you're saying that it needs to do. Okay. I think I'm not
Wouldn't we have just changed the permissions though? But those don't live in the Z, SHRC file. Oh, because what I was trying to do is make it so that way it was for everything. So you're saying that it needs to do. Okay. I think I'm not I think I'm not. I'm saying that we don't need to like the Z file is just not involved at the moment. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So homie says, I think staff is the default group on Mac OS. And I think that's true too. Okay. So. So. Core shell. Oh. Let's not do that because that's a whole different shell
I think I'm not. I'm saying that we don't need to like the Z file is just not involved at the moment. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So homie says, I think staff is the default group on Mac OS. And I think that's true too. Okay. So. So. Core shell. Oh. Let's not do that because that's a whole different shell Okay. So they're trying to sell us their thing and we don't want their thing. Um, okay. Okay. I like how we both pause to it. Oh. Oh, I think we maybe both hit show at the same time. And so one of us showed in the other head. Um, all right. Yeah. So that is handy
Okay. So they're trying to sell us their thing and we don't want their thing. Um, okay. Okay. I like how we both pause to it. Oh. Oh, I think we maybe both hit show at the same time. And so one of us showed in the other head. Um, all right. Yeah. So that is handy So that is handy. It's I don't think it's going to help this problem because that's that'll show like what's in the the dot files directory. But what we need to fix is this permissions problem. And I don't think that the permissions necessarily live. Well, I mean, I guess they could do
So that is handy. It's I don't think it's going to help this problem because that's that'll show like what's in the the dot files directory. But what we need to fix is this permissions problem. And I don't think that the permissions necessarily live. Well, I mean, I guess they could do But, um, yeah. Okay. So. Okay. So you can see D. So just try CDing into your, um, desktop. Dot slash code. Just going back to the beginning to make sure you need. Okay. So that's. Yeah. So you can CD into it directly, but you can't do it with an alias
But, um, yeah. Okay. So. Okay. So you can see D. So just try CDing into your, um, desktop. Dot slash code. Just going back to the beginning to make sure you need. Okay. So that's. Yeah. So you can CD into it directly, but you can't do it with an alias Because I think it's because of the users and the users have to. Yeah. Uh, hold on. System settings are actually we want these. So customize. Try it. And I need to, because it will give you the option to. You add the, um, that's not what I wanted either
Because I think it's because of the users and the users have to. Yeah. Uh, hold on. System settings are actually we want these. So customize. Try it. And I need to, because it will give you the option to. You add the, um, that's not what I wanted either To add the actual computer here, not just the home folder. Yeah. Um, go up to. View. In your, yeah. And, um, show view options. Um, show library folder. I think it's what you're looking for. Oh no. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Yeah. Oh, I don't remember. I had to fix this problem too. And I don't remember
To add the actual computer here, not just the home folder. Yeah. Um, go up to. View. In your, yeah. And, um, show view options. Um, show library folder. I think it's what you're looking for. Oh no. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Yeah. Oh, I don't remember. I had to fix this problem too. And I don't remember Uh, okay. So maybe go back up to view and. Yeah. Uh, I'm going to go here really quick. Mm hmm. Uh. What's that? Ah. Yeah. Cool. Uh, and now let's go do. Get it though. And you have read right. Okay, that's weird. But does staff. Yeah, it did. Oh, okay
Uh, okay. So maybe go back up to view and. Yeah. Uh, I'm going to go here really quick. Mm hmm. Uh. What's that? Ah. Yeah. Cool. Uh, and now let's go do. Get it though. And you have read right. Okay, that's weird. But does staff. Yeah, it did. Oh, okay Oh, okay. It was maybe covered by the, um, comment or, um, the. Showing thing. Wow. This one is read only. Okay. So let's change this. Do you read and write? What? That's for admin. Um, I have admin. But yeah, it's not going to help the staff thing though. Okay
Oh, okay. It was maybe covered by the, um, comment or, um, the. Showing thing. Wow. This one is read only. Okay. So let's change this. Do you read and write? What? That's for admin. Um, I have admin. But yeah, it's not going to help the staff thing though. Okay Okay. You know what? In our last few minutes. Uh, I want to backburner this if you don't mind and, and maybe. Um, I can stay on because I actually, um, my company takes the last Monday of every month off. No, I can't stay late because I have a meeting with somebody else. That's right. Okay
Okay. You know what? In our last few minutes. Uh, I want to backburner this if you don't mind and, and maybe. Um, I can stay on because I actually, um, my company takes the last Monday of every month off. No, I can't stay late because I have a meeting with somebody else. That's right. Okay That's right. Okay. That's okay. That's okay. We can work on this part another time. I wanted to show you a few other things that are in the Z shell, RC file that make life nice. I'm not going to lie. I'm so hyper fixated on this that I feel like we can do that under your time
That's right. Okay. That's okay. That's okay. We can work on this part another time. I wanted to show you a few other things that are in the Z shell, RC file that make life nice. I'm not going to lie. I'm so hyper fixated on this that I feel like we can do that under your time It's just not going to sink in. I'm going to be like, but I kind of figure out this problem. I don't know if anybody else has that. It's really annoying
It's just not going to sink in. I'm going to be like, but I kind of figure out this problem. I don't know if anybody else has that. It's really annoying It's really annoying when you get hyper fixated on something and you're like, I want to think about other things and talk about other things, but. When it doesn't. So, um, but I think that's where we should start next time. Because I really like the aliases that was fun
It's really annoying when you get hyper fixated on something and you're like, I want to think about other things and talk about other things, but. When it doesn't. So, um, but I think that's where we should start next time. Because I really like the aliases that was fun And so you can see, um, the other aliases that I have, like, I have some get ones actually just added those yesterday. For for some things that, uh, like get checkout main, like the ones that I type the most frequently. So now like that I can just, I've just aliased as GM. So I can just GM
And so you can see, um, the other aliases that I have, like, I have some get ones actually just added those yesterday. For for some things that, uh, like get checkout main, like the ones that I type the most frequently. So now like that I can just, I've just aliased as GM. So I can just GM So I can just GM. But I did not alias things that could fuck shit up. So I did not alias push, for instance, like get push. Mm-hmm. Things like that. Because I'm not that brave. Because I'll fuck shit. I'm totally looking at one of these things again. Mm-hmm
So I can just GM. But I did not alias things that could fuck shit up. So I did not alias push, for instance, like get push. Mm-hmm. Things like that. Because I'm not that brave. Because I'll fuck shit. I'm totally looking at one of these things again. Mm-hmm Mm-hmm. And it's weird because I used to do this when I worked at media temple, uh, for server stuff. Uh, um, long, long time ago. And I think that's why it's also driving me so insane. It's because I'm used to do this. So why don't I know what it is? Mm-hmm
Mm-hmm. And it's weird because I used to do this when I worked at media temple, uh, for server stuff. Uh, um, long, long time ago. And I think that's why it's also driving me so insane. It's because I'm used to do this. So why don't I know what it is? Mm-hmm So I think that's the other very, very annoying part of it. Mm-hmm. So this is what I'm going to be doing for the next. I get fixed. Mm-hmm. I'm not hungry enough to walk away. Which is how it happens first
So I think that's the other very, very annoying part of it. Mm-hmm. So this is what I'm going to be doing for the next. I get fixed. Mm-hmm. I'm not hungry enough to walk away. Which is how it happens first I'm going to send you a link to a blog post of mine, um, where I said, uh, oh, I'm hearing so. Um, I mean, I made a list of my favorite tech resources. I think I maybe also linked this last week. But, um, it has some of my, oh, here it is. This, this, I'll just link you directly to this
I'm going to send you a link to a blog post of mine, um, where I said, uh, oh, I'm hearing so. Um, I mean, I made a list of my favorite tech resources. I think I maybe also linked this last week. But, um, it has some of my, oh, here it is. This, this, I'll just link you directly to this This is, um, a knee, an article with lots of information about optimizing your terminal experience. Here we go. Yay! Thank you. So we could do this next time. Okay. I mean, setting up, um, oh, my position, uh, syntax highlighting and all that stuff
This is, um, a knee, an article with lots of information about optimizing your terminal experience. Here we go. Yay! Thank you. So we could do this next time. Okay. I mean, setting up, um, oh, my position, uh, syntax highlighting and all that stuff Could you send this in the private chat, too, please? Mm-hmm. Oh, wait, wait. No, it just took a minute. I don't know why it wasn't showing up for me. I got it now. Thank you. Yay! Well, thank you for co-hosting with me once again. Yes
Could you send this in the private chat, too, please? Mm-hmm. Oh, wait, wait. No, it just took a minute. I don't know why it wasn't showing up for me. I got it now. Thank you. Yay! Well, thank you for co-hosting with me once again. Yes Yes. My days are the best even when I get really, really frustrated. And all I want to do is figure this out. No, it's sometimes really fun and really annoying. And once again, I'm not here. Yes, yes. And thank you again, everyone who has shared that I'm post looking for a job
Yes. My days are the best even when I get really, really frustrated. And all I want to do is figure this out. No, it's sometimes really fun and really annoying. And once again, I'm not here. Yes, yes. And thank you again, everyone who has shared that I'm post looking for a job I greatly, greatly appreciated. And we will be back actually on Friday to do Python. Yes. So see you Friday and see everyone tomorrow for TypeScript. It's going to be fun. All right. Bye, Laura. Thank you. Oh, I got a raid. Yes. Let's raid. Let's raid. I got to find somebody to raid, too. Mm
I greatly, greatly appreciated. And we will be back actually on Friday to do Python. Yes. So see you Friday and see everyone tomorrow for TypeScript. It's going to be fun. All right. Bye, Laura. Thank you. Oh, I got a raid. Yes. Let's raid. Let's raid. I got to find somebody to raid, too. Mm Mm. Y'all this always gets me really distracted. It's because I'm like, I got a raid. Who do we raid to? You got to find somebody alive. Uh, too. This person looks cool. We'll raid to them. You need. Raid, Laura. Pretty sure she's on the internet stream here soon. Sure. Sure. Yes
Mm. Y'all this always gets me really distracted. It's because I'm like, I got a raid. Who do we raid to? You got to find somebody alive. Uh, too. This person looks cool. We'll raid to them. You need. Raid, Laura. Pretty sure she's on the internet stream here soon. Sure. Sure. Yes Sure. Sure. Yes. That could be fun though. That could be fun. Um, raid and Oh, Kadookey. So, um, I can't raid to them either. Let's dumb. Okay. This is me learning and, uh, not anything against anyone. I just, uh, it's kind of. Just frustrating when I can't and I really want to. All right
Sure. Sure. Yes. That could be fun though. That could be fun. Um, raid and Oh, Kadookey. So, um, I can't raid to them either. Let's dumb. Okay. This is me learning and, uh, not anything against anyone. I just, uh, it's kind of. Just frustrating when I can't and I really want to. All right All right. You guys aren't getting ready today. It's just not going to happen. All right. Bye everybody. Bye.
All right. You guys aren't getting ready today. It's just not going to happen. All right. Bye everybody. Bye.