Hello, hello beautiful humans. Welcome to another episode of Teach Jan Tech with one of our favorite returning guests. Ben. Hello, I'm back. I wanted to, you know, I wanted to prove to myself into the world that I could talk about something other than accessibility So instead I'm talking about a semi obscure static site generator today. That is also accessible. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So we're getting there. We are getting there. You know, you know, I can, I can come out of my shell a bit, you know
So instead I'm talking about a semi obscure static site generator today. That is also accessible. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So we're getting there. We are getting there. You know, you know, I can, I can come out of my shell a bit, you know I am very, very excited for this one because we've had a few people on from Netlify and I was, I'm very excited that we're, I'm finally learning Netlify
I am very, very excited for this one because we've had a few people on from Netlify and I was, I'm very excited that we're, I'm finally learning Netlify And I was talking about, you know, on last week, Nick from Netlify came on and was talking about using 11 to and I was like, I get it, but I don't get it. Like how you go from like a to Z. And then you offered and I was like, yeah, this is going to be great
And I was talking about, you know, on last week, Nick from Netlify came on and was talking about using 11 to and I was like, I get it, but I don't get it. Like how you go from like a to Z. And then you offered and I was like, yeah, this is going to be great But I want to ask you kind of before we go in, like what have you heard of 11D? Like in your mind, what is it or is this like a completely blank canvas? I think it's easier to show you. Give me a second and get a browser. I need to present my screen. There we go. I can do this
But I want to ask you kind of before we go in, like what have you heard of 11D? Like in your mind, what is it or is this like a completely blank canvas? I think it's easier to show you. Give me a second and get a browser. I need to present my screen. There we go. I can do this I can do this. And is your website some antics or is it bendy Myers? I've got two websites. One is Ben Myers dot dev. The other is some antics dot dev. They're both 11D. So when I think about 11D, it's, I don't know, it's the layout
I can do this. And is your website some antics or is it bendy Myers? I've got two websites. One is Ben Myers dot dev. The other is some antics dot dev. They're both 11D. So when I think about 11D, it's, I don't know, it's the layout But this is like part of it that I don't know if it's something that your site does because of 11 to you or if it's something else, but he does this. I added the highlights myself
But this is like part of it that I don't know if it's something that your site does because of 11 to you or if it's something else, but he does this. I added the highlights myself Actually, all the design here is mine, which I guess to a very interesting point about 11D, which is that, oh, basically, if recurring theme that we will see today is that, it's only an opinion. 11D's only opinion is that it should not get in the way of your opinions
Actually, all the design here is mine, which I guess to a very interesting point about 11D, which is that, oh, basically, if recurring theme that we will see today is that, it's only an opinion. 11D's only opinion is that it should not get in the way of your opinions And so anytime you're seeing like an 11D site is basically entirely made from scratch. Like people have gone in and written the HTML themselves. They've done the design work. Right. So this isn't 11D doing like design magic or anything like this
And so anytime you're seeing like an 11D site is basically entirely made from scratch. Like people have gone in and written the HTML themselves. They've done the design work. Right. So this isn't 11D doing like design magic or anything like this 11 is just a tool that some folks have used to create websites with their vision. And the reason I brought up Nick's website is because it's also the line. The line makes me think 11D. Because I think that's just a coincidence
11 is just a tool that some folks have used to create websites with their vision. And the reason I brought up Nick's website is because it's also the line. The line makes me think 11D. Because I think that's just a coincidence Honestly, it's just, it's just CSS as Anthony says, right? Like we just happen to have similar design interests. So that is what I know of 11T. Sure. So 11D is what's called a static site generator. And Anthony has a great call out in the chat
Honestly, it's just, it's just CSS as Anthony says, right? Like we just happen to have similar design interests. So that is what I know of 11T. Sure. So 11D is what's called a static site generator. And Anthony has a great call out in the chat Like, have you heard of static site generators? And what do you think those are? I'm working on figuring out a word for it. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. I would. I think static site generators are like. Like website builders. Sure. Yeah
Like, have you heard of static site generators? And what do you think those are? I'm working on figuring out a word for it. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. I would. I think static site generators are like. Like website builders. Sure. Yeah Sure. Yeah. In the fact that you put content there and it stays there and a static site generator just helps you generate it. It helps you create it and just put in content. You take content, you put it in there and you don't have to figure out anything. Yeah. Yeah. And a key point, right? Yeah
Sure. Yeah. In the fact that you put content there and it stays there and a static site generator just helps you generate it. It helps you create it and just put in content. You take content, you put it in there and you don't have to figure out anything. Yeah. Yeah. And a key point, right? Yeah You're taking this content. But the output is plain old HTML. Okay. So you've got different web frameworks that all kind of work via different approaches. Maybe I'll just give the world's like briefest and most abstract history of web development. Here. I think that this will help
You're taking this content. But the output is plain old HTML. Okay. So you've got different web frameworks that all kind of work via different approaches. Maybe I'll just give the world's like briefest and most abstract history of web development. Here. I think that this will help So in, you know, the earliest days of the web, you know, like we want HTML, right? Like this is what we've got. Like that's the language of the web, right? Is HTML
So in, you know, the earliest days of the web, you know, like we want HTML, right? Like this is what we've got. Like that's the language of the web, right? Is HTML So if you have a website, what you've done is you've like manually artistically handwritten some HTML files and you've stuck them on a server somewhere. Right. My space. My space comes later. But yeah
So if you have a website, what you've done is you've like manually artistically handwritten some HTML files and you've stuck them on a server somewhere. Right. My space. My space comes later. But yeah But yeah. So you're like in the earliest days, right? Like is pure static, right? Like you've written some HTML and it lives on a server, right? It's unchanging unless when you, like it only changes when you go in and like manually update those files, right? It's very artisanal, very handcrafted
But yeah. So you're like in the earliest days, right? Like is pure static, right? Like you've written some HTML and it lives on a server, right? It's unchanging unless when you, like it only changes when you go in and like manually update those files, right? It's very artisanal, very handcrafted And then you can't do some problems, right? Because hand crafting files like that. You don't get dynamic contents, right? You can't respond to things in real time and you can't really accept user submissions and stuff like that. So you want websites that can change over time
And then you can't do some problems, right? Because hand crafting files like that. You don't get dynamic contents, right? You can't respond to things in real time and you can't really accept user submissions and stuff like that. So you want websites that can change over time Think about, for instance, like what if we built a lovely website or whatever. And then like, you know, where we created every HTML file individually. And then we, like, are business partners come back to us and they're like Jen, we need to change the nav bar
Think about, for instance, like what if we built a lovely website or whatever. And then like, you know, where we created every HTML file individually. And then we, like, are business partners come back to us and they're like Jen, we need to change the nav bar And so you have to go to like each of those HTML files and like manually edit the nav bar, right? That's painful. You don't want to do that. So different approaches kind of spin off of this kind of problem, right? You want to be able to change things across a lot of pages. I want
And so you have to go to like each of those HTML files and like manually edit the nav bar, right? That's painful. You don't want to do that. So different approaches kind of spin off of this kind of problem, right? You want to be able to change things across a lot of pages. I want I want. And you, in many cases, want to respond to real time changes to data. And the approach you can have is called server side rendering. This is where you still got a server, but anytime someone's device reaches out to that server, that server builds a new HTML page on demand
I want. And you, in many cases, want to respond to real time changes to data. And the approach you can have is called server side rendering. This is where you still got a server, but anytime someone's device reaches out to that server, that server builds a new HTML page on demand And this is in the early stage, like this is using tools like PHP or Ruby on rails or ASP.net. A lot of those tools are still in use today. But that's the general ideas you reach out to a server that server creates a new page for you
And this is in the early stage, like this is using tools like PHP or Ruby on rails or ASP.net. A lot of those tools are still in use today. But that's the general ideas you reach out to a server that server creates a new page for you And this is pretty cool because that server can kind of keep track of who you are. This is what's called a session and it can kind of update things in real time based on who you are. It's customizing a page for you. But servers have their own kind of downsides. One, maintaining a server, painful
And this is pretty cool because that server can kind of keep track of who you are. This is what's called a session and it can kind of update things in real time based on who you are. It's customizing a page for you. But servers have their own kind of downsides. One, maintaining a server, painful You don't want to do that. No one wants to maintain a server. Also, if your website goes viral and gets way more traffic than you expected, the server goes down. No fun. So these are kind of some trade offs you get from there. And. Oh, hey, we got lots of fun folks in the chat
You don't want to do that. No one wants to maintain a server. Also, if your website goes viral and gets way more traffic than you expected, the server goes down. No fun. So these are kind of some trade offs you get from there. And. Oh, hey, we got lots of fun folks in the chat How do you have it? I would like try not to get caught. No, it's so good. So there's, you know, other approaches you end up in this world called client side rendering, which is where you're going to get a server
How do you have it? I would like try not to get caught. No, it's so good. So there's, you know, other approaches you end up in this world called client side rendering, which is where you're going to get a server So right now, anythingable type owners online stuff likeoney, whatever, what kind of event you rate in a server. What's the key point of how players go to the Server and Publish them on one web di них to go live and then
So right now, anythingable type owners online stuff likeoney, whatever, what kind of event you rate in a server. What's the key point of how players go to the Server and Publish them on one web di них to go live and then Then the server will umbrella stakeholders and they will let their users love that function. Moments they willilia publicly. regions and the development of this 어떤. And what if they get paid. Maybe in government projects you'll get paid
Then the server will umbrella stakeholders and they will let their users love that function. Moments they willilia publicly. regions and the development of this 어떤. And what if they get paid. Maybe in government projects you'll get paid And this comes from the Store privacy crackdown Calisst kafittor, because it turns out broadly speaking, doing things with JavaScript is slower than doing things with just raw HTML. There's other things too. That's where things like quick or nuts, three work of hydration and stuff
And this comes from the Store privacy crackdown Calisst kafittor, because it turns out broadly speaking, doing things with JavaScript is slower than doing things with just raw HTML. There's other things too. That's where things like quick or nuts, three work of hydration and stuff Yeah, basically, folks start hybridizing these approaches. What if we could have something that created raw HTML, but then also linked the JavaScript necessary to make this into a dynamic interactive experience and stuff like that
Yeah, basically, folks start hybridizing these approaches. What if we could have something that created raw HTML, but then also linked the JavaScript necessary to make this into a dynamic interactive experience and stuff like that But all of this while, the dream of just having HTML files on a server, like pre-made HTML files, that dream never died. And some people decided to write quick scripts that could take your content and just apply some HTML around it and then generate some files, some boring HTML files
But all of this while, the dream of just having HTML files on a server, like pre-made HTML files, that dream never died. And some people decided to write quick scripts that could take your content and just apply some HTML around it and then generate some files, some boring HTML files And you could stick those HTML files on a server, or a content delivery network of your choice. And that is a static site generator. It takes your content, smacks it into some HTML, and then at the end of the day, you've got some boring HTML files
And you could stick those HTML files on a server, or a content delivery network of your choice. And that is a static site generator. It takes your content, smacks it into some HTML, and then at the end of the day, you've got some boring HTML files And so the most popular, like the kind of biggest static site generator historically has been Jekyll, which was built for built in Rails. Sorry, built in Ruby. That's the correct word
And so the most popular, like the kind of biggest static site generator historically has been Jekyll, which was built for built in Rails. Sorry, built in Ruby. That's the correct word But my favorite static site generator is 11D, which takes a lot of inspiration from Jekyll, but it's built in JavaScript. It's built for node. And so that's what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be playing with a script where it'll just transform content into HTML
But my favorite static site generator is 11D, which takes a lot of inspiration from Jekyll, but it's built in JavaScript. It's built for node. And so that's what we're going to be doing today is we're going to be playing with a script where it'll just transform content into HTML We decide what that HTML looks like. We decide what the styles are. All it's doing is handling the typing the content into the HTML that we specify. Um, um, to Anthony's comment really quick is Jekyll was created by Tom, the same dude that created Redwood and GitHub
We decide what that HTML looks like. We decide what the styles are. All it's doing is handling the typing the content into the HTML that we specify. Um, um, to Anthony's comment really quick is Jekyll was created by Tom, the same dude that created Redwood and GitHub And I was like, Tom, like my space. No, regrettably. I'm like, I'm very stuck on my space, apparently right now. And so really quick to like add to what you were in like just fact checking myself, I guess, is so
And I was like, Tom, like my space. No, regrettably. I'm like, I'm very stuck on my space, apparently right now. And so really quick to like add to what you were in like just fact checking myself, I guess, is so And then when I was comparing like square space, square space isn't because it's mostly in, let's see, I'm seeing CSS. So not necessarily HTML. It's hard to tell what this view. I'm not actually sure how it's square space handles this. Okay. I'll give it another time. Yeah. But yeah, so 11
And then when I was comparing like square space, square space isn't because it's mostly in, let's see, I'm seeing CSS. So not necessarily HTML. It's hard to tell what this view. I'm not actually sure how it's square space handles this. Okay. I'll give it another time. Yeah. But yeah, so 11 But yeah, so 11. All you need to know really is that it is a factory that takes it like your, your content and just transforms into HTML and it's incredibly flexible. We're just only going to scratch the surface of it today. And what I want to build is a pet showcase site
But yeah, so 11. All you need to know really is that it is a factory that takes it like your, your content and just transforms into HTML and it's incredibly flexible. We're just only going to scratch the surface of it today. And what I want to build is a pet showcase site Um, this is inspired by my friend Mike every so who has his own pet showcase site. Also, but with 11. It's dogs of dev. You'll see. Today's inspiration. We're not going to make anything as pretty as this, but this is the inspiration
Um, this is inspired by my friend Mike every so who has his own pet showcase site. Also, but with 11. It's dogs of dev. You'll see. Today's inspiration. We're not going to make anything as pretty as this, but this is the inspiration And you can click any one of these dogs and it'll take you to an info page about those dogs. But they're all so cute. They are. I don't know which one to click. Okay. Let's click this one. Nova. So we can see that Nova is owned by Robert Perez, who is a senior full seconds in here. Right
And you can click any one of these dogs and it'll take you to an info page about those dogs. But they're all so cute. They are. I don't know which one to click. Okay. Let's click this one. Nova. So we can see that Nova is owned by Robert Perez, who is a senior full seconds in here. Right Right. And this one has a bit of a description, right? Like this tells you a bit about Matilda. Um, and we're out. Yeah. So we're not going to have anything quite as complete as this. But Dan mall's incredible. He's dead. Dan mall. Dan mall is an incredible figure in the field of design systems
Right. And this one has a bit of a description, right? Like this tells you a bit about Matilda. Um, and we're out. Yeah. So we're not going to have anything quite as complete as this. But Dan mall's incredible. He's dead. Dan mall. Dan mall is an incredible figure in the field of design systems So good. Okay. Cool. So. We're not going to get anything that looks quite as good as dogs of dev. It's not going to be quite as complete. But that is the general idea is we're just going to create a pet showcase project. Cool. Cool. Yes
So good. Okay. Cool. So. We're not going to get anything that looks quite as good as dogs of dev. It's not going to be quite as complete. But that is the general idea is we're just going to create a pet showcase project. Cool. Cool. Yes Cool. Cool. Yes. So ahead of time, I created a repo that just has the bare minimum boilerplate, like, and not even that may. Mainly, I just didn't want to have to like struggle through like installing everything. Uh, ahead of time, like we just kind of took care of that. Um, but yeah
Cool. Cool. Yes. So ahead of time, I created a repo that just has the bare minimum boilerplate, like, and not even that may. Mainly, I just didn't want to have to like struggle through like installing everything. Uh, ahead of time, like we just kind of took care of that. Um, but yeah Um, but yeah. So we've got the like an incredibly small project. Actually, do you want to link out to the repo so that folks at home can kind of see what we've already got? Yes. Already did. Cool. We're talking. Um, and for anybody curious, all the work that Laura and I did on Monday
Um, but yeah. So we've got the like an incredibly small project. Actually, do you want to link out to the repo so that folks at home can kind of see what we've already got? Yes. Already did. Cool. We're talking. Um, and for anybody curious, all the work that Laura and I did on Monday I can't open code dot. It's still too. So I'll be like troubleshooting that later. It's going to be great. All right. But yes, this is the. The repo. Yeah. So let's go ahead and. I mean, maybe we just create our own like first bit of content. So go ahead and open up that source directory
I can't open code dot. It's still too. So I'll be like troubleshooting that later. It's going to be great. All right. But yes, this is the. The repo. Yeah. So let's go ahead and. I mean, maybe we just create our own like first bit of content. So go ahead and open up that source directory And inside source, there's already an assets folder. But can you add just. Here we go. Yeah, we got a few few pets. Uh, we've got my tuna and cupcake and we've got your Fiona. Um, she likes to get made into the bed. Nice. Um, so can you just go ahead and inside source, create a new file
And inside source, there's already an assets folder. But can you add just. Here we go. Yeah, we got a few few pets. Uh, we've got my tuna and cupcake and we've got your Fiona. Um, she likes to get made into the bed. Nice. Um, so can you just go ahead and inside source, create a new file Let's call it like test.md. And I know that VS code is. And I know that VS code is nesting this. So it's put test.md inside source slash assets. Can you just click and drag that to the word source. There you go. Um, cool
Let's call it like test.md. And I know that VS code is. And I know that VS code is nesting this. So it's put test.md inside source slash assets. Can you just click and drag that to the word source. There you go. Um, cool Um, cool. So how is your markdown? How do you like are you good with markdown? Are you comfortable with markdown? Comfortable. Yes. But I do always like look up. Like the cheat code. So that way. I'm like, oh, okay, cool. Like sure. All right, let's just put in a bit of markdown. Not too too much
Um, cool. So how is your markdown? How do you like are you good with markdown? Are you comfortable with markdown? Comfortable. Yes. But I do always like look up. Like the cheat code. So that way. I'm like, oh, okay, cool. Like sure. All right, let's just put in a bit of markdown. Not too too much Not too too much. Just a little bit. Let's put a first level heading. So you're just going to do a pound sign. Um, and let's add. Uh, do a quick space. Um, and then just like add just a little bit of text. This is a. We're eventually going to remove this file. But
Not too too much. Just a little bit. Let's put a first level heading. So you're just going to do a pound sign. Um, and let's add. Uh, do a quick space. Um, and then just like add just a little bit of text. This is a. We're eventually going to remove this file. But But. This is just a kind of briefly show us what. 11D is doing. All right. Uh, go ahead and hit enter twice and then maybe put in like a quick sentence of text or something like that. All right. All right. Maybe. Okay. Yeah. And maybe surround, uh, the word better in asterisk
But. This is just a kind of briefly show us what. 11D is doing. All right. Uh, go ahead and hit enter twice and then maybe put in like a quick sentence of text or something like that. All right. All right. Maybe. Okay. Yeah. And maybe surround, uh, the word better in asterisk So we can get some like italics, uh, italics going on. And then we can get some. Cool. All right, let's go ahead and save this and open up our terminal. Uh, you'll want to save the file first. Yeah. Yeah. You did say that. You did say that. All right. And we're going to run a command
So we can get some like italics, uh, italics going on. And then we can get some. Cool. All right, let's go ahead and save this and open up our terminal. Uh, you'll want to save the file first. Yeah. Yeah. You did say that. You did say that. All right. And we're going to run a command And this is going to be npx space. 11D. And this is going to run a bill. This is going to run 11D on our file. And it's going to just like run up like make a build of our site. And we're going to see a few things here. All right. And now in your directory, you've actually got a new folder
And this is going to be npx space. 11D. And this is going to run a bill. This is going to run 11D on our file. And it's going to just like run up like make a build of our site. And we're going to see a few things here. All right. And now in your directory, you've actually got a new folder It's grayed out, but it's called underscore site. Uh, you can pop this open in a VS code if you want. There's an underscore site directory. Uh, is that the very top of the list? Oh, thank you. Um, you. There you go. So this is our built site. And interesting
It's grayed out, but it's called underscore site. Uh, you can pop this open in a VS code if you want. There's an underscore site directory. Uh, is that the very top of the list? Oh, thank you. Um, you. There you go. So this is our built site. And interesting And interesting. What do you notice? It has a read me and the source files. So we can put this source in the sources and the source files. Hold on. So sure, right? So what it's doing, what 11D is on is. 11D recognizes certain file types as what we call templates
And interesting. What do you notice? It has a read me and the source files. So we can put this source in the sources and the source files. Hold on. So sure, right? So what it's doing, what 11D is on is. 11D recognizes certain file types as what we call templates Uh, template is just a file that content can be in. And so there's several accepted file types. HTML files can count as templates. Markdown files can liquid and nonejobs, which are template languages. Those files get picked up as templates
Uh, template is just a file that content can be in. And so there's several accepted file types. HTML files can count as templates. Markdown files can liquid and nonejobs, which are template languages. Those files get picked up as templates And 11 is going to look for every possible template file in the, like root of your directory. And it's going to go ahead and build it as HTML. So if you pop open, for instance, uh, that source folder. Inside underscore site. And there is actually this like test folder and inside test
And 11 is going to look for every possible template file in the, like root of your directory. And it's going to go ahead and build it as HTML. So if you pop open, for instance, uh, that source folder. Inside underscore site. And there is actually this like test folder and inside test There's indexed HTML. Let's go ahead and take a look at that. Oh, that's fun. So yeah, it just created HTML. Now this HTML, I should say, is not particularly complete. A full HTML document would have a lot more stuff going on. It would have a head tag
There's indexed HTML. Let's go ahead and take a look at that. Oh, that's fun. So yeah, it just created HTML. Now this HTML, I should say, is not particularly complete. A full HTML document would have a lot more stuff going on. It would have a head tag It would have a body tag, right? This is a fragment of the HTML that we would actually hope. Uh, to have on our page. But. 11 is taken our markdown and created some HTML. Um, and incidentally, it's done it again with readme.md, right? Which is just this project level thing
It would have a body tag, right? This is a fragment of the HTML that we would actually hope. Uh, to have on our page. But. 11 is taken our markdown and created some HTML. Um, and incidentally, it's done it again with readme.md, right? Which is just this project level thing So if you pop open read me. Yep. And pop open indexed HTML. You can see it's, it's done the same kind of thing, right? And that's fancy. It is. Um, now. 11 by default is going to use like our kind of top level directory, right? But if you think about it, that's not especially helpful for us
So if you pop open read me. Yep. And pop open indexed HTML. You can see it's, it's done the same kind of thing, right? And that's fancy. It is. Um, now. 11 by default is going to use like our kind of top level directory, right? But if you think about it, that's not especially helpful for us Because in a lot of real world projects, we like to use the like markdown files in the top level. Or just any file in the top level really for like project. And we're going to use the meta files in a way. Things like read me or contributing, right? We don't want that to live on our website
Because in a lot of real world projects, we like to use the like markdown files in the top level. Or just any file in the top level really for like project. And we're going to use the meta files in a way. Things like read me or contributing, right? We don't want that to live on our website So let's go ahead and configure 11. So first, let's go ahead and delete the underscore site directory. This way we'll get a completely fresh build. We won't have leftover artifacts. Yeah. And you'll notice that there's this file called dot 11.js. Yeah. So this is an 11.0 config file
So let's go ahead and configure 11. So first, let's go ahead and delete the underscore site directory. This way we'll get a completely fresh build. We won't have leftover artifacts. Yeah. And you'll notice that there's this file called dot 11.js. Yeah. So this is an 11.0 config file0 config file. I have added in some comments that are going to help us do some auto complete those comments that you see there are completely optional. Let's just going to help us with some auto complete that we've got. And you'll notice that it's returning this object, right? Online seven. Yes
0 config file. I have added in some comments that are going to help us do some auto complete those comments that you see there are completely optional. Let's just going to help us with some auto complete that we've got. And you'll notice that it's returning this object, right? Online seven. Yes Yes. Go ahead and inside that object. Just go ahead and start a new line. And we're going to configure 11.0's input directory. We're going to tell it, hey, even though the root of the project is this, we actually want source to be treated as kind of the top of our project
Yes. Go ahead and inside that object. Just go ahead and start a new line. And we're going to configure 11.0's input directory. We're going to tell it, hey, even though the root of the project is this, we actually want source to be treated as kind of the top of our project That way, everything is relative to source things that are outside of source. Don't get like wrapped up in our site, you know. And so the way we do that is we write, der, short for directory. So that's DIR. And then backspace one and then hit colon. And this is going to be an object
That way, everything is relative to source things that are outside of source. Don't get like wrapped up in our site, you know. And so the way we do that is we write, der, short for directory. So that's DIR. And then backspace one and then hit colon. And this is going to be an object So hit space and then you're going to do some curly braces. And hit enter. And now we're going to specify input. So start typing input. Yep. Column. This is going to be a string. And you're going to put src for source. You're going to save this. And now let's go back to our terminal
So hit space and then you're going to do some curly braces. And hit enter. And now we're going to specify input. So start typing input. Yep. Column. This is going to be a string. And you're going to put src for source. You're going to save this. And now let's go back to our terminal And let's just rerun that npx 11d command. And let's take a look at our new underscore site. What do you notice? It only has the dot html. And that's a HTML. Well, so and you'll notice it's inside test, right? So if this were deployed on a site, a user could go to your URL slash test slash
And let's just rerun that npx 11d command. And let's take a look at our new underscore site. What do you notice? It only has the dot html. And that's a HTML. Well, so and you'll notice it's inside test, right? So if this were deployed on a site, a user could go to your URL slash test slash And then you can see that it's a little bit more complicated. So it's a little bit more complicated. Basic default browser behavior. If there's an index. HTML inside of a directory, then you don't actually need to say index. HTML. So this has created the slash test slash route
And then you can see that it's a little bit more complicated. So it's a little bit more complicated. Basic default browser behavior. If there's an index. HTML inside of a directory, then you don't actually need to say index. HTML. So this has created the slash test slash route It's a little harder to tell because again, VS code is like kind of combining nested folders. But you've created a slash test page. Yeah. Cool. How are you feeling about this so far? Things kind of making sense? Yes, it's giving me ideas of where to continue researching so far
It's a little harder to tell because again, VS code is like kind of combining nested folders. But you've created a slash test page. Yeah. Cool. How are you feeling about this so far? Things kind of making sense? Yes, it's giving me ideas of where to continue researching so far But at the same time, like visualizing it, like actually as it shows up too. Yeah. So tell you what, can you pop open that package.json file? That's package lock. Okay. Okay. So notice on lines six through nine, we describe some scripts. So there's a build script, which maps to 11
But at the same time, like visualizing it, like actually as it shows up too. Yeah. So tell you what, can you pop open that package.json file? That's package lock. Okay. Okay. So notice on lines six through nine, we describe some scripts. So there's a build script, which maps to 11 And there's a dev script that maps to 11. So from now on, we're not going to run npx 11. We're if we want to make a build, we can just say npm run build
And there's a dev script that maps to 11. So from now on, we're not going to run npx 11. We're if we want to make a build, we can just say npm run build Or even better for local development, we might want a dev server that like responds to changes as we make them that we can like go ahead and pull up in our browser. And that's going to be dev. So in your terminal, can you run npm run dev for me? Is it run dev one word or two words? Two words
Or even better for local development, we might want a dev server that like responds to changes as we make them that we can like go ahead and pull up in our browser. And that's going to be dev. So in your terminal, can you run npm run dev for me? Is it run dev one word or two words? Two words And there you go. So it tells you that this is hosted at HTTP colon slash slash local host 3000. So let's go ahead and pop that up in our browser. And also as a heads up, jbw there, it will also be available on YouTube right away. Yeah. It's because it always like things long
And there you go. So it tells you that this is hosted at HTTP colon slash slash local host 3000. So let's go ahead and pop that up in our browser. And also as a heads up, jbw there, it will also be available on YouTube right away. Yeah. It's because it always like things long Oh, let's let's take a look at this. And this is actually going to error out because we don't have a root page, right? There's nothing at slash, but there is something at slash test. So go ahead and update your URL to be slash test. There you go. All right
Oh, let's let's take a look at this. And this is actually going to error out because we don't have a root page, right? There's nothing at slash, but there is something at slash test. So go ahead and update your URL to be slash test. There you go. All right All right. And can we have, we're going to have two windows on screen at the same time. One will be your browser kind of smushed to one side. And then the other will be your terminal, sorry, not your terminal, your editor. Oh, hey, this is my camera that I use. It's kind of cool that it does. Nice
All right. And can we have, we're going to have two windows on screen at the same time. One will be your browser kind of smushed to one side. And then the other will be your terminal, sorry, not your terminal, your editor. Oh, hey, this is my camera that I use. It's kind of cool that it does. Nice Nice. But all right. Yeah. So I want to show you, you'll probably have gotten similar experiences like this from other kind of frameworks you've used. And as we make changes now that we're running the dev server, as we make changes, our site will update automatically. So let's go back to that test
Nice. But all right. Yeah. So I want to show you, you'll probably have gotten similar experiences like this from other kind of frameworks you've used. And as we make changes now that we're running the dev server, as we make changes, our site will update automatically. So let's go back to that testmd. Hold on. So I file it. There we go. Yeah. And go ahead and just make a small change. And oh, yeah. And save. And boom. It's already updated on the left hand side. That's fine. Yeah. So prior to 11 to 2.0. Actually, 11 to actually technically is not on 2.0. We're using a canary release of 2.0
md. Hold on. So I file it. There we go. Yeah. And go ahead and just make a small change. And oh, yeah. And save. And boom. It's already updated on the left hand side. That's fine. Yeah. So prior to 11 to 2.0. Actually, 11 to actually technically is not on 2.0. We're using a canary release of 2.00. But prior to 2.0, 11 to use a dev server called browser sync. It removes some of the pain points that we will never have to see in our learning process. So just to call out, this is a lot of these own custom homegrown dev server and it is incredible. Cool
0. But prior to 2.0, 11 to use a dev server called browser sync. It removes some of the pain points that we will never have to see in our learning process. So just to call out, this is a lot of these own custom homegrown dev server and it is incredible. Cool Cool. But we're not here to just see some words on pages, right? We want to see pets. That would be that would be cool, right? It would be nice to have some pets. So let's go ahead and. I think every pet should have their own page. What do you think? Yes. Okay
Cool. But we're not here to just see some words on pages, right? We want to see pets. That would be that would be cool, right? It would be nice to have some pets. So let's go ahead and. I think every pet should have their own page. What do you think? Yes. Okay Okay. Now I'm going to ask for your opinion. When you visit this on your website, should those pages be like slash cupcake or should they be something like slash pets slash cupcake? I was saying slash pet slash cupcake because if I want to be able to. So I think that's a great idea
Okay. Now I'm going to ask for your opinion. When you visit this on your website, should those pages be like slash cupcake or should they be something like slash pets slash cupcake? I was saying slash pet slash cupcake because if I want to be able to. So I think that's a great idea So I think that's a great idea. So I think that's a great idea. Add more to the site. Yeah. It's a good strategy. So inside source. Create a pet's directory. And then. Oh. Yeah. Anthony answered their own question. That looks like no. But bite is. Yeah. All right. Yeah. And inside pets
So I think that's a great idea. So I think that's a great idea. Add more to the site. Yeah. It's a good strategy. So inside source. Create a pet's directory. And then. Oh. Yeah. Anthony answered their own question. That looks like no. But bite is. Yeah. All right. Yeah. And inside pets And inside pets. Let's go ahead and create a markdown file called Keona dot MD. Don't know why the cursor didn't land in there. Sometimes that happens with VS code. It's weird. All right. All right. So let's. Let's do some really rudimentary things with this. Let's have an H1. And then we can
And inside pets. Let's go ahead and create a markdown file called Keona dot MD. Don't know why the cursor didn't land in there. Sometimes that happens with VS code. It's weird. All right. All right. So let's. Let's do some really rudimentary things with this. Let's have an H1. And then we can And then we can. And then we can. So that's a just one pound sign space and then Keona. And what are some details you'd like to have about. About Keona on this page. All right. We can't just use these for everything. That's not accessible. And I was just
And then we can. And then we can. So that's a just one pound sign space and then Keona. And what are some details you'd like to have about. About Keona on this page. All right. We can't just use these for everything. That's not accessible. And I was just And I was just. And then I was thinking that I can't do like after the line. So I'm going to have to do. Bold. Can you do both? I don't remember. You think you can do both. Bold can be double asterisk around. Yeah. Alternatively, do double undersource. There we go
And I was just. And then I was thinking that I can't do like after the line. So I'm going to have to do. Bold. Can you do both? I don't remember. You think you can do both. Bold can be double asterisk around. Yeah. Alternatively, do double undersource. There we go There we go. That's what I was thinking to you. But it wasn't like. Okay, so we want to breed. All right. Nice. Nice. We got a question in the chat about when will 11 2.0 be released? There's no, no date yet. But if you look at like 11 these 2
There we go. That's what I was thinking to you. But it wasn't like. Okay, so we want to breed. All right. Nice. Nice. We got a question in the chat about when will 11 2.0 be released? There's no, no date yet. But if you look at like 11 these 20 milestone on GitHub, you can see that it's getting pretty close. That seems pretty confident that it's nearing completion. So no, no date yet, but yeah. And then tell you what, oh, let's have one more detail here and let's have that be the owner name
0 milestone on GitHub, you can see that it's getting pretty close. That seems pretty confident that it's nearing completion. So no, no date yet, but yeah. And then tell you what, oh, let's have one more detail here and let's have that be the owner name I'm cheating y'all because in the other side, I'm like, I know I can do this. How do I go look up to do the HTML? Cool. So in your editor, can you go ahead and just, oh, and yes, sorry, yes, let's. Because it's finished this
I'm cheating y'all because in the other side, I'm like, I know I can do this. How do I go look up to do the HTML? Cool. So in your editor, can you go ahead and just, oh, and yes, sorry, yes, let's. Because it's finished this Are you trying to do a link? Yeah, it's wear braces for the link text and then followed by parentheses for the URL. Kind of backwards. And for reasons, let's maybe, we can have this be a link for now. I think at some point we might roll back the link bit, but yeah, let's, let's go ahead and
Are you trying to do a link? Yeah, it's wear braces for the link text and then followed by parentheses for the URL. Kind of backwards. And for reasons, let's maybe, we can have this be a link for now. I think at some point we might roll back the link bit, but yeah, let's, let's go ahead and And then maybe go down a few lines and let's just add like a sentence about, you know, like who Keona is or what her personalities like. Yeah, I think that's a good thing. Nice. All right, let's go ahead and save this and then in your browser, we can go ahead and see this page already
And then maybe go down a few lines and let's just add like a sentence about, you know, like who Keona is or what her personalities like. Yeah, I think that's a good thing. Nice. All right, let's go ahead and save this and then in your browser, we can go ahead and see this page already It will already be at. Well, yeah. Brilliant. Yeah, yeah, it's nice to see how quickly you can get things kind of up and running with this. All right. All right. So. All right. So, do you want to include a picture of Keona now? Yes. Okay, so we have these pictures already
It will already be at. Well, yeah. Brilliant. Yeah, yeah, it's nice to see how quickly you can get things kind of up and running with this. All right. All right. So. All right. So, do you want to include a picture of Keona now? Yes. Okay, so we have these pictures already There's this source slash assets folder. But if you were to open up underscore site, which again is the like finished product, right? It's the built site. And the assets are nowhere to be found. Our images aren't there. And this is because 11D by default only cares about templates
There's this source slash assets folder. But if you were to open up underscore site, which again is the like finished product, right? It's the built site. And the assets are nowhere to be found. Our images aren't there. And this is because 11D by default only cares about templates Basically, that's the only thing that's going to make it through. So if you want stuff to end up in your site, you have to tell 11D specifically to do that. So the way we do that is by opening up dot 11D dot JS, which is our 11D config file and inside that function, but before the return statement
Basically, that's the only thing that's going to make it through. So if you want stuff to end up in your site, you have to tell 11D specifically to do that. So the way we do that is by opening up dot 11D dot JS, which is our 11D config file and inside that function, but before the return statement So between lines six and seven. Yeah, go ahead and type 11D config. Yep, dot. Add pass through copy. And there you go. That one. And this is a function. So go ahead and do some parentheses. And then I think, yeah, so let's let's go ahead and start a string
So between lines six and seven. Yeah, go ahead and type 11D config. Yep, dot. Add pass through copy. And there you go. That one. And this is a function. So go ahead and do some parentheses. And then I think, yeah, so let's let's go ahead and start a string And in here, I think we can just say source slash assets. And you've got an extra s before the the T that you're going to want to remove. Because the word assets is surprisingly hard. All right. Let's go ahead and save this and see if this works. Yeah, so we can totally do that
And in here, I think we can just say source slash assets. And you've got an extra s before the the T that you're going to want to remove. Because the word assets is surprisingly hard. All right. Let's go ahead and save this and see if this works. Yeah, so we can totally do that And I just wanted to kind of save this works. So let's let's. Let's see pop open underscore site and we'll just see if assets was copied over. Okay, not quite yet. Doesn't seem to have done it. What have you removed source? Like the source slash part. Let's see if that does it. Okay
And I just wanted to kind of save this works. So let's let's. Let's see pop open underscore site and we'll just see if assets was copied over. Okay, not quite yet. Doesn't seem to have done it. What have you removed source? Like the source slash part. Let's see if that does it. Okay Okay. So I think the problem then is if you revert the source slash, I think we actually have to restart our dev server because we've made a change to like the core configuration here. So, yep. Yeah. Wrong clicky clicky. So you're going to do control C and that. We'll see if this is. Interesting
Okay. So I think the problem then is if you revert the source slash, I think we actually have to restart our dev server because we've made a change to like the core configuration here. So, yep. Yeah. Wrong clicky clicky. So you're going to do control C and that. We'll see if this is. Interesting Interesting. Still hasn't. Okay. Then. Would it be the weird squit. Is it the squitle? Yeah. I don't think you need to do that. Let me check on one of my projects real quick. I think. Okay. Let's try. Oh, okay. Here's how I've done it. It's actually dot slash source slash assets
Interesting. Still hasn't. Okay. Then. Would it be the weird squit. Is it the squitle? Yeah. I don't think you need to do that. Let me check on one of my projects real quick. I think. Okay. Let's try. Oh, okay. Here's how I've done it. It's actually dot slash source slash assets So dot and then slash and then SRC. You've got SCR. Yeah. And then this should work. We can save this and we'll restart our dev server. Okay. Oh, goodness. Why? Why is this doing? This is identical to how I have it on my site. I think it's a little bit more. I think it's a little bit more
So dot and then slash and then SRC. You've got SCR. Yeah. And then this should work. We can save this and we'll restart our dev server. Okay. Oh, goodness. Why? Why is this doing? This is identical to how I have it on my site. I think it's a little bit more. I think it's a little bit more Maybe I'm very prone to doing this. This is like. What happens on teach shantak? Um. All right. Let me try once more on a different site. Just to just to confirm. But what this is supposed to do is just straight up like do nothing to the files
Maybe I'm very prone to doing this. This is like. What happens on teach shantak? Um. All right. Let me try once more on a different site. Just to just to confirm. But what this is supposed to do is just straight up like do nothing to the files It just like takes the directory and just like copies it over. Okay. Can I ask you to just once more try this but slash assets slash. Because it's a directory. So sorry. Of course. Wow. SRC slash assets. Flash. We'll see if this does it. Restarter dev server. And this doesn't work
It just like takes the directory and just like copies it over. Okay. Can I ask you to just once more try this but slash assets slash. Because it's a directory. So sorry. Of course. Wow. SRC slash assets. Flash. We'll see if this does it. Restarter dev server. And this doesn't work We'll pivot away from. Okay. We are. We are going to pivot away from this. So go ahead and comment out that line. Unfortunately, no images for now. We will have to fix that in like a return episode. Um. So get ahead and comment out that past through copy line. Cool. So. Sorry. Sorry
We'll pivot away from. Okay. We are. We are going to pivot away from this. So go ahead and comment out that line. Unfortunately, no images for now. We will have to fix that in like a return episode. Um. So get ahead and comment out that past through copy line. Cool. So. Sorry. Sorry So. Sorry. Sorry. I'm trying to remember what Laura taught me. So give me like one second. It was like. If you. Whatever. Mark. Like thing that you're in. It will. Oh. Command slash. Oh. Interest. There we go. I was doing the different direction. Okay. Okay. So you don't need to restart anything
So. Sorry. Sorry. I'm trying to remember what Laura taught me. So give me like one second. It was like. If you. Whatever. Mark. Like thing that you're in. It will. Oh. Command slash. Oh. Interest. There we go. I was doing the different direction. Okay. Okay. So you don't need to restart anything Unfortunately, images. It seems like will not be cooperating for. Um, Jam said. Is. We. Yeah, there's there's kind of the side conversation happening about a. An element that you could have used an HTML element that you could have used. Um, to. Represent. These. Sorry
Unfortunately, images. It seems like will not be cooperating for. Um, Jam said. Is. We. Yeah, there's there's kind of the side conversation happening about a. An element that you could have used an HTML element that you could have used. Um, to. Represent. These. Sorry These. Sorry. Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, represent those details about, uh, Kiana, but, um, I just decided to keep things as simple as possible. So we're, we're just not going to introduce that right now. Okay. So. Yeah. So let's go ahead and go back to your Kiana. Mark down file. And
These. Sorry. Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, represent those details about, uh, Kiana, but, um, I just decided to keep things as simple as possible. So we're, we're just not going to introduce that right now. Okay. So. Yeah. So let's go ahead and go back to your Kiana. Mark down file. And And. Uh, Go ahead and, uh, seems like this is unsafe. So go ahead and save it. Cool. So, the next thing that we're going to want to do is, uh, one was unsaved. So. Ah, So, yeah
And. Uh, Go ahead and, uh, seems like this is unsafe. So go ahead and save it. Cool. So, the next thing that we're going to want to do is, uh, one was unsaved. So. Ah, So, yeah So. Ah, So, yeah. So the next thing that we would want to do is, um, if you, if you look back at the, like, Kiana page in your browser, you'll notice that like, we've, as we've kind of talked about before, like, uh, this is bare bones, right? Uh, it added no extra HTML
So. Ah, So, yeah. So the next thing that we would want to do is, um, if you, if you look back at the, like, Kiana page in your browser, you'll notice that like, we've, as we've kind of talked about before, like, uh, this is bare bones, right? Uh, it added no extra HTML You have to add the HTML, right? You have to tell it what it is that you wanted to do. Um, and so let's go ahead and do that. Let's add some HTML. And what we're going to do is we're going to add what's called a layout. So we've got our template. That's the mark down file
You have to add the HTML, right? You have to tell it what it is that you wanted to do. Um, and so let's go ahead and do that. Let's add some HTML. And what we're going to do is we're going to add what's called a layout. So we've got our template. That's the mark down file And basically, 11 is going to drop the built contents of that template. The built HTML into a larger HTML context that we get to specify. So this. We'll see what that looks like. If you wanted CSS, would you put that in here too? Uh, you could
And basically, 11 is going to drop the built contents of that template. The built HTML into a larger HTML context that we get to specify. So this. We'll see what that looks like. If you wanted CSS, would you put that in here too? Uh, you could Uh, yeah, I've got a, I've got thoughts about how we could do. CSS, but yeah, you would, you would want to handle that at the layout level. Then, uh, you might, you might be answering this already, but, uh, so does that mean we could use bedrock in here? You could use bedrock if you wanted. Yeah
Uh, yeah, I've got a, I've got thoughts about how we could do. CSS, but yeah, you would, you would want to handle that at the layout level. Then, uh, you might, you might be answering this already, but, uh, so does that mean we could use bedrock in here? You could use bedrock if you wanted. Yeah Yeah. Okay. Um, but, I would have to look that up more specifically. But for now, let's just see if we can get like kind of the HTML wrapper around this. And so, if you right click on source, um, in your, uh, in your file explorer. And we're just going to create a new folder
Yeah. Okay. Um, but, I would have to look that up more specifically. But for now, let's just see if we can get like kind of the HTML wrapper around this. And so, if you right click on source, um, in your, uh, in your file explorer. And we're just going to create a new folder And this is going to have a very specific name, uh, which is, uh, underscore includes. Okay. So this is a magic name that 11 denos about. And I'm going to call it this, uh, or there's an explicit configuration. You can supply to like rename it to whatever you want
And this is going to have a very specific name, uh, which is, uh, underscore includes. Okay. So this is a magic name that 11 denos about. And I'm going to call it this, uh, or there's an explicit configuration. You can supply to like rename it to whatever you want I don't see the point in reconfiguring that like I like to keep things with the defaults as much as possible. And in here, um, we can create our first layout. So let's go ahead and create inside your underscore includes. Go ahead and create pet.html
I don't see the point in reconfiguring that like I like to keep things with the defaults as much as possible. And in here, um, we can create our first layout. So let's go ahead and create inside your underscore includes. Go ahead and create pet.htmlhtml. And this will be the HTML that gets applied to every pet page is kind of our thought. Um, let's go ahead and hit exclamation mark. And enter. So you've got VS code has an extension called Emmet, uh, that supplies some handy shortcuts
html. And this will be the HTML that gets applied to every pet page is kind of our thought. Um, let's go ahead and hit exclamation mark. And enter. So you've got VS code has an extension called Emmet, uh, that supplies some handy shortcuts So this way we've got kind of like the base, um, HTML page that we want. Um, let's go down to line 10. Um, and let's go ahead and create a main element. Yeah. All right. And. Let's go ahead and. Oh, actually above the main element. So between lines nine and 10
So this way we've got kind of like the base, um, HTML page that we want. Um, let's go down to line 10. Um, and let's go ahead and create a main element. Yeah. All right. And. Let's go ahead and. Oh, actually above the main element. So between lines nine and 10 Let's go ahead and add a header element. So not heading, but header. Yeah. Cool. Um, and in here. Go ahead and put an anchor tag. And the things that we've got a footweapon. We've got the name, just one goes. We'll just put it in. We don't know a we'll have the. Yapp
Let's go ahead and add a header element. So not heading, but header. Yeah. Cool. Um, and in here. Go ahead and put an anchor tag. And the things that we've got a footweapon. We've got the name, just one goes. We'll just put it in. We don't know a we'll have the. Yapp Yapp. The shelf will just be slashed, so this will point to the homepage. And go inside the anchor tag and we'll give this a name of like. You know, pets of teach genetic. All right. And let's save us. our content, right? We want our Kiona page to use the pet layout. So go back to Kiona
Yapp. The shelf will just be slashed, so this will point to the homepage. And go inside the anchor tag and we'll give this a name of like. You know, pets of teach genetic. All right. And let's save us. our content, right? We want our Kiona page to use the pet layout. So go back to Kionamd and at the very top of this document we're going to do something called front matter. And the way you do that is you do hyphen hyphen hyphen. What the hyphen? I don't know. Dash, dash, dash. Okay. That's a, sorry, that's a slash. You want like a minus. We want three minuses. Yeah
md and at the very top of this document we're going to do something called front matter. And the way you do that is you do hyphen hyphen hyphen. What the hyphen? I don't know. Dash, dash, dash. Okay. That's a, sorry, that's a slash. You want like a minus. We want three minuses. Yeah Yeah. And go ahead and on the next line do the same thing. Three minuses. And then in between those, we're now using a syntax called YAML, which some folks might be familiar with already. It's kind of like an alternative to JSON. And so we're going to put the word layout
Yeah. And go ahead and on the next line do the same thing. Three minuses. And then in between those, we're now using a syntax called YAML, which some folks might be familiar with already. It's kind of like an alternative to JSON. And so we're going to put the word layout Again, this is a magic word. It has to be this for 11 need to pick this up. Now we're going to do colon space. Go ahead and do pet.html. And so what this says is that 11 is going to look inside your includes directory for a pet.html file. That's going to go ahead and apply it
Again, this is a magic word. It has to be this for 11 need to pick this up. Now we're going to do colon space. Go ahead and do pet.html. And so what this says is that 11 is going to look inside your includes directory for a pet.html file. That's going to go ahead and apply it And so as you can see over on the left hand side, it's a play. Right. If you were to like inspect element and like take a look at the dom that was created, it would exactly match your pet.html file. There's just one problem. Can you name what that problem might be? Yeah. It deleted
And so as you can see over on the left hand side, it's a play. Right. If you were to like inspect element and like take a look at the dom that was created, it would exactly match your pet.html file. There's just one problem. Can you name what that problem might be? Yeah. It deleted It deleted. It's not showing everything else in the file. Right. Yeah. So 11.ht doesn't know where to put your contents. And so we have to tell it. So go back to your pet.html layout. And inside main, we're going to use what's called some templating syntax
It deleted. It's not showing everything else in the file. Right. Yeah. So 11.ht doesn't know where to put your contents. And so we have to tell it. So go back to your pet.html layout. And inside main, we're going to use what's called some templating syntax This is basically some syntax that 11 needs going to process and inject some stuff of our choosing. And so go ahead and hit tab for me. And you're going to do double curly braces. And here we've got magic name content. And safe. Yay. Boom. Okay. Kind of fun. I did it. All right
This is basically some syntax that 11 needs going to process and inject some stuff of our choosing. And so go ahead and hit tab for me. And you're going to do double curly braces. And here we've got magic name content. And safe. Yay. Boom. Okay. Kind of fun. I did it. All right All right. Maybe now we add some other pets. What do you think? Yes. So we would add a new one. Yeah. Yeah. Let's go ahead and start adding another pet. So right click on pets. And let's add. Yeah. Let's add cupcake.md. Because we've already got kind of got some stuff for a dog
All right. Maybe now we add some other pets. What do you think? Yes. So we would add a new one. Yeah. Yeah. Let's go ahead and start adding another pet. So right click on pets. And let's add. Yeah. Let's add cupcake.md. Because we've already got kind of got some stuff for a dog We can kind of copy a lot of that stuff over, right? And then we can. All right. Okay. cupcake is a multi poo. And her birthday is. Oh god. I want to say it's. It would be October 15th 2010, I think. She's also 12. So yeah. And you can go ahead and replace this with Ben Myers. Then Myers.dev
We can kind of copy a lot of that stuff over, right? And then we can. All right. Okay. cupcake is a multi poo. And her birthday is. Oh god. I want to say it's. It would be October 15th 2010, I think. She's also 12. So yeah. And you can go ahead and replace this with Ben Myers. Then Myers.dev Then Myers.dev. And for a brief description, let's go ahead and put like, you know, enemy to stuffed pigs. And let's say. And you can now go to the cupcake page. All right. So if we were able to get the images to work, it would be in the 11E.js
Then Myers.dev. And for a brief description, let's go ahead and put like, you know, enemy to stuffed pigs. And let's say. And you can now go to the cupcake page. All right. So if we were able to get the images to work, it would be in the 11E.jsjs. What would we add? Like if we got this part working, what would we add to here to show the photo? You could do. So the markdown syntax for an image is exclamation mark. And then in square brackets, you would supply the alt text for the image. Um, yeah. And then after that, you put parentheses
js. What would we add? Like if we got this part working, what would we add to here to show the photo? You could do. So the markdown syntax for an image is exclamation mark. And then in square brackets, you would supply the alt text for the image. Um, yeah. And then after that, you put parentheses So it looks a lot like a link just with a exclamation mark at the beginning. And then this would be the image source. Which, um, I'm going to comment this out. No, dammit. I did it. It's this one. Um, because there is, if I did it, did it, did it, did it, did you? You'd be. Alt text, not that one
So it looks a lot like a link just with a exclamation mark at the beginning. And then this would be the image source. Which, um, I'm going to comment this out. No, dammit. I did it. It's this one. Um, because there is, if I did it, did it, did it, did it, did you? You'd be. Alt text, not that one Alt text. And then for image source, that means it would be forward slash source. It would be, it would actually, uh, source doesn't exist in the final project. Like it's built. So it would be like assets slash cupcake dot jpeg. Um, okay. I don't know. I don't know. So it will work
Alt text. And then for image source, that means it would be forward slash source. It would be, it would actually, uh, source doesn't exist in the final project. Like it's built. So it would be like assets slash cupcake dot jpeg. Um, okay. I don't know. I don't know. So it will work So it will work. And I know that you have to go soon. So that's why I was like, if I could work on that. But we haven't gotten to some of my favorite parts of the 11E. So I kind of want to spend some time doing that, uh, which is this notion of data in 11E
So it will work. And I know that you have to go soon. So that's why I was like, if I could work on that. But we haven't gotten to some of my favorite parts of the 11E. So I kind of want to spend some time doing that, uh, which is this notion of data in 11E Because if you think about it, right? What we've just done here is some very manual duplication
Because if you think about it, right? What we've just done here is some very manual duplication And if the site gets big, um, and we had a lot of contributors, for instance, right
And if the site gets big, um, and we had a lot of contributors, for instance, right Um, this page, like updating all of these pages, like if we decided we needed to like rearrange on all of these pages, like we wanted to put owner right under name or whatever, you know, we'd have to go back and update this for all the pages, which kind of runs us into that same problem we had with like the artisanally hand-tracked HTML pages, you know, with that one
Um, this page, like updating all of these pages, like if we decided we needed to like rearrange on all of these pages, like we wanted to put owner right under name or whatever, you know, we'd have to go back and update this for all the pages, which kind of runs us into that same problem we had with like the artisanally hand-tracked HTML pages, you know, with that one So it said for a lot of these things that are common between pages, we want to shift as much of these things to the data and to the layouts. So I want to show you something in your front matter. Uh, and let's go ahead and do this for a kiana because we love kiana kiana special
So it said for a lot of these things that are common between pages, we want to shift as much of these things to the data and to the layouts. So I want to show you something in your front matter. Uh, and let's go ahead and do this for a kiana because we love kiana kiana special Um, in your front matter, so that's the bit between the like minuses. Um, we can just add any property we want. So let's put name our dog name or pet name rather, um, or something. And I would recommend doing this like all lowercase or doing camelcase rather
Um, in your front matter, so that's the bit between the like minuses. Um, we can just add any property we want. So let's put name our dog name or pet name rather, um, or something. And I would recommend doing this like all lowercase or doing camelcase rather So like lowercase p capital and uh, we'll put kiana. Oh, you can, yeah, you format this as you would, right? Uh, and similarly, we could put, um, breed, you know, okay, lowercase b probably. Um, I'm gonna take me a sec to get used to, but yes, sure, okay
So like lowercase p capital and uh, we'll put kiana. Oh, you can, yeah, you format this as you would, right? Uh, and similarly, we could put, um, breed, you know, okay, lowercase b probably. Um, I'm gonna take me a sec to get used to, but yes, sure, okay Old dogmits, right? I think you just said that's true for now. Yeah, let's do that. Uh, and then, uh, fun fact, uh, or I guess fun little to bit online, eight, replace the word kiana with double braces, uh, double curly braces. And then put name, oh, sorry, pet name, pet name. Yeah
Old dogmits, right? I think you just said that's true for now. Yeah, let's do that. Uh, and then, uh, fun fact, uh, or I guess fun little to bit online, eight, replace the word kiana with double braces, uh, double curly braces. And then put name, oh, sorry, pet name, pet name. Yeah Yeah. And online nine, put, uh, like replace bold dog mix with double curly's breed. And on the left hand side, just to confirm that this works, let's go back to the kiana page. Uh, like, yeah, in the browser, in the browser
Yeah. And online nine, put, uh, like replace bold dog mix with double curly's breed. And on the left hand side, just to confirm that this works, let's go back to the kiana page. Uh, like, yeah, in the browser, in the browser So what we've done basically is we've added extra metadata around this page and then we've used that metadata, uh, but things get even better. Uh, in your pet.html layout, we can use that same data that we just created
So what we've done basically is we've added extra metadata around this page and then we've used that metadata, uh, but things get even better. Uh, in your pet.html layout, we can use that same data that we just created Um, so, uh, under main, so between line 13 and 14, go ahead and add an h1 element. And then do some double curly's and pet name. Right. And it just added that. Oh, now let's go back to the cupcake markdown file
Um, so, uh, under main, so between line 13 and 14, go ahead and add an h1 element. And then do some double curly's and pet name. Right. And it just added that. Oh, now let's go back to the cupcake markdown file And let's start, you know, kind of bringing some of those things back in, right? Like doing the same thing. So in your front matter, um, yeah, uh, pet name cupcake. breed multi-poo. All right. Um, um, yeah. So you what? Uh, I was just saying cupcake cupcake. Yeah
And let's start, you know, kind of bringing some of those things back in, right? Like doing the same thing. So in your front matter, um, yeah, uh, pet name cupcake. breed multi-poo. All right. Um, um, yeah. So you what? Uh, I was just saying cupcake cupcake. Yeah Yeah. So we can actually, uh, remove the pound sign cupcake headings from both cupcake.md and kiana.md. Okay. There we go. So now, now our heading is controlled by our layout. And whoever's writing the markdown file doesn't have to remember to add the heading
Yeah. So we can actually, uh, remove the pound sign cupcake headings from both cupcake.md and kiana.md. Okay. There we go. So now, now our heading is controlled by our layout. And whoever's writing the markdown file doesn't have to remember to add the heading They just need to add the necessary data. Um, uh, go back to your pet.html layout real quick. Okay. Oh, either did I lose you? Hmm. Oh. Did you get any of there? I can't. Okay. For Gen-john? Interesting. Oh, oh no. Oh no. All right. Sounds like we need a part two then. Um, um, semantics takeover
They just need to add the necessary data. Um, uh, go back to your pet.html layout real quick. Okay. Oh, either did I lose you? Hmm. Oh. Did you get any of there? I can't. Okay. For Gen-john? Interesting. Oh, oh no. Oh no. All right. Sounds like we need a part two then. Um, um, semantics takeover Yeah. This was the plan. Just completely, um, yeah, just completely, uh, takeover, kick gen out, make her lose internet, goodness. Okay. Uh, well, in that case, I have to figure out if I can even end this stream. I should be able to, but, um, I don't know if I can. Interesting. Yeah
Yeah. This was the plan. Just completely, um, yeah, just completely, uh, takeover, kick gen out, make her lose internet, goodness. Okay. Uh, well, in that case, I have to figure out if I can even end this stream. I should be able to, but, um, I don't know if I can. Interesting. Yeah Interesting. Yeah. Gen, I don't think I can stop your stream. I don't, I can't share my stream either. Uh, yeah, that's so I don't have that privilege though, because, uh, Anthony, because I'm, I'm not actually like a mod of this, of the stream. So, oh, wait. Hang on. Incredible. All right
Interesting. Yeah. Gen, I don't think I can stop your stream. I don't, I can't share my stream either. Uh, yeah, that's so I don't have that privilege though, because, uh, Anthony, because I'm, I'm not actually like a mod of this, of the stream. So, oh, wait. Hang on. Incredible. All right All right. Uh, Gen. Hmm. Well, that's fun. Uh, I'm probably going to go ahead and just leave the studio then. Uh, and here's, here's hoping, um, here's hoping the stream goes well from here on out
All right. Uh, Gen. Hmm. Well, that's fun. Uh, I'm probably going to go ahead and just leave the studio then. Uh, and here's, here's hoping, um, here's hoping the stream goes well from here on out Uh, just, or just keep going until Gen can log back in, uh, because I have to get to a meeting, but we will do a part two, part two will happen. Um, bye y'all.
Uh, just, or just keep going until Gen can log back in, uh, because I have to get to a meeting, but we will do a part two, part two will happen. Um, bye y'all.