Hello, hello, beautiful humans. Welcome to another episode of Miss Monday where Laura and I go through a bunch of random shit and miscellaneous things. There's the proper way of saying things. I'm Jen. That's Laura and we have a special guest Ramon Hello, I'm my end here pointing in different directions, but I'm sure it's fine. It's true. Mine then too. Oh, you probably know what we have our names on ourselves
Hello, I'm my end here pointing in different directions, but I'm sure it's fine. It's true. Mine then too. Oh, you probably know what we have our names on ourselves So yeah, I'm like, I'm gonna hold it here and look at oh, they're backwards from the screen and your camera might like because like from some places the camera gets flipped, which is a point about streaming, right? Huh, you're right. Okay, well, swap them. How about this? One of these are Laura
So yeah, I'm like, I'm gonna hold it here and look at oh, they're backwards from the screen and your camera might like because like from some places the camera gets flipped, which is a point about streaming, right? Huh, you're right. Okay, well, swap them. How about this? One of these are Laura One of these are remote. They're just above me. There we go. I wish I was as cool as Laura. Oh, come on. I mean, we're all pretty cool. This is why we're doing this stream. Laura is phenomenal because she does miss Monday with me and has taught me a lot
One of these are remote. They're just above me. There we go. I wish I was as cool as Laura. Oh, come on. I mean, we're all pretty cool. This is why we're doing this stream. Laura is phenomenal because she does miss Monday with me and has taught me a lot Somebody was asking me about that of like what are some things I've learned from streaming. And I was like, I don't even know where to start with my list of what I've learned with streaming. It's been a lot. Mm hmm
Somebody was asking me about that of like what are some things I've learned from streaming. And I was like, I don't even know where to start with my list of what I've learned with streaming. It's been a lot. Mm hmm Mm hmm. Well, one thing that we had struggling with, which for those whose it's been a minute since you've joined us is OBS has been on the plan. It's been on the docket for a very, very, very, very long time. Mm hmm. And I'd love to hear. Oh, sorry. Go ahead. Go ahead. Jen, this is your show
Mm hmm. Well, one thing that we had struggling with, which for those whose it's been a minute since you've joined us is OBS has been on the plan. It's been on the docket for a very, very, very, very long time. Mm hmm. And I'd love to hear. Oh, sorry. Go ahead. Go ahead. Jen, this is your show I don't want to like push things in random directions, but I'm curious. Why, why are you keen to try out OBS? Um, because your parents are fucking expensive. Oh, that's fair. For me, it's because I want to be able to do like transitions and like all the cool things
I don't want to like push things in random directions, but I'm curious. Why, why are you keen to try out OBS? Um, because your parents are fucking expensive. Oh, that's fair. For me, it's because I want to be able to do like transitions and like all the cool things I want to do all the cool things. Um, and I was going, I was using, I tried, what was it? Twitch has its own one? Is it called Twitch? Yeah. Something like that. I tried that and like, I don't remember what I didn't like about it. And so then I switched to stream labs
I want to do all the cool things. Um, and I was going, I was using, I tried, what was it? Twitch has its own one? Is it called Twitch? Yeah. Something like that. I tried that and like, I don't remember what I didn't like about it. And so then I switched to stream labs And I thought that was going to be like OBS with training wheels, which is what I need. But, um, I couldn't, I couldn't get it to work either. And I was like, if I'm going to invest this much like energy into learning the system, it might as well just be OBS. So yeah, here we are
And I thought that was going to be like OBS with training wheels, which is what I need. But, um, I couldn't, I couldn't get it to work either. And I was like, if I'm going to invest this much like energy into learning the system, it might as well just be OBS. So yeah, here we are And I have also learned so much from, from Ramon Ramon walked me through my very first PR for any repo that was not my own, I think almost, yeah, almost my very first. And my very first that like was going to affect things that were like publicly visible and so on. I'm so sorry. It's been a while
And I have also learned so much from, from Ramon Ramon walked me through my very first PR for any repo that was not my own, I think almost, yeah, almost my very first. And my very first that like was going to affect things that were like publicly visible and so on. I'm so sorry. It's been a while It's been a while. What, what repo was that? The docs repo. Like in the first week at Suborbital. That's right. Maybe for those who don't know, Ramon and I are home workers
It's been a while. What, what repo was that? The docs repo. Like in the first week at Suborbital. That's right. Maybe for those who don't know, Ramon and I are home workers That's my, my five year old, um, refers to my, my co workers as my home workers because he's sort of home work and I work at home and everybody's at home. And so he just says home workers. And I don't correct him because it's so cute and so apt. And so now I have adopted home workers
That's my, my five year old, um, refers to my, my co workers as my home workers because he's sort of home work and I work at home and everybody's at home. And so he just says home workers. And I don't correct him because it's so cute and so apt. And so now I have adopted home workers So Ramon is one of my home workers. Um, today's actually a holiday in the US, but Ramon is in Vienna and it's not a holiday there. And so today I'm not working, but I still get to see you. So that, yay. And you actually brought up something that I want to talk about
So Ramon is one of my home workers. Um, today's actually a holiday in the US, but Ramon is in Vienna and it's not a holiday there. And so today I'm not working, but I still get to see you. So that, yay. And you actually brought up something that I want to talk about And welcome Jay and thank you for happy MLK day as well. And this is something that, well, y'all, three of us have talked about on and off again in random spaces about how fucked up racism is and how a lot of tools are still very colorblind
And welcome Jay and thank you for happy MLK day as well. And this is something that, well, y'all, three of us have talked about on and off again in random spaces about how fucked up racism is and how a lot of tools are still very colorblind I might, is that the way you're saying it? Um, I don't even think colorblind, right? It's just fucking racist, right? Cause colorblind would be like, we don't see color, which is totally not a thing. I'm not saying at all. Don't read color. They do though because they read some colors
I might, is that the way you're saying it? Um, I don't even think colorblind, right? It's just fucking racist, right? Cause colorblind would be like, we don't see color, which is totally not a thing. I'm not saying at all. Don't read color. They do though because they read some colors They just don't read them all. So we're just going to go with the racist. Yeah. Yeah. I'm down with that
They just don't read them all. So we're just going to go with the racist. Yeah. Yeah. I'm down with that I'm down with that. And something that I really, really, really wanted to like, I've been noodling on quite a bit is the fact that, you know, you have a ton of white folk who will post very, very well known photos that are normally in black and white
I'm down with that. And something that I really, really, really wanted to like, I've been noodling on quite a bit is the fact that, you know, you have a ton of white folk who will post very, very well known photos that are normally in black and white And that make it look like a bunch of white folk were really active in helping Martin Luther King. And we're, and that wasn't the case at all. You were there, we're some, which is dope, but not many. And I just wanted to take time to say like, I don't even know how to really say something
And that make it look like a bunch of white folk were really active in helping Martin Luther King. And we're, and that wasn't the case at all. You were there, we're some, which is dope, but not many. And I just wanted to take time to say like, I don't even know how to really say something I'm trying to think of words of how I appreciate that there are many people in this world that are working on being a part of the change and making it more well known of how fucked up the past is. And the fact that we've talked about these really difficult topics because
I'm trying to think of words of how I appreciate that there are many people in this world that are working on being a part of the change and making it more well known of how fucked up the past is. And the fact that we've talked about these really difficult topics because Oh, oh, sorry, I got interrupted. Oh, I hate. Yes. I hate that. Absolutely. So articulate so little. Break down which they just put in the comments. But like, there are a form of racism and ableism
Oh, oh, sorry, I got interrupted. Oh, I hate. Yes. I hate that. Absolutely. So articulate so little. Break down which they just put in the comments. But like, there are a form of racism and ableism There it can be many, many different ways of saying so the way that Jay mentioned is he's very are circulated for a black man is what a lot of it's something that people. I will say people because yes, racism is very, very taught, but it's something that is a navalism as well ableism as well
There it can be many, many different ways of saying so the way that Jay mentioned is he's very are circulated for a black man is what a lot of it's something that people. I will say people because yes, racism is very, very taught, but it's something that is a navalism as well ableism as well You're reading really well for being dyslexic. That is also like a form of ableism. And what people don't realize is you can be very articulated just for being articulated because you're a dope human and you are great at it. And that's something that I have learned to Jay's point
You're reading really well for being dyslexic. That is also like a form of ableism. And what people don't realize is you can be very articulated just for being articulated because you're a dope human and you are great at it. And that's something that I have learned to Jay's point Jay's been very, very interesting helping past generations. Re-learn vocabulary of. Instead of saying they're very articulated for Ed because of. There for me Indian. That's where I got a lot of mine was I grew up in the Southwest and the US
Jay's been very, very interesting helping past generations. Re-learn vocabulary of. Instead of saying they're very articulated for Ed because of. There for me Indian. That's where I got a lot of mine was I grew up in the Southwest and the US I feel like it's something that's slowly being changed yet. I mean, it's like we have like this. Smidge of movement in its great and I do want to celebrate it, but it's not enough. And there's so much in the world. The work is not over and what we like and you mentioned
I feel like it's something that's slowly being changed yet. I mean, it's like we have like this. Smidge of movement in its great and I do want to celebrate it, but it's not enough. And there's so much in the world. The work is not over and what we like and you mentioned You mentioned, you know, racism being taught in schools and I see I like what I have learned by people who have been kind enough to help me. And so that guide me through the work is that what we're lacking is deliberate action and anti racism
You mentioned, you know, racism being taught in schools and I see I like what I have learned by people who have been kind enough to help me. And so that guide me through the work is that what we're lacking is deliberate action and anti racism And this is this is where a lot of the work remains to be done by those of us who can do our part in the work. Yeah, I was really excited. This is going to be a theme I guess in all of the miscellaneous Mondays or many of them anyway, how much I like my my kids school
And this is this is where a lot of the work remains to be done by those of us who can do our part in the work. Yeah, I was really excited. This is going to be a theme I guess in all of the miscellaneous Mondays or many of them anyway, how much I like my my kids school Because a lot of schools if they talk about Martin Luther King at all, it's this perception is created that like everybody loved Martin Luther King when in fact, in fact, Martin Luther King was like on the terrorist list, right
Because a lot of schools if they talk about Martin Luther King at all, it's this perception is created that like everybody loved Martin Luther King when in fact, in fact, Martin Luther King was like on the terrorist list, right Like the FBI watch list and people people were scared, shit list of white people were scared, shit list of Martin Luther King
Like the FBI watch list and people people were scared, shit list of white people were scared, shit list of Martin Luther King And it wasn't until after he was like safely dead that white people could be like, oh, you know, Martin Luther King. Great dude, right? And it like it's a much more modern, it's a very it's a very modern lens to look on on the situation
And it wasn't until after he was like safely dead that white people could be like, oh, you know, Martin Luther King. Great dude, right? And it like it's a much more modern, it's a very it's a very modern lens to look on on the situation And my kids school did not they didn't go for like the that I have a dream speech, which is the default
And my kids school did not they didn't go for like the that I have a dream speech, which is the default It seems in the States where everybody's like, yeah, that and then the I saw I saw a post something about Martin Luther King said more than 35 words, but you wouldn't know that from from what conservatives are going to say on Martin Luther King day and that's going to be the quote about like, I want my children to be judged not by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character and so on
It seems in the States where everybody's like, yeah, that and then the I saw I saw a post something about Martin Luther King said more than 35 words, but you wouldn't know that from from what conservatives are going to say on Martin Luther King day and that's going to be the quote about like, I want my children to be judged not by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character and so on And this is supposed to be like promoting the idea of color blindness as like a virtue when it's not even a thing, right? And my kids school did not did not go for that and they didn't sugarcoded even though he's in a class of three to five year olds. And he came home
And this is supposed to be like promoting the idea of color blindness as like a virtue when it's not even a thing, right? And my kids school did not did not go for that and they didn't sugarcoded even though he's in a class of three to five year olds. And he came home And he came home. It's also clear that like some some parts are a little bit fuzzy because these are very small children because he came home and he said to us, did you hear that Dr. King was shot like it happened yesterday. And we were like, yeah, we did hear about that
And he came home. It's also clear that like some some parts are a little bit fuzzy because these are very small children because he came home and he said to us, did you hear that Dr. King was shot like it happened yesterday. And we were like, yeah, we did hear about that And do you want to talk about that? And he had a lot to say about it. And yeah, Jay again, yeah, one of the magical things about about some of these folks is that they can be assassinated for the ones
And do you want to talk about that? And he had a lot to say about it. And yeah, Jay again, yeah, one of the magical things about about some of these folks is that they can be assassinated for the ones Yeah, so I really appreciated that about about his school that they don't they don't sugarcoded even for the little ones. And I just thank you both for having this conversation to start off our stream, especially because I didn't tell you about it. That is the joy
Yeah, so I really appreciated that about about his school that they don't they don't sugarcoded even for the little ones. And I just thank you both for having this conversation to start off our stream, especially because I didn't tell you about it. That is the joy That is the joy. I'm going to give it the weird look because I I feel like this is what I talk about the podcast too. And I'm like, thank you for joining shit. You don't want to talk about please introduce yourself in the shit you want to talk about
That is the joy. I'm going to give it the weird look because I I feel like this is what I talk about the podcast too. And I'm like, thank you for joining shit. You don't want to talk about please introduce yourself in the shit you want to talk about And then I'm like, I'm really excited about this topic. No, I'm not. Yes, I am. I don't know. Oh, okay. Jay just said they should also mention before someone reads the SATA context that he's a black male that grew up in the South, US Southeast is still very racist. Yes, yes, yes, yes, and yes
And then I'm like, I'm really excited about this topic. No, I'm not. Yes, I am. I don't know. Oh, okay. Jay just said they should also mention before someone reads the SATA context that he's a black male that grew up in the South, US Southeast is still very racist. Yes, yes, yes, yes, and yes I, I can only say that one of my favorite humans in the world who is a big brother to me taught me so much just being my friend and a big brother and society taught me more. Because people would be scared of him and would talk to me and ignore his existence or cower around him
I, I can only say that one of my favorite humans in the world who is a big brother to me taught me so much just being my friend and a big brother and society taught me more. Because people would be scared of him and would talk to me and ignore his existence or cower around him And I appreciate you joining the conversation and just being as cool as a human you're like so dope and you bring up so many really, really important topics while you've been streaming
And I appreciate you joining the conversation and just being as cool as a human you're like so dope and you bring up so many really, really important topics while you've been streaming My Oh, really? This, this was a game call of duty was a game that I, my so I have a kid who will be 18 in fact in like four weeks, three weeks, five weeks, five weeks. And thank you
My Oh, really? This, this was a game call of duty was a game that I, my so I have a kid who will be 18 in fact in like four weeks, three weeks, five weeks, five weeks. And thank you And thank you. And something that we, the video game that we had argued about is like why is he allowed to play, he was allowed to play left for dead when he was fairly young, right? And that's like shooting humanoid figures with guns
And thank you. And something that we, the video game that we had argued about is like why is he allowed to play, he was allowed to play left for dead when he was fairly young, right? And that's like shooting humanoid figures with guns And I said absolutely not to call of duty and he was like really like, OK, but what, what on earth is the difference, you know, between these besides like the fantasy element or whatever
And I said absolutely not to call of duty and he was like really like, OK, but what, what on earth is the difference, you know, between these besides like the fantasy element or whatever And I said it was specifically because call of duty was for conracist because who are you shooting in college? You know, like there's no, there's no pretense about what we're up to here, not that pretense would be better, I guess, but it's just so, yeah, it's so not good. And yeah, exactly
And I said it was specifically because call of duty was for conracist because who are you shooting in college? You know, like there's no, there's no pretense about what we're up to here, not that pretense would be better, I guess, but it's just so, yeah, it's so not good. And yeah, exactly And yeah, exactly. And welcome again to miss Mondays and how we will talk about difficult topics and about privilege and I love to ask if I may, no, yeah, I'd love to ask if I may for those of us that are that are watching listening and learning in the chat as well, please
And yeah, exactly. And welcome again to miss Mondays and how we will talk about difficult topics and about privilege and I love to ask if I may, no, yeah, I'd love to ask if I may for those of us that are that are watching listening and learning in the chat as well, please If there are any race resources or further reading, we can do to improve, to improve our understanding, to improve our, I find that for myself, for example, because you know, you all, you all were talking about very US centric systemic racism
If there are any race resources or further reading, we can do to improve, to improve our understanding, to improve our, I find that for myself, for example, because you know, you all, you all were talking about very US centric systemic racism And I think it needs to be acknowledged given that I'm coming to you live from Europe. And a big part of the hubris I see here, a lot of part, a big part of the lack of listening I see here is that some folks will claim that it does not exist here when it very much does
And I think it needs to be acknowledged given that I'm coming to you live from Europe. And a big part of the hubris I see here, a lot of part, a big part of the lack of listening I see here is that some folks will claim that it does not exist here when it very much does And how it takes different shapes and forms and this perhaps in some ways more in city, yes. And that's what I also recommend to you to recommend a specific, recommended reading or or resources or people to follow or talk to, for example, I always, I always recommend the works of Kim Creighton
And how it takes different shapes and forms and this perhaps in some ways more in city, yes. And that's what I also recommend to you to recommend a specific, recommended reading or or resources or people to follow or talk to, for example, I always, I always recommend the works of Kim Creighton That's Kim unders for Creighton one on Twitter. Her teachings have been. Life changing for me. And one thing I've learned through that is that, you know, this is work that for a long time she's provided for free. And yeah, and she's got that book when is her book out it's like next week
That's Kim unders for Creighton one on Twitter. Her teachings have been. Life changing for me. And one thing I've learned through that is that, you know, this is work that for a long time she's provided for free. And yeah, and she's got that book when is her book out it's like next week Is it yeah, something like that. Yeah, I'm looking for it white fragility and one thing that I find very interesting is. And for a lot of people, I don't think that they realize how. Unfortunately, powerful white woman tears are. And it's really focused up
Is it yeah, something like that. Yeah, I'm looking for it white fragility and one thing that I find very interesting is. And for a lot of people, I don't think that they realize how. Unfortunately, powerful white woman tears are. And it's really focused up And we can go through that read this book. Let's have a conversation about it. And Jay said that they love hearing about racism in European places. They went to a US civil rights exhibit in Dublin and it was absolutely amazing
And we can go through that read this book. Let's have a conversation about it. And Jay said that they love hearing about racism in European places. They went to a US civil rights exhibit in Dublin and it was absolutely amazing If I may, I'm also going to throw out a book that I read last year that I very much recommend. It's called, so you want to talk about race by Joe Malo, Lou, really, really good. She'll sort of follow up. It's not a directly related follow up, but she'll sort of a book called
If I may, I'm also going to throw out a book that I read last year that I very much recommend. It's called, so you want to talk about race by Joe Malo, Lou, really, really good. She'll sort of follow up. It's not a directly related follow up, but she'll sort of a book called I'm going to need to get to the title because I don't want to get it wrong. What was it called? What's it called? Karron, uh, oh, mediocre, the dangerous legacy of white male America. Sorry for the repeat. I'm going and trying to get Laura's links. I can leave you everywhere
I'm going to need to get to the title because I don't want to get it wrong. What was it called? What's it called? Karron, uh, oh, mediocre, the dangerous legacy of white male America. Sorry for the repeat. I'm going and trying to get Laura's links. I can leave you everywhere I didn't know the volume was on. Yeah, that's what Jen is. I'm not quite sure, and I was going to post it to everybody's. Thank you. Thank you. We're cool. And we're just straightening to all three of our twitches, because why not? You know, it's a fun thing to do
I didn't know the volume was on. Yeah, that's what Jen is. I'm not quite sure, and I was going to post it to everybody's. Thank you. Thank you. We're cool. And we're just straightening to all three of our twitches, because why not? You know, it's a fun thing to do OK, so I know that we could talk about this topic for forever. And it is a topic that needs to be talked about for forever. But I also know that we have a time limit. And I appreciate all of us. What's your question? Can I add one tiny thing? Yeah. No. Just very tiny, Jen. I promise
OK, so I know that we could talk about this topic for forever. And it is a topic that needs to be talked about for forever. But I also know that we have a time limit. And I appreciate all of us. What's your question? Can I add one tiny thing? Yeah. No. Just very tiny, Jen. I promise I promise. I think it's important for us, especially us white folks, to not only talk, but also listen. And I think that needs to be. That's right. OK, I'm just going to keep going for a second, because, you know, that is one of the biggest benefits that I've received from Twitter
I promise. I think it's important for us, especially us white folks, to not only talk, but also listen. And I think that needs to be. That's right. OK, I'm just going to keep going for a second, because, you know, that is one of the biggest benefits that I've received from Twitter The listening opportunities are so huge. I've learned so much from listening to people, especially about racism on Twitter. Sorry, I'm putting my computer on to do a front disturb, so it stops beeping. I have learned a lot about it from Twitter, as well as TikTok. I've learned so much about TikTok
The listening opportunities are so huge. I've learned so much from listening to people, especially about racism on Twitter. Sorry, I'm putting my computer on to do a front disturb, so it stops beeping. I have learned a lot about it from Twitter, as well as TikTok. I've learned so much about TikTok And I think we had somebody say hi earlier, too. And I skipped it. Taka Nomay, What Up, and Pipeau. People dev. Hey. Hey. Yeah. To see you. So hello to both of you. Sorry, we were very deep into conversation. That we were very condomacing. And I agree
And I think we had somebody say hi earlier, too. And I skipped it. Taka Nomay, What Up, and Pipeau. People dev. Hey. Hey. Yeah. To see you. So hello to both of you. Sorry, we were very deep into conversation. That we were very condomacing. And I agree And I agree. That listening and is one of the biggest parts that we can do
And I agree. That listening and is one of the biggest parts that we can do And one of the, all another big thing that I think we can do is having these conversations with our friends and family without others in the room, because we're not doing this to impress others or be woke or, you know, we're doing this to make the change
And one of the, all another big thing that I think we can do is having these conversations with our friends and family without others in the room, because we're not doing this to impress others or be woke or, you know, we're doing this to make the change And that's important to have these conversations, no matter what. And also bringing people that may not always be brought up to have the same opportunities. And especially those of color that are skipped over by their resumes
And that's important to have these conversations, no matter what. And also bringing people that may not always be brought up to have the same opportunities. And especially those of color that are skipped over by their resumes Like this still happens where if somebody has a unique name that they're skipped over. So this is a very, very layered thing and very systemic. So it's definitely not something that we could even, I don't even, we could do a whole conference on this. I mean, there is
Like this still happens where if somebody has a unique name that they're skipped over. So this is a very, very layered thing and very systemic. So it's definitely not something that we could even, I don't even, we could do a whole conference on this. I mean, there is I mean, there is. In fact, if you're in the United States and you're interested, the CFP for Juneteenth Conf closes today. You're a little. Yeah, please. So there are a bunch of resources. Anything else that you two want to say other than linking for CFP and. That all day anything
I mean, there is. In fact, if you're in the United States and you're interested, the CFP for Juneteenth Conf closes today. You're a little. Yeah, please. So there are a bunch of resources. Anything else that you two want to say other than linking for CFP and. That all day anything Obviously, before we move on. No, you have today to do your CFP. Do it today. Yeah, close this later today. I think it's like quarter to midnight Eastern. Something like that. Sorry, I'm all over the place. I'm looking at 20 to 20. Registration. Maybe it's there. I'm not seeing the CFP for it
Obviously, before we move on. No, you have today to do your CFP. Do it today. Yeah, close this later today. I think it's like quarter to midnight Eastern. Something like that. Sorry, I'm all over the place. I'm looking at 20 to 20. Registration. Maybe it's there. I'm not seeing the CFP for it Why? I saw somewhere and I was done into a friend and they said that it closed today, but I don't have a link now. Huh? Did it close already? Or am I scrolling too fast? I mean, it could be all of the above. We'll find it. We'll get a link. Yes. Uh. Do yes. Smith, Smith
Why? I saw somewhere and I was done into a friend and they said that it closed today, but I don't have a link now. Huh? Did it close already? Or am I scrolling too fast? I mean, it could be all of the above. We'll find it. We'll get a link. Yes. Uh. Do yes. Smith, Smith Smith, Smith. And for those who are looking at doing CFPs and want to practice any talks, Ramon and Rizel have a really, really dope streams that they'll be doing about that. In fact, today, Ah, thank you, Jay. You found it before me. Nice. And I will get that link to all the other ones
Smith, Smith. And for those who are looking at doing CFPs and want to practice any talks, Ramon and Rizel have a really, really dope streams that they'll be doing about that. In fact, today, Ah, thank you, Jay. You found it before me. Nice. And I will get that link to all the other ones Give me just a second. And I do want to give both of you a shout out for your talk set. You got this come. Jen was was amazing. I am assuming that Ramon was amazing. It was at like 2 a.m. My time. And so I haven't seen it yet
Give me just a second. And I do want to give both of you a shout out for your talk set. You got this come. Jen was was amazing. I am assuming that Ramon was amazing. It was at like 2 a.m. My time. And so I haven't seen it yet But I know Ramon and our other homework are Taryn well enough to know that it was definitely amazing. And I'm really looking forward to the, um, to the recording. Thank you, Laura, for being there and, uh, yeah, it's definitely, um, it was exciting to tell people to fuck it. In public
But I know Ramon and our other homework are Taryn well enough to know that it was definitely amazing. And I'm really looking forward to the, um, to the recording. Thank you, Laura, for being there and, uh, yeah, it's definitely, um, it was exciting to tell people to fuck it. In public In public. For context, I was a title of the talk and that, and yeah. Yeah. Go find me on Twitter if you would like to know more. I posted my dad kids. It's really exciting. At Gen Genod. Yeah, I gotta say fucking a lot. Okay. Look, it's in my box. I can point to it
In public. For context, I was a title of the talk and that, and yeah. Yeah. Go find me on Twitter if you would like to know more. I posted my dad kids. It's really exciting. At Gen Genod. Yeah, I gotta say fucking a lot. Okay. Look, it's in my box. I can point to it I can point to it. I think I'm pointing the right direction. And I think, I think, uh, I think it's important to mention, uh, Jay's closure here. Well, not fully a Microsoft event that is Juneteenth Conf, I believe
I can point to it. I think I'm pointing the right direction. And I think, I think, uh, I think it's important to mention, uh, Jay's closure here. Well, not fully a Microsoft event that is Juneteenth Conf, I believe Um, I do think a lot of the folks organized it are Microsoft individuals, which is good to know. Thank you very much. And you know what, since I have admin control here, I'm just going to say thank you, Susan, for pointing out my curls today. Very much. And also, hi. Hi. Hello
Um, I do think a lot of the folks organized it are Microsoft individuals, which is good to know. Thank you very much. And you know what, since I have admin control here, I'm just going to say thank you, Susan, for pointing out my curls today. Very much. And also, hi. Hi. Hello Hi. Hello. Thank you for the detour, everyone. And, uh, that is what we do on miss Mondays. Yeah. And thank you for talking about shit. You don't want to talk about because this is so much. Uh, so important to me. Um, and I know it's important to y'all too
Hi. Hello. Thank you for the detour, everyone. And, uh, that is what we do on miss Mondays. Yeah. And thank you for talking about shit. You don't want to talk about because this is so much. Uh, so important to me. Um, and I know it's important to y'all too And rent and rent tax or is there anywhere else live? So you're talking about CFP's because, um, that is calls for proposals. I could link a website that I go to quite often if I may. Just ccfp.com
And rent and rent tax or is there anywhere else live? So you're talking about CFP's because, um, that is calls for proposals. I could link a website that I go to quite often if I may. Just ccfp.com Just ccfp.com. Rich, uh, has a nice table with open calls for proposals to conferences that is so you can go and submit a proposal for a talk
Just ccfp.com. Rich, uh, has a nice table with open calls for proposals to conferences that is so you can go and submit a proposal for a talk And what I like about it is that it not only tells you where it is when it's going to take place when it closes, but also whether they cover traveling accommodation, which I think is, and whether it's online or not, both of which I find can be very important
And what I like about it is that it not only tells you where it is when it's going to take place when it closes, but also whether they cover traveling accommodation, which I think is, and whether it's online or not, both of which I find can be very important If, say, for example, for a long time, I was funding my own travel for conference speaking because I was self employed. Um, and I find that to be a really, um, helpful resource. So thank you very much. Rentax or for asking if that is indeed what you were asking. Which is what assume it is
If, say, for example, for a long time, I was funding my own travel for conference speaking because I was self employed. Um, and I find that to be a really, um, helpful resource. So thank you very much. Rentax or for asking if that is indeed what you were asking. Which is what assume it is And as soon as very. But not my laptop, my keyboard. And yes, use is so, so right that covering the expenses for travel. Or is such a key factor in increasing the diversity amongst speakers such an important inclusion. Absolutely. Factor. All right. All right
And as soon as very. But not my laptop, my keyboard. And yes, use is so, so right that covering the expenses for travel. Or is such a key factor in increasing the diversity amongst speakers such an important inclusion. Absolutely. Factor. All right. All right All right. Last two minutes, and then I'm going to like. Just try to force us to change into the topics. Because we only have remote today. So. Any other last thoughts anyone. Before. I saw. Probably interrupt us. I'm all good. All right. Last call. You got a minute
All right. Last two minutes, and then I'm going to like. Just try to force us to change into the topics. Because we only have remote today. So. Any other last thoughts anyone. Before. I saw. Probably interrupt us. I'm all good. All right. Last call. You got a minute You got a minute. What I like about the, the, the, the, the. The. Format of Miss Lang is Monday. So said it really is just an invitation for topics to go wherever it is more of a, you know, an interaction. This is, this is one thing that I really love about streaming. Is that it kind of gives you
You got a minute. What I like about the, the, the, the, the. The. Format of Miss Lang is Monday. So said it really is just an invitation for topics to go wherever it is more of a, you know, an interaction. This is, this is one thing that I really love about streaming. Is that it kind of gives you Um, I'm, it kind of gives you that, that opportunity to sort of, you know, really engage with your, your viewers are. Listeners. And, you know, See what it is that folks are curious about or, or, or, you know, what is going on. Miss Alaneus. All right. I'm about to be curious about something
Um, I'm, it kind of gives you that, that opportunity to sort of, you know, really engage with your, your viewers are. Listeners. And, you know, See what it is that folks are curious about or, or, or, you know, what is going on. Miss Alaneus. All right. I'm about to be curious about something Is there an earthquake where you are remote? No. So. Well, we are Austria's nowhere near any technological plates. But I tend to lean on my keyboard on my desk a lot when I'm talking. Oh. And my camera, which is my phone, is attached to an arm. And it's not, it's not, yeah, sorry about that
Is there an earthquake where you are remote? No. So. Well, we are Austria's nowhere near any technological plates. But I tend to lean on my keyboard on my desk a lot when I'm talking. Oh. And my camera, which is my phone, is attached to an arm. And it's not, it's not, yeah, sorry about that It's not very stable. Okay. See, because I live in, well, okay, for any people who don't know, I live in the San Francisco area. And so, you know, the ground, it shakes around here. And we're fairly chill about it. Like we sort of assess, like, oh, is this a big one? No. Okay
It's not very stable. Okay. See, because I live in, well, okay, for any people who don't know, I live in the San Francisco area. And so, you know, the ground, it shakes around here. And we're fairly chill about it. Like we sort of assess, like, oh, is this a big one? No. Okay Okay. And then we do actually just keep going. In fact, okay, here we go. I used to have a squirrel. And he, he was a tiny baby. And he had like fallen out of his, his nest or whatever it is that squirrels have. I don't actually know
Okay. And then we do actually just keep going. In fact, okay, here we go. I used to have a squirrel. And he, he was a tiny baby. And he had like fallen out of his, his nest or whatever it is that squirrels have. I don't actually know And my husband found him and he'd like, watched him all day to see if the mother was going to come back. And she didn't. And so he brought him home. And we were going to take him to a wildlife refuge
And my husband found him and he'd like, watched him all day to see if the mother was going to come back. And she didn't. And so he brought him home. And we were going to take him to a wildlife refuge And they were like, well, if you've already handled him and so on, then he's probably not going to be rehabilitated. In other words, they would just put him down. And we were like, okay, well, I guess we screwed up. So we will, we will foster a squirrel. And so he was our squirrel
And they were like, well, if you've already handled him and so on, then he's probably not going to be rehabilitated. In other words, they would just put him down. And we were like, okay, well, I guess we screwed up. So we will, we will foster a squirrel. And so he was our squirrel And when he was like two months old, we had a whole bunch of earthquakes in a row. And on like the sixth earthquake of like 36 hours or something. He had a little toy that was like hanging in his enclosure. And it was swaying
And when he was like two months old, we had a whole bunch of earthquakes in a row. And on like the sixth earthquake of like 36 hours or something. He had a little toy that was like hanging in his enclosure. And it was swaying And it was swaying. And you know the opening scenes of Mary Poppins when there's the dude that like has cannons and he like sets the cannons off. And so it's like at the same time every day
And it was swaying. And you know the opening scenes of Mary Poppins when there's the dude that like has cannons and he like sets the cannons off. And so it's like at the same time every day And so it's everybody like runs around like studying things because they know that at like six o'clock or whatever the cannons going to go and like various things are going to like fall and shake and so on. And they like steady them. You know, yeah. Okay, so that happens
And so it's everybody like runs around like studying things because they know that at like six o'clock or whatever the cannons going to go and like various things are going to like fall and shake and so on. And they like steady them. You know, yeah. Okay, so that happens And then the squirrel on like the sixth earthquake just reaches out very nonchalantly and holds his swaying toy until the earthquake finishes. And then he let's go and goes about his day. And I was like, you're a Bay Area squirrel now, baby
And then the squirrel on like the sixth earthquake just reaches out very nonchalantly and holds his swaying toy until the earthquake finishes. And then he let's go and goes about his day. And I was like, you're a Bay Area squirrel now, baby I was so worried you were going to say like it crushed him. Oh, good. No. I was like, I don't know. No, no, no, no, no, no, it's a funny story. Okay, thank you. Okay, I'm done now. Okay. So after talking about some squirrels and racism because that's Miss Mondays. Let's talk about OBS
I was so worried you were going to say like it crushed him. Oh, good. No. I was like, I don't know. No, no, no, no, no, no, it's a funny story. Okay, thank you. Okay, I'm done now. Okay. So after talking about some squirrels and racism because that's Miss Mondays. Let's talk about OBS And what OBS. So Ramon, I'm just going to hand it over to you because you know OBS. And I don't even know where to start to ask questions. Sure, sure. Before I go in, I just want to say like, you know, I love the again, I know I said this already, but like I just love that we have these
And what OBS. So Ramon, I'm just going to hand it over to you because you know OBS. And I don't even know where to start to ask questions. Sure, sure. Before I go in, I just want to say like, you know, I love the again, I know I said this already, but like I just love that we have these The nature of this flow of conversations because sure we can switch around topics, but these topics don't go away just because we start talking about them. It's good to always be conscious and voicing and I said willing to listen, ready to listen, pardon me. Cool. Yeah, let's talk about OBS
The nature of this flow of conversations because sure we can switch around topics, but these topics don't go away just because we start talking about them. It's good to always be conscious and voicing and I said willing to listen, ready to listen, pardon me. Cool. Yeah, let's talk about OBS And I'm going to start if I may by by you know, we've all heard that term. OBS stands for as you see in the title of the stream, open broadcast software. And it is a piece of software that runs natively on your computer all about video recording and transmission
And I'm going to start if I may by by you know, we've all heard that term. OBS stands for as you see in the title of the stream, open broadcast software. And it is a piece of software that runs natively on your computer all about video recording and transmission Right? Can I do, oh, do we want to do like screen sharing and stuff so we can like look at website and all that good stuff. Yeah. In fact, I was going to say we are currently in stream yard and stream yard is where you can do it from a browser. And it does gives you seven formats by default
Right? Can I do, oh, do we want to do like screen sharing and stuff so we can like look at website and all that good stuff. Yeah. In fact, I was going to say we are currently in stream yard and stream yard is where you can do it from a browser. And it does gives you seven formats by default So you can only use seven different versions. You cannot customize the way it looks outside of those seven choices. And you can. It's not as customizable, but it also works really well and is can be easier
So you can only use seven different versions. You cannot customize the way it looks outside of those seven choices. And you can. It's not as customizable, but it also works really well and is can be easier And it's also like if you see somebody that is putting a chat on their screen while they're streaming like learn with Jason does that. And that's not something you can do in stream yard. That's something that you can do in. OBS
And it's also like if you see somebody that is putting a chat on their screen while they're streaming like learn with Jason does that. And that's not something you can do in stream yard. That's something that you can do in. OBS OBS. And I think that's another reason why I really want to look at it again for those looking into streaming. And if you just want to get started, go with I personally think go with like street yard because it can be free and it is a lot easier learning curve. Absolutely
OBS. And I think that's another reason why I really want to look at it again for those looking into streaming. And if you just want to get started, go with I personally think go with like street yard because it can be free and it is a lot easier learning curve. Absolutely Absolutely. I mean, you know, I've actually given a presentation. Oh, can I. Can I be cheeky and promote this? I've done. Yeah. You're showing up and teaching this stuff. So. Well, thank you. I actually gave a talk about this, which is about, you know, sorry, didn't realize it was playing
Absolutely. I mean, you know, I've actually given a presentation. Oh, can I. Can I be cheeky and promote this? I've done. Yeah. You're showing up and teaching this stuff. So. Well, thank you. I actually gave a talk about this, which is about, you know, sorry, didn't realize it was playing I gave a talk about, well, it was at DeVrocon and it was about streaming for DeVro, but I think a lot of this applies to what we're doing with streaming overall, not just not just for tech, but also for things like
I gave a talk about, well, it was at DeVrocon and it was about streaming for DeVro, but I think a lot of this applies to what we're doing with streaming overall, not just not just for tech, but also for things like Like what we're doing now learning and chatting, right? And I think there's merits to both. If we stay on stream here, right? Stream here is great because for your guests and we'll talk about guests later on. All you got to worry about is giving them a link and saying show up here
Like what we're doing now learning and chatting, right? And I think there's merits to both. If we stay on stream here, right? Stream here is great because for your guests and we'll talk about guests later on. All you got to worry about is giving them a link and saying show up here This is, you know, this is how it works. You're not going to be on stage until I bring you on stage so you can like turn on your lights or just your camera angle and all that good stuff. Make sure your camera is working. Make sure your microphone is working
This is, you know, this is how it works. You're not going to be on stage until I bring you on stage so you can like turn on your lights or just your camera angle and all that good stuff. Make sure your camera is working. Make sure your microphone is working And they're just in a browser as if it were any other voice, sorry, video call software, which is great. Same goes for you as a streamer. You don't have to worry about like messing around with credentials with twitch. You connect your channel once and you're done
And they're just in a browser as if it were any other voice, sorry, video call software, which is great. Same goes for you as a streamer. You don't have to worry about like messing around with credentials with twitch. You connect your channel once and you're done You can stream to like as we're doing here, right? We're streaming to YouTube and three twitch channels at the same time, which is awesome. So I'm going to start with my first streaming experience
You can stream to like as we're doing here, right? We're streaming to YouTube and three twitch channels at the same time, which is awesome. So I'm going to start with my first streaming experience But what happens when you want to take that step further, right? And so for me, actually, I started out on OBS studio. Oh, so my first streaming experience was here because I thought, well, you know, I was working at my previous job
But what happens when you want to take that step further, right? And so for me, actually, I started out on OBS studio. Oh, so my first streaming experience was here because I thought, well, you know, I was working at my previous job I was at a, I was at an early stage startup and we were figuring things out as many early stage startups do. And we're just like, well, we got to start streaming. So I think that's how you start streaming to it
I was at a, I was at an early stage startup and we were figuring things out as many early stage startups do. And we're just like, well, we got to start streaming. So I think that's how you start streaming to it So that's what we did was use OBS studio and what was, what was cool about it is that, as you can see here, free and open source software for video recording and live streaming. And yes, I use it for that to this day. I'd love OBS for recording video. It's super cool. It's super straightforward
So that's what we did was use OBS studio and what was, what was cool about it is that, as you can see here, free and open source software for video recording and live streaming. And yes, I use it for that to this day. I'd love OBS for recording video. It's super cool. It's super straightforward And you can connect it to all the kind of software you want. However, I'm not going to say because it's open source
And you can connect it to all the kind of software you want. However, I'm not going to say because it's open source I know one of the downfalls of it being open sources that it doesn't have the resources that usually are is thrown by mostly venture capital back to companies to be able to give it all of those
I know one of the downfalls of it being open sources that it doesn't have the resources that usually are is thrown by mostly venture capital back to companies to be able to give it all of those Let's say bells and whistles that make it more straightforward to work with, right? So it so there is a learning curve for OBS. Fortunately, they have not just extensive documentation, which I have referred to many times in the past, but it is a barrier to entry
Let's say bells and whistles that make it more straightforward to work with, right? So it so there is a learning curve for OBS. Fortunately, they have not just extensive documentation, which I have referred to many times in the past, but it is a barrier to entry Same goes for forum for asking questions, lots of good stuff there. So right, OBS lets you link up your Twitch channel or YouTube channel or whatever and be able to stream to it directly. So I don't know. Shall I give you a tour of how I use OBS? Yes, please. So much
Same goes for forum for asking questions, lots of good stuff there. So right, OBS lets you link up your Twitch channel or YouTube channel or whatever and be able to stream to it directly. So I don't know. Shall I give you a tour of how I use OBS? Yes, please. So much So much. And if possible, I think it would be really, really cool to see how you set up your layout. Is that what you would call it? That is exactly what I plan on doing
So much. And if possible, I think it would be really, really cool to see how you set up your layout. Is that what you would call it? That is exactly what I plan on doing Oh, yeah, because I think that's something I've been really struggling with is like figuring out all the different layers where you put the videos and there's a lot that goes into it. So yeah, and yeah, thank you
Oh, yeah, because I think that's something I've been really struggling with is like figuring out all the different layers where you put the videos and there's a lot that goes into it. So yeah, and yeah, thank you And I'm going to be extremely painfully upfront and tell you right away that I am not an expert and I'm also extremely disorganized with it. So my apologies in advance. You are just more than we currently are
And I'm going to be extremely painfully upfront and tell you right away that I am not an expert and I'm also extremely disorganized with it. So my apologies in advance. You are just more than we currently are And look what look what Sue Shardlow says very, very fairly OBS fries my computer and that is another thing to mention, right? Because StreamYard runs on the cloud. All of those resources that video processing resources don't come from your computer. They come from the cloud
And look what look what Sue Shardlow says very, very fairly OBS fries my computer and that is another thing to mention, right? Because StreamYard runs on the cloud. All of those resources that video processing resources don't come from your computer. They come from the cloud Someone else is computer and that is something else to take into account. Thank you
Someone else is computer and that is something else to take into account. Thank you Thank you. All right, let me share my screen with OBS on it and I will give you a very brief like what I would encourage all of you to do is to please interrupt me and ask me about things because I will likely forget because I am a harbinger of chaos sometimes
Thank you. All right, let me share my screen with OBS on it and I will give you a very brief like what I would encourage all of you to do is to please interrupt me and ask me about things because I will likely forget because I am a harbinger of chaos sometimes So here's what you see, right? This is OBS as I use it running on my Mac. Now as you saw on the website, OBS runs on Windows Linux, Mac OS and probably other but probably it's been built to run on things like, oh, I don't know, open BSD or something. Given that it's, you know, open source
So here's what you see, right? This is OBS as I use it running on my Mac. Now as you saw on the website, OBS runs on Windows Linux, Mac OS and probably other but probably it's been built to run on things like, oh, I don't know, open BSD or something. Given that it's, you know, open source And as Susie very correctly says, I also find that there are so many things you can tweak on OBS so it's hard to know where to start. So it's great if someone can walk you through or better still give you a template to use, which is all entirely fair. I started with nothing essentially
And as Susie very correctly says, I also find that there are so many things you can tweak on OBS so it's hard to know where to start. So it's great if someone can walk you through or better still give you a template to use, which is all entirely fair. I started with nothing essentially Let me give you a remote when he started. It was uphill in the snow both ways. Both ways OBS. Really quick. I do want to say for templates and things like that stream elements is very, very helpful
Let me give you a remote when he started. It was uphill in the snow both ways. Both ways OBS. Really quick. I do want to say for templates and things like that stream elements is very, very helpful Yet I think doing things in like canva and then uploading them and doing them in OBS by layers could be a very helpful option to yet stream elements is definitely an option there. Please continue Ramona as I so rudely interrupted you. No, no, that is entirely fair
Yet I think doing things in like canva and then uploading them and doing them in OBS by layers could be a very helpful option to yet stream elements is definitely an option there. Please continue Ramona as I so rudely interrupted you. No, no, that is entirely fair So I wouldn't call this, I wouldn't call this going uphill in the snow because really what I did was do the minimum that I needed in order to get it working and then sort of add to it as I go
So I wouldn't call this, I wouldn't call this going uphill in the snow because really what I did was do the minimum that I needed in order to get it working and then sort of add to it as I go Let's walk through this real quick and I'm going to it's going to be a bit chaotic again apologies in advance because I'm going to just resize my window real quick. It's going to look a little bit gnarly so I apologize in advance
Let's walk through this real quick and I'm going to it's going to be a bit chaotic again apologies in advance because I'm going to just resize my window real quick. It's going to look a little bit gnarly so I apologize in advance Unfortunately, I don't believe that it's possible for me to increase the font size of OBS. So if anything looks out of sorts, please let me know and I'll happily read it. And I do have a mouse fantastic
Unfortunately, I don't believe that it's possible for me to increase the font size of OBS. So if anything looks out of sorts, please let me know and I'll happily read it. And I do have a mouse fantastic Let me just give you a brief a brief tour of what I have what you'll see here on the left most bottom column is scenes and scenes you're going to recognize from stream yard
Let me just give you a brief a brief tour of what I have what you'll see here on the left most bottom column is scenes and scenes you're going to recognize from stream yard In fact, Lauren, Jen, you might see depending on whether you're managing the stream, you know where we have those different layouts that we can have where the person photo and like the different layouts. Though in OBS, these are called scenes
In fact, Lauren, Jen, you might see depending on whether you're managing the stream, you know where we have those different layouts that we can have where the person photo and like the different layouts. Though in OBS, these are called scenes The add the difference between OBS and stream yard in this case is that stream yard has a fixed set of scenes, whereas OBS lets you run freely with whatever you want to do with them. So I'll show you I'll show you what I have here what you're seeing here is my what I call my browser scene
The add the difference between OBS and stream yard in this case is that stream yard has a fixed set of scenes, whereas OBS lets you run freely with whatever you want to do with them. So I'll show you I'll show you what I have here what you're seeing here is my what I call my browser scene What I've got at the top is a background image is something Jen mentioned canva love canva I used canva to make this it's just got my name in my Twitter handle
What I've got at the top is a background image is something Jen mentioned canva love canva I used canva to make this it's just got my name in my Twitter handle Below that are one two three four elements that you said you four ish elements that you see one is a browser window, which is sharing my browser's window as you would on stream yard. You've also got here an app that I believe is also free and open source called chat orino
Below that are one two three four elements that you said you four ish elements that you see one is a browser window, which is sharing my browser's window as you would on stream yard. You've also got here an app that I believe is also free and open source called chat orino Which had arena lets me do is have my chat on the stream you might be wondering why would you want to do that. What I like about it is that it lets me it lets me show the viewers what the chat sees and also let's some see what I see by the time they see it
Which had arena lets me do is have my chat on the stream you might be wondering why would you want to do that. What I like about it is that it lets me it lets me show the viewers what the chat sees and also let's some see what I see by the time they see it I mean you see most chat most streaming platforms including twitch do have a delay this can be about 30 seconds between someone sending something into the chat and the person streaming seeing it. So this way I can see you see so is just wrote I yes the delay I just saw it
I mean you see most chat most streaming platforms including twitch do have a delay this can be about 30 seconds between someone sending something into the chat and the person streaming seeing it. So this way I can see you see so is just wrote I yes the delay I just saw it So that helps me keep an eye on what's going on you'll see here my webcam. But what about here here's a blank piece of space a blank space and also hold on
So that helps me keep an eye on what's going on you'll see here my webcam. But what about here here's a blank piece of space a blank space and also hold on Let me see if I got it here and these are the elements that make up my scene you mentioned a window capture and audio output capture more on that later. And then oh something I call oh see and you'll see that it's a blank piece of text
Let me see if I got it here and these are the elements that make up my scene you mentioned a window capture and audio output capture more on that later. And then oh something I call oh see and you'll see that it's a blank piece of text Now I can't show you it directly now but I'm going to start recording a video and I want to show I hope this works. What this is doing is open captions. Now this is something that stream yard unfortunately does not have built in. Neither does OBS. However, because OBS is open source by nature
Now I can't show you it directly now but I'm going to start recording a video and I want to show I hope this works. What this is doing is open captions. Now this is something that stream yard unfortunately does not have built in. Neither does OBS. However, because OBS is open source by nature I'm just marbling that everything is working is working. It's not 100% accurate. Is that there is a plugin which I will link shortly that lets me integrate this into OBS because I like for me accessibility matters a lot. So I'm never going to be perfect
I'm just marbling that everything is working is working. It's not 100% accurate. Is that there is a plugin which I will link shortly that lets me integrate this into OBS because I like for me accessibility matters a lot. So I'm never going to be perfect Fun fact, these are called open captions you might have heard of closed captions. This plugin allows you to do that too. So this plugin lets you not only have the open captions which you see here but also the closed captions that go directly and embed into Twitch. Oh yeah
Fun fact, these are called open captions you might have heard of closed captions. This plugin allows you to do that too. So this plugin lets you not only have the open captions which you see here but also the closed captions that go directly and embed into Twitch. Oh yeah Oh yeah. Most streams, sorry, a lot of streams that have closed captioning when you're watching will have a little CC button next to them. You know, and the player options so that you can turn on those closed captions. Fun fact I learned this from my ex co-worker Liz who is brilliant
Oh yeah. Most streams, sorry, a lot of streams that have closed captioning when you're watching will have a little CC button next to them. You know, and the player options so that you can turn on those closed captions. Fun fact I learned this from my ex co-worker Liz who is brilliant She told because she works she makes indie films. And she told me that that turn of phrase comes from cinema. So open captions being there directly embedded into this into the film and closed captions being optionally put in
She told because she works she makes indie films. And she told me that that turn of phrase comes from cinema. So open captions being there directly embedded into this into the film and closed captions being optionally put in From own bullet audio switch languages or will it need to do need to switch the input language for it to switch to Spanish or something else. That's that's an excellent question and as people that says here. Speaking Spanish to see please speak very briefly
From own bullet audio switch languages or will it need to do need to switch the input language for it to switch to Spanish or something else. That's that's an excellent question and as people that says here. Speaking Spanish to see please speak very briefly Unfortunately, it does not work with Spanish. I think it's only English and as you can see it didn't really capture any of my Spanish so that is a limitation. I'm surprised that it literally printed nothing
Unfortunately, it does not work with Spanish. I think it's only English and as you can see it didn't really capture any of my Spanish so that is a limitation. I'm surprised that it literally printed nothing It didn't say something like unintelligible or like foreign language can't translate something like that. It just was like nothing. Nothing, nothing happened. Yeah, it doesn't even try some of the time. I said with some words maybe but I guess not it depends
It didn't say something like unintelligible or like foreign language can't translate something like that. It just was like nothing. Nothing, nothing happened. Yeah, it doesn't even try some of the time. I said with some words maybe but I guess not it depends It depends really because oh so this is using Google. I always mix this up speech to text to do it. So again, this is something that's built in the sorry that this is a plug in and Laura. Let's grab that let's grab that link because that is correct. Oh, yes. It's it's in my Firefox
It depends really because oh so this is using Google. I always mix this up speech to text to do it. So again, this is something that's built in the sorry that this is a plug in and Laura. Let's grab that let's grab that link because that is correct. Oh, yes. It's it's in my Firefox I'm going to just post that link. It is the correct one the one you linked. It's it here so it goes to all of the channels we're streaming to. So I stopped the recording. It's not going to capture them anymore. But yeah, this is the the essential makeup of my OBS setup
I'm going to just post that link. It is the correct one the one you linked. It's it here so it goes to all of the channels we're streaming to. So I stopped the recording. It's not going to capture them anymore. But yeah, this is the the essential makeup of my OBS setup And you'll see that I have lots of. Lots of options. Sorry, lots of scenes here. For example, I have a code one. Usually what will you'll see here. I see I don't know which way I'm married. Am I pointing to my screen now? To my window. Yes. Oh, oh, to me you are
And you'll see that I have lots of. Lots of options. Sorry, lots of scenes here. For example, I have a code one. Usually what will you'll see here. I see I don't know which way I'm married. Am I pointing to my screen now? To my window. Yes. Oh, oh, to me you are Oh wait, which one because in stream yard. Yes. In OBS. No. In. See, I'm getting the I'm getting the mirror effect. Oh, yeah, it was a heater. Yes. So to my left goodness, I'm going to stop gesturing to my left. You will see blank. This is because I would usually have VS code open here
Oh wait, which one because in stream yard. Yes. In OBS. No. In. See, I'm getting the I'm getting the mirror effect. Oh, yeah, it was a heater. Yes. So to my left goodness, I'm going to stop gesturing to my left. You will see blank. This is because I would usually have VS code open here This is my coding scene. Let's see what else we got. This is what I call the play date scene. Now it's not nothing. It's. It's. This is not to do with actual play dates, but rather a console, a games console that I sometimes develop games for called the play date. Super fun, by the way
This is my coding scene. Let's see what else we got. This is what I call the play date scene. Now it's not nothing. It's. It's. This is not to do with actual play dates, but rather a console, a games console that I sometimes develop games for called the play date. Super fun, by the way I used to do lots of streams about that. And so I can sort of show it off. And I also have an emulator running somewhere here, where you can see that in action. And you see it gives me the flexibility to be as creative as I like with my with my scenes
I used to do lots of streams about that. And so I can sort of show it off. And I also have an emulator running somewhere here, where you can see that in action. And you see it gives me the flexibility to be as creative as I like with my with my scenes I also just have a general generally chatting scene. So I can just be up front and just say like, hi, you know, to sort of be there. Have the chat have my captions. But here's another thing I have because I have that flexibility to do so with my scenes. I have a starting soon scene
I also just have a general generally chatting scene. So I can just be up front and just say like, hi, you know, to sort of be there. Have the chat have my captions. But here's another thing I have because I have that flexibility to do so with my scenes. I have a starting soon scene What's this about? And this might be interesting to folks who are looking into streaming. Usually when people are subscribed following you, not subscribers, see I got to get the Twitch terminology right when folks are following you on Twitch. When you start streaming, they will
What's this about? And this might be interesting to folks who are looking into streaming. Usually when people are subscribed following you, not subscribers, see I got to get the Twitch terminology right when folks are following you on Twitch. When you start streaming, they will Twitch will send out notifications. And these can take up to about five minutes to send. So what I usually do when I start streaming is I will give it about five minutes before my a lot of time and just be and show the screen and have some music more on music in just a moment
Twitch will send out notifications. And these can take up to about five minutes to send. So what I usually do when I start streaming is I will give it about five minutes before my a lot of time and just be and show the screen and have some music more on music in just a moment I also have a goodbye one. I don't I don't I'm torn on these. I don't think you need them. But I like sort of telling folks like I'm gone now. Sue says the push notification was how I knew you were streaming right now. There you go. That being said, definitely go follow all three of us
I also have a goodbye one. I don't I don't I'm torn on these. I don't think you need them. But I like sort of telling folks like I'm gone now. Sue says the push notification was how I knew you were streaming right now. There you go. That being said, definitely go follow all three of us We have to be on the other stream. So we have to be on the other stream. So we have to be on the other stream. So we have to be on each other streams a lot. So that's one of the reasons why we're streaming to all of them right now. Not always something that we can do
We have to be on the other stream. So we have to be on the other stream. So we have to be on the other stream. So we have to be on each other streams a lot. So that's one of the reasons why we're streaming to all of them right now. Not always something that we can do Yet all of our names are actually. I believe is it's still Laura Langdon on Twitch. And if you follow all of ours, it definitely because we all talk about this educational stuff. And in some aspect because we're all about learning life. Thank you, Jen
Yet all of our names are actually. I believe is it's still Laura Langdon on Twitch. And if you follow all of ours, it definitely because we all talk about this educational stuff. And in some aspect because we're all about learning life. Thank you, Jen Thank you, Jen. I just want to mention a couple of things that folks have said in the chat. People that have says maybe if you start with one language, it will stick with it. I don't think so. I see I really think it just sticks with with English. It could be have a look at the link that I posted
Thank you, Jen. I just want to mention a couple of things that folks have said in the chat. People that have says maybe if you start with one language, it will stick with it. I don't think so. I see I really think it just sticks with with English. It could be have a look at the link that I posted Maybe it says so there in the repo. The Git repository that is. Ryan K. Hawkins says something here that I want to point out as well. I know when some streamers rate a channel they'd like to know if you're ending soon. So that's helpful as well. If you see this and my friend, Flaky, who is a joy
Maybe it says so there in the repo. The Git repository that is. Ryan K. Hawkins says something here that I want to point out as well. I know when some streamers rate a channel they'd like to know if you're ending soon. So that's helpful as well. If you see this and my friend, Flaky, who is a joy He told me it's good for like video recordings to also know the cut off point. So that's helpful to know as well. Cool. What do we got? I also stream sometimes in my goodness. I don't even know what's going on here. You'll see my entire mess. Yeah, sorry about that. I've got some screens and space
He told me it's good for like video recordings to also know the cut off point. So that's helpful to know as well. Cool. What do we got? I also stream sometimes in my goodness. I don't even know what's going on here. You'll see my entire mess. Yeah, sorry about that. I've got some screens and space And you'll see that I've got like I'm just going to switch back to something less screaming. I've got a bunch of scenes and you're actually getting an inside look into how utterly disorganized I am and I apologize. I'm going to be all
And you'll see that I've got like I'm just going to switch back to something less screaming. I've got a bunch of scenes and you're actually getting an inside look into how utterly disorganized I am and I apologize. I'm going to be all Ramon, can I steal the screen chair really quick? Go for it for like a second to talk about languages. Please. Because this is also a really cool part about when you have multiple people stream mean is you can multi-cast more. Which I enjoy because I'm like, oh, I can go look
Ramon, can I steal the screen chair really quick? Go for it for like a second to talk about languages. Please. Because this is also a really cool part about when you have multiple people stream mean is you can multi-cast more. Which I enjoy because I'm like, oh, I can go look I'm in the OBS captions. They did include some screen shots and it looks like you can change the language. Awesome. Thank you. Good to know. Jen, would you mind please making it bigger? Yeah. Fun sizes. No, maybe. Okay. There we go. Much better. Thank you
I'm in the OBS captions. They did include some screen shots and it looks like you can change the language. Awesome. Thank you. Good to know. Jen, would you mind please making it bigger? Yeah. Fun sizes. No, maybe. Okay. There we go. Much better. Thank you Thank you. Folks, if at any point ever something's too small, please let us know. I don't know what languages may be an option, but it does look like it is at least. It would be a top down here. Okay, back to you Ramon. Thank you. No, no, this is fantastic
Thank you. Folks, if at any point ever something's too small, please let us know. I don't know what languages may be an option, but it does look like it is at least. It would be a top down here. Okay, back to you Ramon. Thank you. No, no, this is fantastic Thank you so much, Jen, for pointing this out. Let's look at the settings of closed captioning real quick. Let me see where I can find that. I'm going to have to share a different window now, but I mean, this is what we can examine. And I can already see that you can indeed pick the language
Thank you so much, Jen, for pointing this out. Let's look at the settings of closed captioning real quick. Let me see where I can find that. I'm going to have to share a different window now, but I mean, this is what we can examine. And I can already see that you can indeed pick the language So I'm glad we went down that. When that down that path. It's not oh, I can't make it smaller. Fabulous. Yes, I hope that's okay. Again, since I'm streaming software instead of a browser, I don't know if I can. I cannot make it larger. But what you can do here is, you know. I can enable captioning
So I'm glad we went down that. When that down that path. It's not oh, I can't make it smaller. Fabulous. Yes, I hope that's okay. Again, since I'm streaming software instead of a browser, I don't know if I can. I cannot make it larger. But what you can do here is, you know. I can enable captioning Choose the source, which I think is important because when you're streaming and because OBS is open source, you can pick a myriad of different microphones and cameras. Some streamers you'll see have different cameras pointing at different things. For example, back, I have done it before
Choose the source, which I think is important because when you're streaming and because OBS is open source, you can pick a myriad of different microphones and cameras. Some streamers you'll see have different cameras pointing at different things. For example, back, I have done it before I've had like my phone filming one thing and my webcam at my hands when I was doing like hardware stuff, which is always, which is always good fun. It's good to have that option. And yes, indeed, we have a myriad of options. Not only can we have Spanish, but pick your. Oh, no, you can't
I've had like my phone filming one thing and my webcam at my hands when I was doing like hardware stuff, which is always, which is always good fun. It's good to have that option. And yes, indeed, we have a myriad of options. Not only can we have Spanish, but pick your. Oh, no, you can't Oh, no, you can't. Okay, well, I'll read them out if I may. We have not only do we have Spanish, but we have a myriad of Spanish options. Pick your favorite. Peru, Puerto Rico, Dominican Republic, Venezuela, Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica
Oh, no, you can't. Okay, well, I'll read them out if I may. We have not only do we have Spanish, but we have a myriad of Spanish options. Pick your favorite. Peru, Puerto Rico, Dominican Republic, Venezuela, Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica Like we have different flavors of Spanish, which is quite cool. I think these come from Google's engines, which is. There's even a profanity field. I got to turn this on. Unreliable. Oh, you can't see, but the drop down has off and on and then in brackets, unreliable
Like we have different flavors of Spanish, which is quite cool. I think these come from Google's engines, which is. There's even a profanity field. I got to turn this on. Unreliable. Oh, you can't see, but the drop down has off and on and then in brackets, unreliable You can see it here if I pick it. I'm going to leave it because why not. Capitalization. I feel like it'll just like bleep out everything I say, which is fair. What else we got? Transcripts. You can download transcripts. Like you can save transcripts of your of your captions. Open captions
You can see it here if I pick it. I'm going to leave it because why not. Capitalization. I feel like it'll just like bleep out everything I say, which is fair. What else we got? Transcripts. You can download transcripts. Like you can save transcripts of your of your captions. Open captions Open captions. This is what you saw me using. You can pick a text source, which is that very specific element that you put into your scene. I'd love to explore creating a scene if I may. Would that be compelling? You definitely. Yes. You can even have text filtering
Open captions. This is what you saw me using. You can pick a text source, which is that very specific element that you put into your scene. I'd love to explore creating a scene if I may. Would that be compelling? You definitely. Yes. You can even have text filtering I'm glad we went into these options because again, I'm a very lazy person and I don't take the time to explore options enough. What do we do? Before we do that, I'd love to explore the options of stream. Because I think these are relevant as well. And I have. I don't even know what to call it
I'm glad we went into these options because again, I'm a very lazy person and I don't take the time to explore options enough. What do we do? Before we do that, I'd love to explore the options of stream. Because I think these are relevant as well. And I have. I don't even know what to call it A secret. A secret nugget of wisdom to share about testing your streaming because this is something I get quite anxious about. I'll get to. I'll get to that in a second
A secret. A secret nugget of wisdom to share about testing your streaming because this is something I get quite anxious about. I'll get to. I'll get to that in a second So you've got your options for for the software itself, but also some options for streaming as well that I think are important to note here. Because I said you can stream to different places. It looks like you can only stream to one at a time. Maybe there's a plug-in to make that more flexible
So you've got your options for for the software itself, but also some options for streaming as well that I think are important to note here. Because I said you can stream to different places. It looks like you can only stream to one at a time. Maybe there's a plug-in to make that more flexible But you can pick. Oh, you can see there's twitch YouTube Facebook live free stream.io Twitter and there's more options. Also, there's very specific like URLs for something called RTMP. I believe it's called it's some kind of protocol. I'm not actually sure what it stands for
But you can pick. Oh, you can see there's twitch YouTube Facebook live free stream.io Twitter and there's more options. Also, there's very specific like URLs for something called RTMP. I believe it's called it's some kind of protocol. I'm not actually sure what it stands for But somebody's curious maybe they can help us find out. Pick your server. I'm streaming in Europe and Vienna, Austria. So I pick that and have your stream key. Now, I'm not going to click on show because that's. If I show that, then I'm going to get. Right now. This exactly. I will not
But somebody's curious maybe they can help us find out. Pick your server. I'm streaming in Europe and Vienna, Austria. So I pick that and have your stream key. Now, I'm not going to click on show because that's. If I show that, then I'm going to get. Right now. This exactly. I will not I will not. I will not endanger my streams. I'm very sorry folks. But yeah, you can post your stream key there. And you can get. They even have options for getting them and connecting your account directly, which I find to be helpful. But I said before. It's not just for streaming
I will not. I will not endanger my streams. I'm very sorry folks. But yeah, you can post your stream key there. And you can get. They even have options for getting them and connecting your account directly, which I find to be helpful. But I said before. It's not just for streaming It's also for recording. I do. I'm working on a course in collaboration with egghead and a squilla frontend to make a type script course. If you're following me or if your people have you helped me. Thank you once again. I was. I was streaming live. The course materials
It's also for recording. I do. I'm working on a course in collaboration with egghead and a squilla frontend to make a type script course. If you're following me or if your people have you helped me. Thank you once again. I was. I was streaming live. The course materials And I record them with this. And it's good. And it's good. So I mean, you know, it's processing video. Why not use it to record videos as well. It gives you that flexibility of having all of layouts and this sort of thing
And I record them with this. And it's good. And it's good. So I mean, you know, it's processing video. Why not use it to record videos as well. It gives you that flexibility of having all of layouts and this sort of thing I think that that about covers everything to do with options for OBS except for one part. I'm going to go back to sharing my browser now. So let's see. Twitch. Test. Stream without going live. So there is. I just want to check if it's going to show you my key. So I'm just going to
I think that that about covers everything to do with options for OBS except for one part. I'm going to go back to sharing my browser now. So let's see. Twitch. Test. Stream without going live. So there is. I just want to check if it's going to show you my key. So I'm just going to I'm just going to briefly share my screen. I am so glad that you're covering this because that I have so much anxiety about this. I tried when I very first started to set up a stream channel. I tried testing. I was trying to test and it actually went live and I panicked. And we rolled in there
I'm just going to briefly share my screen. I am so glad that you're covering this because that I have so much anxiety about this. I tried when I very first started to set up a stream channel. I tried testing. I was trying to test and it actually went live and I panicked. And we rolled in there And probably still panicking and that was six months ago. So I had to test it out to see if it would give a discord notification. So I purposely went live and I was like, and somebody got the notification. They're like, I got duped. Like no, wait a minute. I had to test some stuff
And probably still panicking and that was six months ago. So I had to test it out to see if it would give a discord notification. So I purposely went live and I was like, and somebody got the notification. They're like, I got duped. Like no, wait a minute. I had to test some stuff All DM you want discord calm down. I in that case, I highly recommend this. This tool. I'm going to paste a link here. It's called the Twitch Inspector. And what it lets you do is precisely that. Test your stream before you go live. Now, I'm going to steal my window here for a second
All DM you want discord calm down. I in that case, I highly recommend this. This tool. I'm going to paste a link here. It's called the Twitch Inspector. And what it lets you do is precisely that. Test your stream before you go live. Now, I'm going to steal my window here for a second So I'm just going to log in with Twitch and essentially see what happens. Because I quite frankly have no idea if it's going to show. My key, but if it does not, which I don't believe it does hold on a second. I know issues with that. Brilliant. Brilliant, brilliant, brilliant
So I'm just going to log in with Twitch and essentially see what happens. Because I quite frankly have no idea if it's going to show. My key, but if it does not, which I don't believe it does hold on a second. I know issues with that. Brilliant. Brilliant, brilliant, brilliant So give me one second, folks. Because I do think this is like really interesting. Really interesting stuff I said for for testing that bad stream. Okay. So since I'm streaming live right now. This is what you see. You can see that I've got a stable bit right
So give me one second, folks. Because I do think this is like really interesting. Really interesting stuff I said for for testing that bad stream. Okay. So since I'm streaming live right now. This is what you see. You can see that I've got a stable bit right You can see that I'm streaming today at January 16th. At I started at half past six. And that I'm live, which is all well and good. And I need to double check what that is. But I believe I'm not in any danger by doing this. Help guide. Broadcast URLs
You can see that I'm streaming today at January 16th. At I started at half past six. And that I'm live, which is all well and good. And I need to double check what that is. But I believe I'm not in any danger by doing this. Help guide. Broadcast URLs Broadcast URLs. Now, let me see if I can make this larger so we can all read it. It's best to understand what a broadcast you are. It looks like in what it does. And this is the critical part that I want to add here. This band with test option. Band with test equals true
Broadcast URLs. Now, let me see if I can make this larger so we can all read it. It's best to understand what a broadcast you are. It looks like in what it does. And this is the critical part that I want to add here. This band with test option. Band with test equals true What this does is if you add it to your key in OBS. So like you know how your key is a string, right. When you link up your your twitch to OBS, you're giving it a stream key. Like a like a piece of text that is essentially kind of a password. That's twitch looks like it's like, ah, I know
What this does is if you add it to your key in OBS. So like you know how your key is a string, right. When you link up your your twitch to OBS, you're giving it a stream key. Like a like a piece of text that is essentially kind of a password. That's twitch looks like it's like, ah, I know You are your OLSO milk underscore. You want a stream. I gotcha. Now, if you add this banded west. Band with test equals true. What it does is it says, all right, I will stream. But nobody's going to see it. And as far as your viewers are and followers are concerned, they're not going to know
You are your OLSO milk underscore. You want a stream. I gotcha. Now, if you add this banded west. Band with test equals true. What it does is it says, all right, I will stream. But nobody's going to see it. And as far as your viewers are and followers are concerned, they're not going to know However, you can come here to inspect your twitch.tv. And you'll see this. And you'll see that you are that you're live. And that you're streaming this much and your bit rate looks good. It's stable and all of that. And all of that stuff. So highly recommend that. Mm hmm. Yeah, that is very cool
However, you can come here to inspect your twitch.tv. And you'll see this. And you'll see that you are that you're live. And that you're streaming this much and your bit rate looks good. It's stable and all of that. And all of that stuff. So highly recommend that. Mm hmm. Yeah, that is very cool I think I actually I used this. But somehow because I was using it when I first started trying out stream lab. My brain made it a stream lab feature. Gotcha. Yeah, which it isn't. Yeah. Yeah, which it isn't. Yeah. Actually, that is a good point. Laura. Apparently that happened
I think I actually I used this. But somehow because I was using it when I first started trying out stream lab. My brain made it a stream lab feature. Gotcha. Yeah, which it isn't. Yeah. Yeah, which it isn't. Yeah. Actually, that is a good point. Laura. Apparently that happened I just found out that happened in my brain. And that no, but you know, you're making our big. Like they're real. They are real. But I think I think we're you're making a very important point. This is limited to twitch
I just found out that happened in my brain. And that no, but you know, you're making our big. Like they're real. They are real. But I think I think we're you're making a very important point. This is limited to twitch So if you're streaming to YouTube for unfortunately, I don't know of a solution off the top of my head. If somebody else does, please feel free to. To share it. But yeah, so this this inspector for testing your stream
So if you're streaming to YouTube for unfortunately, I don't know of a solution off the top of my head. If somebody else does, please feel free to. To share it. But yeah, so this this inspector for testing your stream Just to make sure that the connection is right and you got the correct key, which is a big part of it. Again, like being it being so kind of like. Hodge, podgy. You know, kind of Lego bricks put together. It can be a little bit nerve wracking to be like
Just to make sure that the connection is right and you got the correct key, which is a big part of it. Again, like being it being so kind of like. Hodge, podgy. You know, kind of Lego bricks put together. It can be a little bit nerve wracking to be like Did I do everything correctly? So yeah, it's super helpful. Yeah, I think it I also ended up not use it didn't. Do what I wanted it to do. Like I actually wasn't really worried about the technical part about. Yeah, I just sort of assumed that all that shit was going to work
Did I do everything correctly? So yeah, it's super helpful. Yeah, I think it I also ended up not use it didn't. Do what I wanted it to do. Like I actually wasn't really worried about the technical part about. Yeah, I just sort of assumed that all that shit was going to work I wanted to experience like, okay, this is what it feels like. This is what it looks like for me. This is so making sure that like my transitions are going the way that I want them to and that everything looks right. And that part, I think you can preview
I wanted to experience like, okay, this is what it feels like. This is what it looks like for me. This is so making sure that like my transitions are going the way that I want them to and that everything looks right. And that part, I think you can preview At least in stream labs, you could preview it. And you I'm sure you can preview it in OBS too. But I wanted to see what it like I wanted the entire experience of streaming without anybody seeing. And that I was not able to make happen
At least in stream labs, you could preview it. And you I'm sure you can preview it in OBS too. But I wanted to see what it like I wanted the entire experience of streaming without anybody seeing. And that I was not able to make happen I guess that's where the record the video recording might be suited best. I don't know because I wanted to play with like chat features. And like I wanted the entire experience. So actually what what we did was my husband created a Twitch account
I guess that's where the record the video recording might be suited best. I don't know because I wanted to play with like chat features. And like I wanted the entire experience. So actually what what we did was my husband created a Twitch account And I used his key and he had no it had no followers and so on. So I just like streamed to an account that nobody was looking at. Yeah. And like that did what I needed it to do. But that feels like an elegant solution. It feels like you should be able to just do that
And I used his key and he had no it had no followers and so on. So I just like streamed to an account that nobody was looking at. Yeah. And like that did what I needed it to do. But that feels like an elegant solution. It feels like you should be able to just do that I feel like I I would just stream and watch let people watch it. Because I like that you're here but I can't talk to you right now. I am focusing on this and if I acknowledge your existence at the moment, I'm going to get embarrassed
I feel like I I would just stream and watch let people watch it. Because I like that you're here but I can't talk to you right now. I am focusing on this and if I acknowledge your existence at the moment, I'm going to get embarrassed So you don't exist at the moment and I'm going to be trying stuff. So hang out if you want. And you know, if you haven't yet, I think you should give a talk about this topic. I think it will be helpful
So you don't exist at the moment and I'm going to be trying stuff. So hang out if you want. And you know, if you haven't yet, I think you should give a talk about this topic. I think it will be helpful What did you do it funny? For context folks, Jen cave a talk and you got this broadcast service on Saturday Sunday very early here. About how to go about this. Getting over that that speed bump of. And we call it perfectionism. Yeah. Yeah
What did you do it funny? For context folks, Jen cave a talk and you got this broadcast service on Saturday Sunday very early here. About how to go about this. Getting over that that speed bump of. And we call it perfectionism. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. As who says that there's dream buffered and what did I not want people to see anything? I didn't want people to see anything. I wanted no eyes upon me while I experienced everything except eyes upon me. Until you're good and ready. No, I feel you
Yeah. Yeah. As who says that there's dream buffered and what did I not want people to see anything? I didn't want people to see anything. I wanted no eyes upon me while I experienced everything except eyes upon me. Until you're good and ready. No, I feel you No, I feel you. I will say and I do want to give a shout out to these two right now. I am very much a fuck it. Let's do it. It'll be fine. I'll just do it in front of everybody. I'll be really embarrassed. It'll be great. I don't care. And I need structure
No, I feel you. I will say and I do want to give a shout out to these two right now. I am very much a fuck it. Let's do it. It'll be fine. I'll just do it in front of everybody. I'll be really embarrassed. It'll be great. I don't care. And I need structure Or people that tell me that this is stupid. No, not stupid because I don't like that terminology anymore. But this is silly. Or this just doesn't flow very well. Just for some reason there's nothing we need to do
Or people that tell me that this is stupid. No, not stupid because I don't like that terminology anymore. But this is silly. Or this just doesn't flow very well. Just for some reason there's nothing we need to do remote actually went through it slide by slide with me and I really enjoyed it and that is a big part of why I think we still need people that say fuck it in the world and encourage others to just get started and then we need people with structure. I need more of that fuck it energy
remote actually went through it slide by slide with me and I really enjoyed it and that is a big part of why I think we still need people that say fuck it in the world and encourage others to just get started and then we need people with structure. I need more of that fuck it energy And I need a structure. This is why we get along so well. I don't even know where I fall on that. I mean I think it also varies from like thing to thing that we're doing
And I need a structure. This is why we get along so well. I don't even know where I fall on that. I mean I think it also varies from like thing to thing that we're doing For example, you know talking about this you got this talk not to take us too far off topic but I've been nervous about this talk since it got accepted. I want to say September October but I only finished it on not too long ago
For example, you know talking about this you got this talk not to take us too far off topic but I've been nervous about this talk since it got accepted. I want to say September October but I only finished it on not too long ago To to to to to be discrete for for my co-speakers Tarnsake I don't want to you know in something dull. Dive all too much to respect them
To to to to to be discrete for for my co-speakers Tarnsake I don't want to you know in something dull. Dive all too much to respect them Oh I want to highlight what what Sue says it's not it's I think it's I think it's important to know so to be honest it takes so long to build an audience that someone new to twitch could be streaming every week for months and only have a couple of viewers and this is something that my dear friend Rizel actually touched upon that I really liked which is even if you have no viewers you're still getting something out of this especially when it comes to learning in public like one of the best things that's ever happened one of the best things I ever realized from streaming and I realized this is not super on topic with OBS but I think it's still worth mentioning is that you're explaining things out loud especially if you're if you're on if you're like me and you have a lot of anxiety and you don't want to be just coding silently on stream not that it's bad to do that that's just me indulging in posing on myself how I should stream explaining things out loud forces you to kind of understand it and so when I realize that teaching is one of the best learning tools so much yep that's what I so for for those of you who are new to me I was a math professor until a year ago and that was something that I really enforced for my students because I would and they would push back a bit because like students are really used to the format especially like in a math class where the professor stands at the board and like write stuff down and like solves solves problems from beginning to end and and so on and so you just get to see like this is how you do this and this is how you do that in blah blah blah and I didn't teach that way I would solve like an example problem and then I would turn it over to the students to do it in groups because you can watch somebody do something and think oh yeah that makes complete sense I've got this and then you go to do it yourself and you're like oh I don't got this at all and that's when you find out and so what I would tell the students is like it's way better for you to find out where like the gaps in your understanding or like things that you thought worked one way but they actually don't it's way better to find out like here while we're all still together instead of having like a dark night of the soul about it at home when you're trying to do your homework or take the exam or or whatever because and then especially since there were a lot of students were also they were they were working in groups and so a lot of students were uncomfortable with that they wanted to just like just do it by themselves which I completely empathize with and so I would say I 100% empathize with you right now I am still going to encourage not require because that's not helpful I am still going to encourage you to work together because teaching something is the best way to learn it absolutely yeah really allowed it's great too actually that's the the way I made my one so far free codecam contribution was I was for work I was setting up free code what was I doing maybe it wasn't for work I can't remember sorry it's not relevant I was going through the free code camp documentation and reading it out loud and that's how I found a typo a typing error because I was reading out loud I literally stumbled over the word well not literally you know what I mean I stumbled over the word and I was like hold on that's a typo I'll go fix it and that's how that's that was my contribution to free code camp I give every I give Ramona a funny look every time he says read out loud because this is the reason I read out loud is because of Ramona and Anna Wana because it's really hard for me as for those who may not know and be new to me is I am very very dyslexic so reading out loud is a great practice and it's something that I've done research on being dyslexic that it is I have a really hard time sounding out words and luckily being that one of the the streams that I do the most is with Laura and Laura is very patient with me while I'm trying to send out words and read them out loud and comments are a great way to get started and I know that we only have 20 more minutes and I just I'm going to pause this really quick because I feel like we did go through a lot of OBS things this is miss one day so this is what happens so I am just going to awkwardly ask on on the screen if Ramona will come on again sometime totally because I feel like we could go more into deep diving on creating the layouts and like starting from scratch I think it would be really cool maybe if you walked through like next week Laura or I setting up a layout and I was so going to ask I realized I went to a topic yeah going from Canva to going to OBS because something I've learned quite a bit especially working with these two is I get what you're saying like everything you said makes sense but going from the what to the how is a huge blocker for me that I think it would be really helpful seeing that from scratch we can do we can do Ramona can be me and we can be my students where you can hear somebody say something and be like yep that all makes sense but then when you go to do it you're like oh no I don't got it yeah and I think I think that's a great idea and I'm super happy to do it I would love to if I may just point out a couple caveats of using OBS because I don't think we got there yet and I know we have we're running out of time but I do want to point out a couple of caveats and also one more technical part so start with a one more technical part because this differs from person to person and I've actually met I've actually streamed with people who are like Ramona please do not do this when I'm on mute background music let's talk about background music because I think this is relevant so start with StreamYard StreamYard has built-in background music warning in advance I'm gonna play just a tiny bit do do feeding ducks do feeding the ducks feeding the ducks it is we'll clarify what this means in just a moment so you're about to hear some music right what you're listening to now is built-in music created by or licensed to folks at StreamYard the problem with music in StreamYard and this goes for video as well is that algorithms are constantly running on Twitch and I believe YouTube as well to make sure that there's no copyrighted content on your stream so if you start playing maybe an artist please listen if you try to like any artist basically you have to have royalty-free music or have a license to use it like there's actually an announcement random announcement is there is a musician that I made friends with on TikTok that is like yo dude if you want to start using my music on your streams do it I'd be that would be down so no so the way that something like that would go is I would need written permission from them and I have to at least have it in the description and if possible also saying it in the stream as well because it's also like you know you don't want to not give somebody credit if they're going to go so but if you just want random music look for royalty-free so that's the thing the royalty music very important and having that written permission also very important that I think the problem and I'm not an expert so I am not and I am definitely not a lawyer so don't don't take this as super solid advice here but I don't think that circumvents the algorithm the algorithm doesn't know that you have that written permission so when in doubt try to avoid using music that is copyrighted that said streamyard what about OBS and this is where I want to introduce another piece of software that I would love to recommend that comes with its own caveats if you have the money's j-miller oh j recommends epic mic sounds or story blocks com super cool both of those are really cool and epidemic also does I believe elements to you which it will have a lot of graphics and so much more that you can use as well and I think story blocks does too here's another platform and tool that I would love to recommend whoops I am zooming into the wrong website so this is pretzel pretzel is a DMCA digital digital rights millennium copyright act something like this which is an American law but also most copyright free radio this is a radio that you can set up on your computer to play royalty free music and I have it I have it's installed on my computer love to just briefly show you it no I need to log into twitch with it real quick give me two seconds folks I promise this is super super relevant and I think you'll like it as a side note while they're working on that is music is very very debatable whether or not people want to have it on their streams not just because of what we're talking about right now but because of distractions how people learn neuro divergence in these like there is a lot that goes into it like right now if we have music going it would be like too much like I would like literally be like crawling in my skin trying to hear and talk at the same time and like probably just like at mystery because it's really hard for me to do both at the same time where is the vibe streaming alone it's really weird to not have something talk back to me that I'll put music in the background because I'm like I'm just talking a lot to myself I don't really need to listen and that is and that and that is exactly it so like you know keep in mind of keep your audience in mind and if somebody says like hey can we turn off the music totally like absolutely keep that in mind now this is pretzel rocks running on my computer it's linked to my twitch and I'll show you why in a moment it's also I've also enabled YouTube safety because YouTube and twitch have different licensing thingy bobs and I have it on instrumental because lyrics distract me yes talk about stations for a second again you have a whole bunch of options I'm a low five person myself so I'll put on the low five channel and just but you've got a whole bunch of stuff you got if you want a code to metal be my guest you want to code to pop EDM classic rock chill and so on this is really cool and I said this is all cop royalty free and I'm going to show you in just a second what happens if I play it because I want to show you something that's going to like I hope this works give it a minute the way it works with the copyright and I hope this shows up I'm waiting for it let me put on another so I'm going to skip to the next song I promise there's this is relevant because it's linked to my twitch hey there it is fantastic this is how it gives credit a comment shows up in your twitch chat saying who it's by and a link to it so this is this is a really useful tool for that jesus is somebody asked me to turn out my music it's the block I'm only slightly kidding my stream my environment I'm not going to conform to you super fair super fair happy lower the volume if it's too loud and you can't hear you but I'm not changing things and that's absolutely absolutely fair this is you have the liberty the the the the flexibility to be able to to to choose how you best stream on that note really really quick is that you can wear headphones and you don't have to stream your music so that way if it's something that is like personally something that you need to do it by eat like a lot of your listeners viewers out vote you you can find other ways to work with it or you can choose to do what j said and not conform to them and this is your strength your power exactly this is the wonderful thing about live stream you don't have to conform with any trends you don't have to have you know I can't think of an option you don't have to have a green screen you can be like me and just have a mess behind you you know what I mean like the options are yours and I think uh technical caveat to streaming music from pretzel rocks and that comes down to an operating system level one of the inputs you can have on OBS is called audio output what this means is that you can say hey have the audio that's going to my headphones also go to the street super helpful if you want to stream music works great on windows tricky on macOS it is possible and you'll have to install some open source software but it is mess so I'm going to pause this right there because I'm sorry because you know we got uh I have a hard stop at nine minutes um so I'm going to start rafanus because this is what we normally do is an hour and a half and for those who may or may not have noticed on Mondays for Miss Monday Laura and I will be starting a half hour later um which is 930 pacific 1230 eastern 76 and more kinds as well 630 yeah I don't know I don't know it's somewhere um it's half an hour later than normal how about that and just wanting to give everybody a heads up we actually for those who are coming to my channel I guess I'll say um my days are still going to be uh miss Mondays with Laura Tuesdays are going to be just like whatever random guest um Wednesdays are neurodiversity and mental health twitter spaces Thursdays are distributed with Ramon and I don't know if you're there in my screen you're there maybe you're over here I don't know um and on Fridays every other Friday it's either typescript with Josh Goldberg or Python with Laura so I basically have a pretty consistent schedule now it's crazy um I'm very excited about this and please please please if you're joining in from my channel go follow the beautiful humans that are joining us today look this works this works me I'll just totally does like try to push you up hold you up like be like hey I don't uh and yes bunch of random shit yeah so sorry just a gentle reminder because we were talking about this earlier I did notice that you used a word crazy uh try to up for using something like wild or uh incredible stuff like this um fair enough oh my day was I know I feel like that's going to be really really struggle bus for me I feel like struggle bus is okay because it's a bus and it's not saying like the short bus it's a struggle and it's a bus because I also say buschot I'm just very bus themed Jen it's not called if if it were easy it wouldn't be called the work hmm it's true it's true and I appreciate the call out because that is something that society has taught me taught us all one way that we have to many of us have to put in the work to relearn and it helps having people call it out so we actually take time to go like I don't even know where I said it but I'm like oh yeah I probably did say it so be more conscious about that thank you thank you for being so receptive and willing to listen never oh one fair well hey listen it was it it was a joint chat with y'all we definitely want to cover like talk about like having guests on OBS which is a cold topic um sometime that we're actually planning on doing so and got a little sidetracked because it's miscellaneous my days see that's what I like it is I actually did reach out to the person that I was telling you to about no reply yet but we'll see if they want to come on the show as well yes to be to be determined and to be continued hopefully yes and I hope y'all have a wonderful Monday on our list of my days I can say that I don't know what I would do without Laura on Mondays because y'all I miss a very important meeting this morning and I will say by the time I get to miss Mondays the matter how bad my morning was it resets and I really really appreciate it so much likewise because you know it's it's earlier for me so um it's it's almost the first thing my first thing on Mondays I do now have a meeting on Mondays that's before this that's why we have shifted back half an hour um and and so it's almost my first thing on Mondays and so it just sets like a lovely tone for starting the week yeah and for me it's a good it's a good end to the day there you go yes yes all right I am going to raid y'all over to I don't actually I've never said their name out loud prime prime Megan prime Megan prime Megan I don't know easy to okay so we're just gonna raid so bye everybody bye as it counts down because I hit prime agent oh it's primeogen okay well y'all are going to primeogen okay bye see you later
Oh I want to highlight what what Sue says it's not it's I think it's I think it's important to know so to be honest it takes so long to build an audience that someone new to twitch could be streaming every week for months and only have a couple of viewers and this is something that my dear friend Rizel actually touched upon that I really liked which is even if you have no viewers you're still getting something out of this especially when it comes to learning in public like one of the best things that's ever happened one of the best things I ever realized from streaming and I realized this is not super on topic with OBS but I think it's still worth mentioning is that you're explaining things out loud especially if you're if you're on if you're like me and you have a lot of anxiety and you don't want to be just coding silently on stream not that it's bad to do that that's just me indulging in posing on myself how I should stream explaining things out loud forces you to kind of understand it and so when I realize that teaching is one of the best learning tools so much yep that's what I so for for those of you who are new to me I was a math professor until a year ago and that was something that I really enforced for my students because I would and they would push back a bit because like students are really used to the format especially like in a math class where the professor stands at the board and like write stuff down and like solves solves problems from beginning to end and and so on and so you just get to see like this is how you do this and this is how you do that in blah blah blah and I didn't teach that way I would solve like an example problem and then I would turn it over to the students to do it in groups because you can watch somebody do something and think oh yeah that makes complete sense I've got this and then you go to do it yourself and you're like oh I don't got this at all and that's when you find out and so what I would tell the students is like it's way better for you to find out where like the gaps in your understanding or like things that you thought worked one way but they actually don't it's way better to find out like here while we're all still together instead of having like a dark night of the soul about it at home when you're trying to do your homework or take the exam or or whatever because and then especially since there were a lot of students were also they were they were working in groups and so a lot of students were uncomfortable with that they wanted to just like just do it by themselves which I completely empathize with and so I would say I 100% empathize with you right now I am still going to encourage not require because that's not helpful I am still going to encourage you to work together because teaching something is the best way to learn it absolutely yeah really allowed it's great too actually that's the the way I made my one so far free codecam contribution was I was for work I was setting up free code what was I doing maybe it wasn't for work I can't remember sorry it's not relevant I was going through the free code camp documentation and reading it out loud and that's how I found a typo a typing error because I was reading out loud I literally stumbled over the word well not literally you know what I mean I stumbled over the word and I was like hold on that's a typo I'll go fix it and that's how that's that was my contribution to free code camp I give every I give Ramona a funny look every time he says read out loud because this is the reason I read out loud is because of Ramona and Anna Wana because it's really hard for me as for those who may not know and be new to me is I am very very dyslexic so reading out loud is a great practice and it's something that I've done research on being dyslexic that it is I have a really hard time sounding out words and luckily being that one of the the streams that I do the most is with Laura and Laura is very patient with me while I'm trying to send out words and read them out loud and comments are a great way to get started and I know that we only have 20 more minutes and I just I'm going to pause this really quick because I feel like we did go through a lot of OBS things this is miss one day so this is what happens so I am just going to awkwardly ask on on the screen if Ramona will come on again sometime totally because I feel like we could go more into deep diving on creating the layouts and like starting from scratch I think it would be really cool maybe if you walked through like next week Laura or I setting up a layout and I was so going to ask I realized I went to a topic yeah going from Canva to going to OBS because something I've learned quite a bit especially working with these two is I get what you're saying like everything you said makes sense but going from the what to the how is a huge blocker for me that I think it would be really helpful seeing that from scratch we can do we can do Ramona can be me and we can be my students where you can hear somebody say something and be like yep that all makes sense but then when you go to do it you're like oh no I don't got it yeah and I think I think that's a great idea and I'm super happy to do it I would love to if I may just point out a couple caveats of using OBS because I don't think we got there yet and I know we have we're running out of time but I do want to point out a couple of caveats and also one more technical part so start with a one more technical part because this differs from person to person and I've actually met I've actually streamed with people who are like Ramona please do not do this when I'm on mute background music let's talk about background music because I think this is relevant so start with StreamYard StreamYard has built-in background music warning in advance I'm gonna play just a tiny bit do do feeding ducks do feeding the ducks feeding the ducks it is we'll clarify what this means in just a moment so you're about to hear some music right what you're listening to now is built-in music created by or licensed to folks at StreamYard the problem with music in StreamYard and this goes for video as well is that algorithms are constantly running on Twitch and I believe YouTube as well to make sure that there's no copyrighted content on your stream so if you start playing maybe an artist please listen if you try to like any artist basically you have to have royalty-free music or have a license to use it like there's actually an announcement random announcement is there is a musician that I made friends with on TikTok that is like yo dude if you want to start using my music on your streams do it I'd be that would be down so no so the way that something like that would go is I would need written permission from them and I have to at least have it in the description and if possible also saying it in the stream as well because it's also like you know you don't want to not give somebody credit if they're going to go so but if you just want random music look for royalty-free so that's the thing the royalty music very important and having that written permission also very important that I think the problem and I'm not an expert so I am not and I am definitely not a lawyer so don't don't take this as super solid advice here but I don't think that circumvents the algorithm the algorithm doesn't know that you have that written permission so when in doubt try to avoid using music that is copyrighted that said streamyard what about OBS and this is where I want to introduce another piece of software that I would love to recommend that comes with its own caveats if you have the money's j-miller oh j recommends epic mic sounds or story blocks com super cool both of those are really cool and epidemic also does I believe elements to you which it will have a lot of graphics and so much more that you can use as well and I think story blocks does too here's another platform and tool that I would love to recommend whoops I am zooming into the wrong website so this is pretzel pretzel is a DMCA digital digital rights millennium copyright act something like this which is an American law but also most copyright free radio this is a radio that you can set up on your computer to play royalty free music and I have it I have it's installed on my computer love to just briefly show you it no I need to log into twitch with it real quick give me two seconds folks I promise this is super super relevant and I think you'll like it as a side note while they're working on that is music is very very debatable whether or not people want to have it on their streams not just because of what we're talking about right now but because of distractions how people learn neuro divergence in these like there is a lot that goes into it like right now if we have music going it would be like too much like I would like literally be like crawling in my skin trying to hear and talk at the same time and like probably just like at mystery because it's really hard for me to do both at the same time where is the vibe streaming alone it's really weird to not have something talk back to me that I'll put music in the background because I'm like I'm just talking a lot to myself I don't really need to listen and that is and that and that is exactly it so like you know keep in mind of keep your audience in mind and if somebody says like hey can we turn off the music totally like absolutely keep that in mind now this is pretzel rocks running on my computer it's linked to my twitch and I'll show you why in a moment it's also I've also enabled YouTube safety because YouTube and twitch have different licensing thingy bobs and I have it on instrumental because lyrics distract me yes talk about stations for a second again you have a whole bunch of options I'm a low five person myself so I'll put on the low five channel and just but you've got a whole bunch of stuff you got if you want a code to metal be my guest you want to code to pop EDM classic rock chill and so on this is really cool and I said this is all cop royalty free and I'm going to show you in just a second what happens if I play it because I want to show you something that's going to like I hope this works give it a minute the way it works with the copyright and I hope this shows up I'm waiting for it let me put on another so I'm going to skip to the next song I promise there's this is relevant because it's linked to my twitch hey there it is fantastic this is how it gives credit a comment shows up in your twitch chat saying who it's by and a link to it so this is this is a really useful tool for that jesus is somebody asked me to turn out my music it's the block I'm only slightly kidding my stream my environment I'm not going to conform to you super fair super fair happy lower the volume if it's too loud and you can't hear you but I'm not changing things and that's absolutely absolutely fair this is you have the liberty the the the the flexibility to be able to to to choose how you best stream on that note really really quick is that you can wear headphones and you don't have to stream your music so that way if it's something that is like personally something that you need to do it by eat like a lot of your listeners viewers out vote you you can find other ways to work with it or you can choose to do what j said and not conform to them and this is your strength your power exactly this is the wonderful thing about live stream you don't have to conform with any trends you don't have to have you know I can't think of an option you don't have to have a green screen you can be like me and just have a mess behind you you know what I mean like the options are yours and I think uh technical caveat to streaming music from pretzel rocks and that comes down to an operating system level one of the inputs you can have on OBS is called audio output what this means is that you can say hey have the audio that's going to my headphones also go to the street super helpful if you want to stream music works great on windows tricky on macOS it is possible and you'll have to install some open source software but it is mess so I'm going to pause this right there because I'm sorry because you know we got uh I have a hard stop at nine minutes um so I'm going to start rafanus because this is what we normally do is an hour and a half and for those who may or may not have noticed on Mondays for Miss Monday Laura and I will be starting a half hour later um which is 930 pacific 1230 eastern 76 and more kinds as well 630 yeah I don't know I don't know it's somewhere um it's half an hour later than normal how about that and just wanting to give everybody a heads up we actually for those who are coming to my channel I guess I'll say um my days are still going to be uh miss Mondays with Laura Tuesdays are going to be just like whatever random guest um Wednesdays are neurodiversity and mental health twitter spaces Thursdays are distributed with Ramon and I don't know if you're there in my screen you're there maybe you're over here I don't know um and on Fridays every other Friday it's either typescript with Josh Goldberg or Python with Laura so I basically have a pretty consistent schedule now it's crazy um I'm very excited about this and please please please if you're joining in from my channel go follow the beautiful humans that are joining us today look this works this works me I'll just totally does like try to push you up hold you up like be like hey I don't uh and yes bunch of random shit yeah so sorry just a gentle reminder because we were talking about this earlier I did notice that you used a word crazy uh try to up for using something like wild or uh incredible stuff like this um fair enough oh my day was I know I feel like that's going to be really really struggle bus for me I feel like struggle bus is okay because it's a bus and it's not saying like the short bus it's a struggle and it's a bus because I also say buschot I'm just very bus themed Jen it's not called if if it were easy it wouldn't be called the work hmm it's true it's true and I appreciate the call out because that is something that society has taught me taught us all one way that we have to many of us have to put in the work to relearn and it helps having people call it out so we actually take time to go like I don't even know where I said it but I'm like oh yeah I probably did say it so be more conscious about that thank you thank you for being so receptive and willing to listen never oh one fair well hey listen it was it it was a joint chat with y'all we definitely want to cover like talk about like having guests on OBS which is a cold topic um sometime that we're actually planning on doing so and got a little sidetracked because it's miscellaneous my days see that's what I like it is I actually did reach out to the person that I was telling you to about no reply yet but we'll see if they want to come on the show as well yes to be to be determined and to be continued hopefully yes and I hope y'all have a wonderful Monday on our list of my days I can say that I don't know what I would do without Laura on Mondays because y'all I miss a very important meeting this morning and I will say by the time I get to miss Mondays the matter how bad my morning was it resets and I really really appreciate it so much likewise because you know it's it's earlier for me so um it's it's almost the first thing my first thing on Mondays I do now have a meeting on Mondays that's before this that's why we have shifted back half an hour um and and so it's almost my first thing on Mondays and so it just sets like a lovely tone for starting the week yeah and for me it's a good it's a good end to the day there you go yes yes all right I am going to raid y'all over to I don't actually I've never said their name out loud prime prime Megan prime Megan prime Megan I don't know easy to okay so we're just gonna raid so bye everybody bye as it counts down because I hit prime agent oh it's primeogen okay well y'all are going to primeogen okay bye see you later