And we are live. Hey, Taylor. Hey, how you doing, Ramon? I'm doing very well. Thank you. How are you? Yeah, just just peachy had a really exciting kind of strategy session with our full time team last week. And I'm finishing up a 50-age document. I think that's so much cool stuff going on this year And one of the things we realized was like we you know, so many great people working on different parts of D.A. But it's kind of lived in our heads how all these different pieces fit together
And one of the things we realized was like we you know, so many great people working on different parts of D.A. But it's kind of lived in our heads how all these different pieces fit together And so this document really you know looks at what are we going to be doing over the 2023 year? But also how does that complement each other? You know, because there's lots of moving parts across our different teams, right
And so this document really you know looks at what are we going to be doing over the 2023 year? But also how does that complement each other? You know, because there's lots of moving parts across our different teams, right A good example is the needs assessment or logistics coordinators use the needs assessment survey tool and send that link to build the survey out
A good example is the needs assessment or logistics coordinators use the needs assessment survey tool and send that link to build the survey out They send that link to our frontline receiving groups, right? They get responses in, then they do data cleanup, and then we pull it into the lending site to show it off in the new needs kind of visualization that we just launched
They send that link to our frontline receiving groups, right? They get responses in, then they do data cleanup, and then we pull it into the lending site to show it off in the new needs kind of visualization that we just launched And so I think, you know, that works really on people understand how tech integrates with their other efforts on that pathway. But there's so much more that we can do. So just good to get everyone aligned feeling really good about our goals for this year. And yeah, excited to like get into it
And so I think, you know, that works really on people understand how tech integrates with their other efforts on that pathway. But there's so much more that we can do. So just good to get everyone aligned feeling really good about our goals for this year. And yeah, excited to like get into it Love it. Love it. Well, let's let's take an opportunity to do that. So we are just to give everybody a little bit of context is what's going on. You might be watching on one of our several we are we are streaming to several platforms at the moment we're streaming to Jen's Twitch
Love it. Love it. Well, let's let's take an opportunity to do that. So we are just to give everybody a little bit of context is what's going on. You might be watching on one of our several we are we are streaming to several platforms at the moment we're streaming to Jen's Twitch We are streaming to distribute a Twitch. We're streaming to my Twitch and you might be watching right now and
We are streaming to distribute a Twitch. We're streaming to my Twitch and you might be watching right now and And you might be watching and thinking like hold on a minute, where's Jen not to worry Jen's running a little late, but she's going to join in because if you caught did miss the stream last week. Jen's going to be joining the distributed stream or I guess we're combining forces
And you might be watching and thinking like hold on a minute, where's Jen not to worry Jen's running a little late, but she's going to join in because if you caught did miss the stream last week. Jen's going to be joining the distributed stream or I guess we're combining forces I don't know how to do it. I mean, it feels like we did the crossover episode last year and I was feels like an ongoing mashup or something. Yeah, we've seen we've we've signed all the signed all the deals all of the what is it? Voltaire agreement and stuff
I don't know how to do it. I mean, it feels like we did the crossover episode last year and I was feels like an ongoing mashup or something. Yeah, we've seen we've we've signed all the signed all the deals all of the what is it? Voltaire agreement and stuff Oh, yeah, but I also I'm sorry I was sticking to the television metaphor. What is that called when when when you have a crossover you need to sign off on it. You know, the companies need to sign off on it. I don't know. I live in like a very informal grassroots world
Oh, yeah, but I also I'm sorry I was sticking to the television metaphor. What is that called when when when you have a crossover you need to sign off on it. You know, the companies need to sign off on it. I don't know. I live in like a very informal grassroots world I make million dollar a deal with like a WhatsApp handshake. You know, like this like signing documentation and stuff is like I don't want my name on there. Fair, fair. So well, good to have you here
I make million dollar a deal with like a WhatsApp handshake. You know, like this like signing documentation and stuff is like I don't want my name on there. Fair, fair. So well, good to have you here Taylor is always and you know, since you know, now that we're streaming with Jen, we're going to be having a lot more eyes on the streams, which is fantastic. Thank you, Jen, for for bringing those folks our way and like, you know, exposing to what we're doing at distributed
Taylor is always and you know, since you know, now that we're streaming with Jen, we're going to be having a lot more eyes on the streams, which is fantastic. Thank you, Jen, for for bringing those folks our way and like, you know, exposing to what we're doing at distributed And of course, for your incredible contributions to not just the champions program, but also distributed as a whole. Taylor, shall we take a moment to sort of reintroduce folks to what distributed does what it is and what we're up to? What is our open source Thursdays all about? Definitely
And of course, for your incredible contributions to not just the champions program, but also distributed as a whole. Taylor, shall we take a moment to sort of reintroduce folks to what distributed does what it is and what we're up to? What is our open source Thursdays all about? Definitely So distribute aid is a grassroots humanitarian aid and profit. And we focus on connecting communities through supply chains to support each other
So distribute aid is a grassroots humanitarian aid and profit. And we focus on connecting communities through supply chains to support each other So a great example is like we're the team that solved Brexit for humanitarian aid and we kept our UK collection groups connected to their frontline partners in northern France. And kind of we're able to continue to maintain support
So a great example is like we're the team that solved Brexit for humanitarian aid and we kept our UK collection groups connected to their frontline partners in northern France. And kind of we're able to continue to maintain support And then of course we organize the shipments and we deal with customs and all of this. So we really help smaller organizations that want to do that in the world interact with like a very big and difficult to navigate global supply chain and work together to achieve efficiency at scale
And then of course we organize the shipments and we deal with customs and all of this. So we really help smaller organizations that want to do that in the world interact with like a very big and difficult to navigate global supply chain and work together to achieve efficiency at scale Yeah, it's really cool. Most of the aid that we send is where is is like very environmental. We're preventing waste, right? You know, so it's second hand items that people gather from their communities. It's for in kind donors program. A lot of the stuff is and would otherwise be destroyed
Yeah, it's really cool. Most of the aid that we send is where is is like very environmental. We're preventing waste, right? You know, so it's second hand items that people gather from their communities. It's for in kind donors program. A lot of the stuff is and would otherwise be destroyed It's over stock. It's a misprint something like that. So I feel like, you know, like people have human rights like you deserve to live a life of dignity, which means they're basic items that you need
It's over stock. It's a misprint something like that. So I feel like, you know, like people have human rights like you deserve to live a life of dignity, which means they're basic items that you need And if we can, you know, like make get people and meet those needs as cheaply and efficiently as possible using the resources we already have
And if we can, you know, like make get people and meet those needs as cheaply and efficiently as possible using the resources we already have You know, that's like not only are we solving immediate needs now, but we're really trying to build kind of systems and processes that meet these needs for everybody in the future. Right
You know, that's like not only are we solving immediate needs now, but we're really trying to build kind of systems and processes that meet these needs for everybody in the future. Right Like what we do today is awesome, but it's really like how are we going to support each other? What does community driven support look like 20 years from now as the climate crisis worsens? You know, as as different things happen, right
Like what we do today is awesome, but it's really like how are we going to support each other? What does community driven support look like 20 years from now as the climate crisis worsens? You know, as as different things happen, right So in a short term, meet needs today and we operate across Europe, including sending support to Eastern Europe, very pain response
So in a short term, meet needs today and we operate across Europe, including sending support to Eastern Europe, very pain response We send a Lebanon and we're ramping things up in the US right now
We send a Lebanon and we're ramping things up in the US right now You know, but also like how, you know, not even how does distribute aid help connect these communities in the future? How do communities get connected? Can we open source everything? Can we build the tech tools
You know, but also like how, you know, not even how does distribute aid help connect these communities in the future? How do communities get connected? Can we open source everything? Can we build the tech tools Can we build the documentation and knowledge sharing so that anybody could do what we do? That's awesome
Can we build the documentation and knowledge sharing so that anybody could do what we do? That's awesome And I think I think to that point, the open source component, which is what you see here today, you know, if you're tuning into OSS Thursdays. So this is something that Taylor and I have been doing for gosh. You're half, you're half, you're half. Years, yeah. It's it's been a while
And I think I think to that point, the open source component, which is what you see here today, you know, if you're tuning into OSS Thursdays. So this is something that Taylor and I have been doing for gosh. You're half, you're half, you're half. Years, yeah. It's it's been a while And so what we're doing here is we're tuning in every Thursday, just to hack a little bit on our opens or stuff
And so what we're doing here is we're tuning in every Thursday, just to hack a little bit on our opens or stuff So big objective here is to make all of this more approachable, especially for folks who are looking to get started in open source software development or even making contributions or whatever they'd like to do
So big objective here is to make all of this more approachable, especially for folks who are looking to get started in open source software development or even making contributions or whatever they'd like to do And and do so in a way that is sustainable, not just in a physical sense, but also in a way of brings as much benefit to contributors as it does to maintainers, which can oftentimes go one way or the other
And and do so in a way that is sustainable, not just in a physical sense, but also in a way of brings as much benefit to contributors as it does to maintainers, which can oftentimes go one way or the other Really what we want to do here is like provide an environment for folks that they can come in, make their contributions and stick around
Really what we want to do here is like provide an environment for folks that they can come in, make their contributions and stick around Of course, if they want to essentially, eventually making this a self propagating kind of thing where you can help out be in charge of guiding others through specific parts of the code base
Of course, if they want to essentially, eventually making this a self propagating kind of thing where you can help out be in charge of guiding others through specific parts of the code base Well, that's the whole goal right we had a great success with really when Roni worked very hard to make it super easy to like check out the code and work on your first PR and get involved and we host code jams and these live streams
Well, that's the whole goal right we had a great success with really when Roni worked very hard to make it super easy to like check out the code and work on your first PR and get involved and we host code jams and these live streams But we want to help people level up in open source so we're big believers in mutual aid, which means that like if you're if you're contributing to helping someone out, you should also be benefiting from that right and some sort of not like a transactional exchange, you know, but there is an exchange
But we want to help people level up in open source so we're big believers in mutual aid, which means that like if you're if you're contributing to helping someone out, you should also be benefiting from that right and some sort of not like a transactional exchange, you know, but there is an exchange And so I think we're so excited for this new dev champions program that general be building out because it lets us be more intentional. It's not just like, hey, show up to the code jam and you know pick an issue and work on it
And so I think we're so excited for this new dev champions program that general be building out because it lets us be more intentional. It's not just like, hey, show up to the code jam and you know pick an issue and work on it We're going to be creating pathways that people can go through to develop their skills in different areas of web development of project maintenance of testing, you know, all these different tracks
We're going to be creating pathways that people can go through to develop their skills in different areas of web development of project maintenance of testing, you know, all these different tracks And there will be a structured approach right so it's not just like pick up an issue, get it done and kind of feel good about that, but really, you know, here's a larger stream of things that you can like work on and have a larger impact by owning that as a whole
And there will be a structured approach right so it's not just like pick up an issue, get it done and kind of feel good about that, but really, you know, here's a larger stream of things that you can like work on and have a larger impact by owning that as a whole And then hopefully like you said, Ramon, people get inspired by going through that. It's like cool like that was a great three months like and if you want to call it a day like that's fine
And then hopefully like you said, Ramon, people get inspired by going through that. It's like cool like that was a great three months like and if you want to call it a day like that's fine But if you want to after kind of going through that program, you know, be be a maintainer, be a leader, right, like own this section of the code based and help other people contribute towards it
But if you want to after kind of going through that program, you know, be be a maintainer, be a leader, right, like own this section of the code based and help other people contribute towards it I think that's what you were getting at with the self propagating, you know, like, yeah, yeah, be the change you want to see essentially
I think that's what you were getting at with the self propagating, you know, like, yeah, yeah, be the change you want to see essentially So let's, you know, again, just in case you're tuning in folks and you're wondering, hold on, where's Jen, don't worry, Jen still here we haven't taken over her channel
So let's, you know, again, just in case you're tuning in folks and you're wondering, hold on, where's Jen, don't worry, Jen still here we haven't taken over her channel She's just Jen's going to be joining us as soon as she's done with other things that she's doing, but she should be here and y'all we're talking about. Oh, yeah, how is that? Did you say Jen three times on stream and she shows up, you know, in my, in my, my be a thing, in my be a thing
She's just Jen's going to be joining us as soon as she's done with other things that she's doing, but she should be here and y'all we're talking about. Oh, yeah, how is that? Did you say Jen three times on stream and she shows up, you know, in my, in my, my be a thing, in my be a thing And also, I'm, may or may not have had to redo that video like seven times because do you want to give us a little context into that? What, what are you talking about? What I'm doing. Yeah, I'm seeing a view nation next week on January 25th and 26th, you can get your free tickets at view.js nation
And also, I'm, may or may not have had to redo that video like seven times because do you want to give us a little context into that? What, what are you talking about? What I'm doing. Yeah, I'm seeing a view nation next week on January 25th and 26th, you can get your free tickets at view.js nationjs nation.com. So I know now the reason I'm wincing and smiling at the same time is because I know what making those videos is like and it is so difficult. Especially for me, because I, I get excited, I go off script, I mung, I mangle words in my mouth as I'm trying to get them out
js nation.com. So I know now the reason I'm wincing and smiling at the same time is because I know what making those videos is like and it is so difficult. Especially for me, because I, I get excited, I go off script, I mung, I mangle words in my mouth as I'm trying to get them out It's I 100% did all of that. And I also just like struggle bust. And then, so this is a very silly thing. I, you, I definitely, I love makeup. And I got the wrong shade of foundation. And I am like recording and I'm like, I can see all of the miscolors that I tried to blend earlier
It's I 100% did all of that. And I also just like struggle bust. And then, so this is a very silly thing. I, you, I definitely, I love makeup. And I got the wrong shade of foundation. And I am like recording and I'm like, I can see all of the miscolors that I tried to blend earlier Where when you're streaming, hey, I don't care as much because I'm like, it's live. People don't care. Whatever. But it's a lot closer. And I'm like, oh my god. I had to fix that. So thanks for your patience. I'm here. And I'm going to flip some point. Well, thank you. Thank you. Yeah
Where when you're streaming, hey, I don't care as much because I'm like, it's live. People don't care. Whatever. But it's a lot closer. And I'm like, oh my god. I had to fix that. So thanks for your patience. I'm here. And I'm going to flip some point. Well, thank you. Thank you. Yeah Thank you. Yeah. I got one of my handy dandy like moisturize or things. So it's like blend, blend. And I got to do eyes like I got some nail polish or Christmas, which is so much fun. But it's so intimidating. Like I don't as a guy like walking into a makeup store
Thank you. Yeah. I got one of my handy dandy like moisturize or things. So it's like blend, blend. And I got to do eyes like I got some nail polish or Christmas, which is so much fun. But it's so intimidating. Like I don't as a guy like walking into a makeup store And I'm just like, show me all of the like eyeliner. And it's like, no, it's broken down by brand. And I have no idea. Let me know if you have questions. If you want to have a chat about makeup, I will talk too much about it. I love it
And I'm just like, show me all of the like eyeliner. And it's like, no, it's broken down by brand. And I have no idea. Let me know if you have questions. If you want to have a chat about makeup, I will talk too much about it. I love it I love it. And it's something that I think is like so empowering to be able to change the way you look as like a canvas. And so there's like days where I'm just like, yeah, if I get I don't feel like doing anything
I love it. And it's something that I think is like so empowering to be able to change the way you look as like a canvas. And so there's like days where I'm just like, yeah, if I get I don't feel like doing anything And then there's days where I'm like, I want to go all out and like literally have like the fake lashes on and everything. And so I feel like all people should do this. If they're interested, that's I should say that. I don't feel like all people should like anyway
And then there's days where I'm like, I want to go all out and like literally have like the fake lashes on and everything. And so I feel like all people should do this. If they're interested, that's I should say that. I don't feel like all people should like anyway Not to go too off topic, but on my 2023, I don't call it goals on my 2023 things that want to do bingo that I do that I've. I like that. I like that. Oh, it is fantastic. It's the best thing. Like resolutions are long. A thing that passed for me, but like things I want to do bingo. That's fun
Not to go too off topic, but on my 2023, I don't call it goals on my 2023 things that want to do bingo that I do that I've. I like that. I like that. Oh, it is fantastic. It's the best thing. Like resolutions are long. A thing that passed for me, but like things I want to do bingo. That's fun That's fun. I did get a big last year. And on that was trying like experiment like like Taylor said, like trying experimenting with these kinds of products. And on two occasions this year now, you have you will have you have so far on some corner of the internet seen me wearing foundation
That's fun. I did get a big last year. And on that was trying like experiment like like Taylor said, like trying experimenting with these kinds of products. And on two occasions this year now, you have you will have you have so far on some corner of the internet seen me wearing foundation And I get it. So to and I know I'm taking that continuing this off topic conversation. I'm very passionate about it. So there are a lot of things that go into foundation. And this is something that I wish I could comprehend when I first started liking makeup
And I get it. So to and I know I'm taking that continuing this off topic conversation. I'm very passionate about it. So there are a lot of things that go into foundation. And this is something that I wish I could comprehend when I first started liking makeup And I think that is there's different coverages and different. I like to say it's different layers that you can look at of. Because skincare is so important to be able to take care and have your canvas look good and actually absorb product
And I think that is there's different coverages and different. I like to say it's different layers that you can look at of. Because skincare is so important to be able to take care and have your canvas look good and actually absorb product But then there is primer, which is literally just like this layer that says, hey, make up stick to me
But then there is primer, which is literally just like this layer that says, hey, make up stick to me And but then there's also like different types of foundation of like I'm probably going to get the totally the terms wrong, but there's like tinted moisturizer and BB cream and CC cream and full coverage foundation. And I have played with them all
And but then there's also like different types of foundation of like I'm probably going to get the totally the terms wrong, but there's like tinted moisturizer and BB cream and CC cream and full coverage foundation. And I have played with them all And I would love to learn with you guys because I like know about them, but I don't know their full terms. And I'm like, what they all are. So if we decide that we want to do a makeup stream. Just sign me up or talk offline, whatever I am there for it. That's all I got. I dig it. Cool
And I would love to learn with you guys because I like know about them, but I don't know their full terms. And I'm like, what they all are. So if we decide that we want to do a makeup stream. Just sign me up or talk offline, whatever I am there for it. That's all I got. I dig it. Cool I dig it. Cool. Well, Jen, just to catch you up on what we're talking about up until now, we were, you know, given that we are now, you know, you are you and are so kind to lend us not just your streaming powers
I dig it. Cool. Well, Jen, just to catch you up on what we're talking about up until now, we were, you know, given that we are now, you know, you are you and are so kind to lend us not just your streaming powers To be able to stream to multiple places, but also your platforms so that we can, you know, do widen open source Thursdays reach. We were just briefly reintroducing folks to what distributed does
To be able to stream to multiple places, but also your platforms so that we can, you know, do widen open source Thursdays reach. We were just briefly reintroducing folks to what distributed does And I think just when you came in, we were starting to have a look at our open source efforts mainly being this our distributed org website. Yeah. So Taylor, how do you want to take it from here? Totally
And I think just when you came in, we were starting to have a look at our open source efforts mainly being this our distributed org website. Yeah. So Taylor, how do you want to take it from here? Totally So I think that maybe we want to do a quick run through of like some of the tools that we use and then just show people how to easily get started. I feel like there's, you know, new year new folks paying attention. Right. Yeah. And so get a, you know, let's click that get podling
So I think that maybe we want to do a quick run through of like some of the tools that we use and then just show people how to easily get started. I feel like there's, you know, new year new folks paying attention. Right. Yeah. And so get a, you know, let's click that get podling Let's look at like the read me and some of the code, see maps. Let's show folks how to run our tests and run the dev server and check out storybook and things like that. And then after that segment, I wanted to do a bit of like a maintenance focused approach
Let's look at like the read me and some of the code, see maps. Let's show folks how to run our tests and run the dev server and check out storybook and things like that. And then after that segment, I wanted to do a bit of like a maintenance focused approach So maybe look at some, you know, issues that might be resolved. Right. That we need to like go close out or adjust. Yeah. And one of the things I really want to do is like we just pushed a whole bunch of code out the door. I want to maybe start building some code, see maps. Right
So maybe look at some, you know, issues that might be resolved. Right. That we need to like go close out or adjust. Yeah. And one of the things I really want to do is like we just pushed a whole bunch of code out the door. I want to maybe start building some code, see maps. Right Right. And have those aligned roughly with like different types of contributor pathways, which Jen might be implementing in the future as she builds out the dev champions program. So not not to like constrain you or anything, Jen, like take that direction. You want to take it in
Right. And have those aligned roughly with like different types of contributor pathways, which Jen might be implementing in the future as she builds out the dev champions program. So not not to like constrain you or anything, Jen, like take that direction. You want to take it in But there's some natural things like visualizations. Can we show folks if you want to make a visualization on the landing site, like where to look, how to get the data in there, you know, how to like where's the front end live, where's the example code to follow
But there's some natural things like visualizations. Can we show folks if you want to make a visualization on the landing site, like where to look, how to get the data in there, you know, how to like where's the front end live, where's the example code to follow You know, same thing with testing, same thing, you know, different different things like that, right. So I think this is a great opportunity because you mentioned Taylor, this dev champions program. I just want to, because some folks might be watching, being like, I have a what now
You know, same thing with testing, same thing, you know, different different things like that, right. So I think this is a great opportunity because you mentioned Taylor, this dev champions program. I just want to, because some folks might be watching, being like, I have a what now Just want to quickly highlight one thing, if I may, which is that there is, Jen is going to be lending us her incredible expertise in building out this way, this pathway, this, pardon me, this road map for impactful long sustaining open source contributor ship in the form of a champions program, which you'll see in lots of other companies like the Microsoft MVP, the off zero ambassador and so on and so forth
Just want to quickly highlight one thing, if I may, which is that there is, Jen is going to be lending us her incredible expertise in building out this way, this pathway, this, pardon me, this road map for impactful long sustaining open source contributor ship in the form of a champions program, which you'll see in lots of other companies like the Microsoft MVP, the off zero ambassador and so on and so forth So here is where you come in folks because the goal is to build us out in public, the goal is to make this an open source project from the very core, which I'm so excited about. So I'm just going to go ahead and very cheekily put a put a link into the chats
So here is where you come in folks because the goal is to build us out in public, the goal is to make this an open source project from the very core, which I'm so excited about. So I'm just going to go ahead and very cheekily put a put a link into the chats This is all live on GitHub with notes, ideas, all of this and folks, you're invited to participate in the creation of this program. Please, we're building this for you to make it like easier and better and, you know, to contribute to distribute it. So absolutely want that feedback
This is all live on GitHub with notes, ideas, all of this and folks, you're invited to participate in the creation of this program. Please, we're building this for you to make it like easier and better and, you know, to contribute to distribute it. So absolutely want that feedback You know, think about like, what's it going to take to get you involved and keep you involved, but also how can you benefit by going through this program? You know, everybody that works with distributed levels up their career
You know, think about like, what's it going to take to get you involved and keep you involved, but also how can you benefit by going through this program? You know, everybody that works with distributed levels up their career And I think that's like a very fair trade off we can make is a grassroots organization driven by volunteers, right? It's like, you know, use this to show off your skills, the world to learn new skills, you know, and, and to make an impact and have a great story, right
And I think that's like a very fair trade off we can make is a grassroots organization driven by volunteers, right? It's like, you know, use this to show off your skills, the world to learn new skills, you know, and, and to make an impact and have a great story, right And then take that to, you know, get the first tech job or, you know, get that promotion or get us, you know, do your first tech talk, right? Go get flown to a conference and do a speech about like, you know, the module you built out or something like that
And then take that to, you know, get the first tech job or, you know, get that promotion or get us, you know, do your first tech talk, right? Go get flown to a conference and do a speech about like, you know, the module you built out or something like that So, yeah, what's exciting, like what structure do you need, you know, to contribute over like a three month period and kind of level up through that? And what's going to be the most impactful, you know, as is our way of saying, thank you
So, yeah, what's exciting, like what structure do you need, you know, to contribute over like a three month period and kind of level up through that? And what's going to be the most impactful, you know, as is our way of saying, thank you Yeah, I mean, so much so, you know, all of this and again, it's all, it's all there for everyone to have their say. So in fact, we've got, you know, issues on, for example, naming. Hop on in, give us your give us your your your opinions. I said, we have a proposed name, but it's not final
Yeah, I mean, so much so, you know, all of this and again, it's all, it's all there for everyone to have their say. So in fact, we've got, you know, issues on, for example, naming. Hop on in, give us your give us your your your opinions. I said, we have a proposed name, but it's not final San Jose discussion, have a look at discussions, not like, for example, we've got one here, what can we learn from other championship programs? Please feel free to add others. This is where your, this is where your voice comes in folks. Like, please feel free to hop in. Exactly
San Jose discussion, have a look at discussions, not like, for example, we've got one here, what can we learn from other championship programs? Please feel free to add others. This is where your, this is where your voice comes in folks. Like, please feel free to hop in. Exactly Exactly. And feel free to type it in case you have to be like me and on mute because my dog won't stop one name. Yeah, we do pay attention to that chat, but definitely like I am so glad to have Jen's expertise here
Exactly. And feel free to type it in case you have to be like me and on mute because my dog won't stop one name. Yeah, we do pay attention to that chat, but definitely like I am so glad to have Jen's expertise here I'm not an expert like I don't know anything about these champion programs, you know, and it's going to take a collective effort. So like one thing that you could be right away is like, go look at those links in that discussion, check out the GitHub stars or the Mizzila tech speakers
I'm not an expert like I don't know anything about these champion programs, you know, and it's going to take a collective effort. So like one thing that you could be right away is like, go look at those links in that discussion, check out the GitHub stars or the Mizzila tech speakers And, you know, what do you like about those programs? Right? What looks realistic for, you know, kind of a grassroots open source project. And, you know, what's like going to cost $5,000 to put on a conference or something like that that we probably can't do
And, you know, what do you like about those programs? Right? What looks realistic for, you know, kind of a grassroots open source project. And, you know, what's like going to cost $5,000 to put on a conference or something like that that we probably can't do You know, yeah, because like for months, a lot of big companies have these and by building it out in the open, we're trying to make it easier for smaller projects open source projects to provide a structured experience for their contributors
You know, yeah, because like for months, a lot of big companies have these and by building it out in the open, we're trying to make it easier for smaller projects open source projects to provide a structured experience for their contributors And, and you know, kind of welcoming people through that. So we're not going to be able to do everything the big orgs do, but we can do the things that matter. I love that. And I think I think, yeah. Cool
And, and you know, kind of welcoming people through that. So we're not going to be able to do everything the big orgs do, but we can do the things that matter. I love that. And I think I think, yeah. Cool Cool. So we went through some of the code base, like, like, how do people start contributing her mind? Maybe we can do kind of an end to end, you know, show it off. And I do have one small fix that we can make as an example there. And before we go into that
Cool. So we went through some of the code base, like, like, how do people start contributing her mind? Maybe we can do kind of an end to end, you know, show it off. And I do have one small fix that we can make as an example there. And before we go into that And I mean, you'll be using these tools for it. But can we go in if I missed this, that could be an issue to it. I could go back of what is get pod and code see because we talk about them a lot. And I'm like, so I get it, but I don't get it. And it definitely throws me off
And I mean, you'll be using these tools for it. But can we go in if I missed this, that could be an issue to it. I could go back of what is get pod and code see because we talk about them a lot. And I'm like, so I get it, but I don't get it. And it definitely throws me off And then the other part, especially if we're going to be contributing something today is the process of creating an incomplete poll request. And that's because that one definitely threw me off quite a bit because not a lot of other companies do that
And then the other part, especially if we're going to be contributing something today is the process of creating an incomplete poll request. And that's because that one definitely threw me off quite a bit because not a lot of other companies do that So if we have beginners because a lot of like hundred devs join us for this as well as, you know, like 100 days of code, like a lot of newbies take look at this. And if other people are doing something different, it can be kind of hard to be like, yeah, I want to do that. But I'll get it
So if we have beginners because a lot of like hundred devs join us for this as well as, you know, like 100 days of code, like a lot of newbies take look at this. And if other people are doing something different, it can be kind of hard to be like, yeah, I want to do that. But I'll get it But I'll get it. And it's like, why are we doing it this way instead of the standard thing that makes a lot of sense. And maybe this is some stuff that we should like think about writing down in the read me at some point as well. I love the moment. You want to go for it
But I'll get it. And it's like, why are we doing it this way instead of the standard thing that makes a lot of sense. And maybe this is some stuff that we should like think about writing down in the read me at some point as well. I love the moment. You want to go for it No, I said, I was just going to say, I love that. I love the idea of like having a what are all these things. And then I'm going to go to the next section to our documentation. So what are the things? What are the things around what's what's good pod. Okay, cool
No, I said, I was just going to say, I love that. I love the idea of like having a what are all these things. And then I'm going to go to the next section to our documentation. So what are the things? What are the things around what's what's good pod. Okay, cool Okay, cool. So get pod get pod is our, I would say our platform of choice, especially for the streams for collaboratively coding across different machines or on the cloud, as you will. Taylor, you are in North America right now. Is that correct? I am. I am in Europe. Jenny
Okay, cool. So get pod get pod is our, I would say our platform of choice, especially for the streams for collaboratively coding across different machines or on the cloud, as you will. Taylor, you are in North America right now. Is that correct? I am. I am in Europe. Jenny Jenny. You're also in you're in the close to the closer to different parts of North America. So we're at widely different parts of the world, at least relatively
Jenny. You're also in you're in the close to the closer to different parts of North America. So we're at widely different parts of the world, at least relatively So what it lets us do is have an environment where we can, and this is the, this is a term here environment that lets us collaboratively code without needing to do complex screen sharing without needing to do complex setting up servers without needing to install something that lets you like remote access each other's computers, which just sounds like a huge security issue
So what it lets us do is have an environment where we can, and this is the, this is a term here environment that lets us collaboratively code without needing to do complex screen sharing without needing to do complex setting up servers without needing to install something that lets you like remote access each other's computers, which just sounds like a huge security issue So you don't need to, you don't need to restart your browser because Apple is forcing you to go into your system preferences to give it permission to do XYZ and it's like, well, now that you've done it, you've got to restart. Yeah, I come from a, I come from a time when Apple didn't do that
So you don't need to, you don't need to restart your browser because Apple is forcing you to go into your system preferences to give it permission to do XYZ and it's like, well, now that you've done it, you've got to restart. Yeah, I come from a, I come from a time when Apple didn't do that So quick question on that then, what about like VS code is so popular? And yes, code does have a plug in that does like live sharing
So quick question on that then, what about like VS code is so popular? And yes, code does have a plug in that does like live sharing And so, what I'm going to share that way is this bit is the big difference between like, it sounds like VS code live sharing is like doing it together at the same time, even without screen sharing where the get podlets you do it like async
And so, what I'm going to share that way is this bit is the big difference between like, it sounds like VS code live sharing is like doing it together at the same time, even without screen sharing where the get podlets you do it like async I think one reason we're going with get pod is that we don't want to assume that every one of our contributors uses VS code like on my local machine, I use sublime text, I would love to upgrade to VS code, but you know that that's going to take it afternoon to make that happen
I think one reason we're going with get pod is that we don't want to assume that every one of our contributors uses VS code like on my local machine, I use sublime text, I would love to upgrade to VS code, but you know that that's going to take it afternoon to make that happen And so what I love about get pod is like, just click the button from our read me and you do have a VS code like interface, like I feel like this is very similar. Yeah, I think it's very similar because it is VS code on the browser
And so what I love about get pod is like, just click the button from our read me and you do have a VS code like interface, like I feel like this is very similar. Yeah, I think it's very similar because it is VS code on the browser And I know I've seen people do this before I don't do this, but you can when you open up the get pod, there's an option to have it like, you know, basically do the get pod thing, but in your local VS code. Right. Yeah. I know what you mean. Sorry, carry on Taylor
And I know I've seen people do this before I don't do this, but you can when you open up the get pod, there's an option to have it like, you know, basically do the get pod thing, but in your local VS code. Right. Yeah. I know what you mean. Sorry, carry on Taylor Yeah, no, but that's a great that's a great question, Jen, and I would say like like we're just trying to put options out there. So this is like the most inclusive, easiest option, click the button, get the get pod going and you can start contributing right away
Yeah, no, but that's a great that's a great question, Jen, and I would say like like we're just trying to put options out there. So this is like the most inclusive, easiest option, click the button, get the get pod going and you can start contributing right away But you know, especially as you're building out that that champions program, I'm hoping to get a couple of people that you know kind of like are on the same track, right, who can back each other up, who can collaborate for each other, who can do reviews for each other
But you know, especially as you're building out that that champions program, I'm hoping to get a couple of people that you know kind of like are on the same track, right, who can back each other up, who can collaborate for each other, who can do reviews for each other And if they both have VS code and want to use the VS code sharing like more power to you, right. One one thing that I like about having an in this running in the cloud as well is that an entailer mentioned this kind of briefly
And if they both have VS code and want to use the VS code sharing like more power to you, right. One one thing that I like about having an in this running in the cloud as well is that an entailer mentioned this kind of briefly I don't need to worry about what NPM or what node version I'm running, what NPM I have installed. I don't need to worry about like, oh, I'm coding on free BSD. Do I need to, you know, like a different operating system that is not very commonly used
I don't need to worry about what NPM or what node version I'm running, what NPM I have installed. I don't need to worry about like, oh, I'm coding on free BSD. Do I need to, you know, like a different operating system that is not very commonly used Do I need to like, you know, get super stuck because I don't know one part of story book, which is one of our dependencies does not work on free BSD like this sort of thing. It's all
Do I need to like, you know, get super stuck because I don't know one part of story book, which is one of our dependencies does not work on free BSD like this sort of thing. It's all It's all. It's actually a very real thing I'm dealing with like we need to upgrade our node version from 16 to 18 or something in order to get the latest version of Gatsby. Right now a bunch of pull requests from the box to like update our dependencies are piling up and I can't do that
It's all. It's actually a very real thing I'm dealing with like we need to upgrade our node version from 16 to 18 or something in order to get the latest version of Gatsby. Right now a bunch of pull requests from the box to like update our dependencies are piling up and I can't do that I'm on elementary OS, which is based off of like Ubuntu 18 or something. And that version of node does not work unless you have Ubuntu 20, right
I'm on elementary OS, which is based off of like Ubuntu 18 or something. And that version of node does not work unless you have Ubuntu 20, right So like locally, I basically am looking at an OS install, you know, and like wipe in out my system backing it up and installing it in order to like bump my node version up
So like locally, I basically am looking at an OS install, you know, and like wipe in out my system backing it up and installing it in order to like bump my node version up But the nice thing is like I don't actually have to do that right I can open up get pod we can we can have it, you know, use the right operating system use the right node version. And I can so they for progress on the code. I just can't code locally in that case
But the nice thing is like I don't actually have to do that right I can open up get pod we can we can have it, you know, use the right operating system use the right node version. And I can so they for progress on the code. I just can't code locally in that case So I think it does you know getting an online environment like let's us standardize things. It gives us a chance to say like we support get high, which means we support ES code kind of standard stuff. You know, and hopefully that works on your own local environment
So I think it does you know getting an online environment like let's us standardize things. It gives us a chance to say like we support get high, which means we support ES code kind of standard stuff. You know, and hopefully that works on your own local environment If you need to set something up like that's cool, but I'm not like IT support for your computer, right. You know, but if it doesn't like it doesn't work on my local environment right now, like you can go back to this kind of standard thing, you know what I'm saying
If you need to set something up like that's cool, but I'm not like IT support for your computer, right. You know, but if it doesn't like it doesn't work on my local environment right now, like you can go back to this kind of standard thing, you know what I'm saying Yeah, that definitely makes sense. So I'm so to see that and definitely even as we're doing this and something that I think is really cool of doing this together and also like for everyone just if you're wanting to learn how to do something observing others is a great way to do that
Yeah, that definitely makes sense. So I'm so to see that and definitely even as we're doing this and something that I think is really cool of doing this together and also like for everyone just if you're wanting to learn how to do something observing others is a great way to do that I need to look this up in stream elements. I'll bug Ryan to see if he can help me with this is I was watching Theo's stream for a while and yesterday and something that he did is hill record live like his full video
I need to look this up in stream elements. I'll bug Ryan to see if he can help me with this is I was watching Theo's stream for a while and yesterday and something that he did is hill record live like his full video Like, and I'm totally digging and he would just say like some type of command that would tell him where they are. So I'm writing time codes
Like, and I'm totally digging and he would just say like some type of command that would tell him where they are. So I'm writing time codes But I'm saying this in the fact that I'm going to clip it and put it where we are in our I can link it in our read me when people want to go back and be able to understand it
But I'm saying this in the fact that I'm going to clip it and put it where we are in our I can link it in our read me when people want to go back and be able to understand it Like we can use the transcript and be able to put the video, which is really, really helpful for those who learn very differently. I did that. I did that. I'm hoping to start using loom to record more of my own contributions. Right
Like we can use the transcript and be able to put the video, which is really, really helpful for those who learn very differently. I did that. I did that. I'm hoping to start using loom to record more of my own contributions. Right Right. And then and then have those videos available as an example, like because I'm usually working on like new stuff, right. Setting things up for like the next wave of development. And I'll create like the first example like hey, we have one visualization right now
Right. And then and then have those videos available as an example, like because I'm usually working on like new stuff, right. Setting things up for like the next wave of development. And I'll create like the first example like hey, we have one visualization right now We can have 20 visualizations. I don't want to build them all, but like here's how I built the one. Right. And then you get you have examples in the code. You have a code, say map highlighting the relevant files and folders
We can have 20 visualizations. I don't want to build them all, but like here's how I built the one. Right. And then you get you have examples in the code. You have a code, say map highlighting the relevant files and folders And you know, you have that video that you can like use to kind of get you started. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. I really want to emphasize what it is that Taylor said there, which is this notion of having options as developers
And you know, you have that video that you can like use to kind of get you started. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. I really want to emphasize what it is that Taylor said there, which is this notion of having options as developers I think I think if we shoehorn everything into the same into the same way of doing things, we overlook people who have different setups, people have different situations. And the homogeneity is that the right word of the browser. I find is I'm not going to say homogeneity. I'm sorry
I think I think if we shoehorn everything into the same into the same way of doing things, we overlook people who have different setups, people have different situations. And the homogeneity is that the right word of the browser. I find is I'm not going to say homogeneity. I'm sorry I'm sorry. The fact that the browser is pretty much the same everywhere, pretty much the same everywhere you go is really, really handy for creating these streamlined experiences where you could be like, look, you can clone it if you want. You can do all your get stuff
I'm sorry. The fact that the browser is pretty much the same everywhere, pretty much the same everywhere you go is really, really handy for creating these streamlined experiences where you could be like, look, you can clone it if you want. You can do all your get stuff You can do all of your ampium or if you want just open this up. The added benefits it has is that we can tell you we can tell you, hey, instead of messing around with, you know, yarn and installing yarn install like why not tell get pod. This is a features of theirs that I really like
You can do all of your ampium or if you want just open this up. The added benefits it has is that we can tell you we can tell you, hey, instead of messing around with, you know, yarn and installing yarn install like why not tell get pod. This is a features of theirs that I really like Why not tell get pod light. Hey, when you open, do all those things that you usually have someone do when they start up install yarn install some N P X stuff and then just start it up
Why not tell get pod light. Hey, when you open, do all those things that you usually have someone do when they start up install yarn install some N P X stuff and then just start it up Same goes for storybook why not set up storybook why not open the browser right away, since you're going to be working with that browser and I find those parts
Same goes for storybook why not set up storybook why not open the browser right away, since you're going to be working with that browser and I find those parts This there's a there's this sort of a femoral feel that I that I find is coming to the to software development that I find really compelling, which is just like instead of having an environment that you kind of like lug around with you like a heavy suitcase
This there's a there's this sort of a femoral feel that I that I find is coming to the to software development that I find really compelling, which is just like instead of having an environment that you kind of like lug around with you like a heavy suitcase Why not just have a thing that you just like open up pop in do the things you need to go and then pop back out because we're human beings were busy. We're jumping around projects. And I find that really compelling about a tool like this
Why not just have a thing that you just like open up pop in do the things you need to go and then pop back out because we're human beings were busy. We're jumping around projects. And I find that really compelling about a tool like this It definitely goes back to options that right because there are people that maybe don't have the best internet connection who should still be a little contribute to DA
It definitely goes back to options that right because there are people that maybe don't have the best internet connection who should still be a little contribute to DA It's better for them to download everything at once, you know, work offline and then and then like re upload it or something like that. So I think that the flexibility
It's better for them to download everything at once, you know, work offline and then and then like re upload it or something like that. So I think that the flexibility I also want to caution folks you're not going to get away from running the commands on on get but it is a really nice way to get you started and get you in the zone right
I also want to caution folks you're not going to get away from running the commands on on get but it is a really nice way to get you started and get you in the zone right But if you change your branch and there's new dependencies installed on the branch you're working on like yeah you'll have to kill the server run yarn install and rebuild the server and that's fine right
But if you change your branch and there's new dependencies installed on the branch you're working on like yeah you'll have to kill the server run yarn install and rebuild the server and that's fine right But in terms of just a jumping off point this has been the easiest way and the collaboration features are really cool. Although I did not realize that the s code had similar stuff so thanks for pointing that out. Cool
But in terms of just a jumping off point this has been the easiest way and the collaboration features are really cool. Although I did not realize that the s code had similar stuff so thanks for pointing that out. Cool So should we show folks from like like I know that it's nice that that get pod does a lot of this for us but do we actually want to like kill the server and kind of show them the commands we use to you know do the installs clean out the cash build it just kind of run through like what do those normal kind of dev process look like
So should we show folks from like like I know that it's nice that that get pod does a lot of this for us but do we actually want to like kill the server and kind of show them the commands we use to you know do the installs clean out the cash build it just kind of run through like what do those normal kind of dev process look like Yes also may I put it out there Jen would you like to drive. Actually no thank you
Yes also may I put it out there Jen would you like to drive. Actually no thank you I say that because being able to actually take notes and where things are to reference back to it is not I could say a luxury that I normally have yeah that being said and also I'm in charge of the dog right now and this is why you're seeing me go off camera is she's going bananas randomly
I say that because being able to actually take notes and where things are to reference back to it is not I could say a luxury that I normally have yeah that being said and also I'm in charge of the dog right now and this is why you're seeing me go off camera is she's going bananas randomly And I don't want to be able to take away from that but I do appreciate it and I will call dibs on the next. Yeah totally listen just to just to be super clear not putting on the spot more like I don't want to call all the fun
And I don't want to be able to take away from that but I do appreciate it and I will call dibs on the next. Yeah totally listen just to just to be super clear not putting on the spot more like I don't want to call all the fun Oh no I actually and this is something that I was thinking when you came on the stream on Monday is I love that you were running stuff I was just like. Yeah I was showing Jen and Laura how to use OBS open broadcast and yeah I just kind of took that and ran with it
Oh no I actually and this is something that I was thinking when you came on the stream on Monday is I love that you were running stuff I was just like. Yeah I was showing Jen and Laura how to use OBS open broadcast and yeah I just kind of took that and ran with it And I appreciated it it's something I really really appreciate of you. It was good fun awesome okay well let's let's let's do what would they tailor recommended. So we've got you'll see here some running. Terminals so Taylor you were saying get podcast to note this can be shut down
And I appreciated it it's something I really really appreciate of you. It was good fun awesome okay well let's let's let's do what would they tailor recommended. So we've got you'll see here some running. Terminals so Taylor you were saying get podcast to note this can be shut down That's where the service running let's go shut down storybook let's just shut it all down and show people from scratch if you're checking this out locally or sometimes like it. Pod does you know one of the commands times out or something when it's doing it set up so you need to do this to
That's where the service running let's go shut down storybook let's just shut it all down and show people from scratch if you're checking this out locally or sometimes like it. Pod does you know one of the commands times out or something when it's doing it set up so you need to do this to So the first thing that we're going to do to reset our dev environment here alone is we want to do a yarn install right if you change branches you know things like that always get to just run on yarn install make sure you have the latest. Yeah fabulous let's do that then so we will do
So the first thing that we're going to do to reset our dev environment here alone is we want to do a yarn install right if you change branches you know things like that always get to just run on yarn install make sure you have the latest. Yeah fabulous let's do that then so we will do You said yarn install and most of these commands are documented in our read me you can also look for them at the end of our package. Json let's let's let's look at the read me says yeah so we've done yarn or yarn install what's the difference between yarn and yarn install
You said yarn install and most of these commands are documented in our read me you can also look for them at the end of our package. Json let's let's let's look at the read me says yeah so we've done yarn or yarn install what's the difference between yarn and yarn install I feel like it might just be a shortcut honestly I'm not sure what happens when you just run the yarn by itself
I feel like it might just be a shortcut honestly I'm not sure what happens when you just run the yarn by itself I think it is as well good to know okay so got yarn and then run the dev server with yarn dev right but what we're going to want to do here since we've already ran the dev server like let's again you're changing branches or something go ahead and throw a yarn clean in there right
I think it is as well good to know okay so got yarn and then run the dev server with yarn dev right but what we're going to want to do here since we've already ran the dev server like let's again you're changing branches or something go ahead and throw a yarn clean in there right So that will clear out gots be cash usually it's fine to have that cash if you're just kind of doing iterative development on the same branch but sometimes if you're working at the get's be layer and changing how the data is formatted or if you're changing branches or something like that you're going to want to clean that cash out and rebuild it
So that will clear out gots be cash usually it's fine to have that cash if you're just kind of doing iterative development on the same branch but sometimes if you're working at the get's be layer and changing how the data is formatted or if you're changing branches or something like that you're going to want to clean that cash out and rebuild it So that you you have the latest and greatest I've definitely had some highs and bugs pop up and I'm like why isn't this working or why is it giving you the old data it's like well is because it was cashed and you know got to be didn't update that cash so a yarn clean as is you know great trouble shooting step there if you're like why is stuff not showing up the way I expected to
So that you you have the latest and greatest I've definitely had some highs and bugs pop up and I'm like why isn't this working or why is it giving you the old data it's like well is because it was cashed and you know got to be didn't update that cash so a yarn clean as is you know great trouble shooting step there if you're like why is stuff not showing up the way I expected to And now we can run that that yarn dev remain definitely perfect. So what's going on now Taylor. So what it's going to do is compile everything then gots be is going to source the data so we have data that's included in the repo itself we use forestry which is our content management
And now we can run that that yarn dev remain definitely perfect. So what's going on now Taylor. So what it's going to do is compile everything then gots be is going to source the data so we have data that's included in the repo itself we use forestry which is our content management So we have a system that commits directly to get so there's a content folder with a bunch of markdown files in there we also pull in data from external API is like our needs assessment surveys we have a database on a server there and we we can pull data from that so this is kind of like sourcing all the data running the data transformations and building the gatsby graph QL API is that first bit once that's built out it's going to build our bundle right
So we have a system that commits directly to get so there's a content folder with a bunch of markdown files in there we also pull in data from external API is like our needs assessment surveys we have a database on a server there and we we can pull data from that so this is kind of like sourcing all the data running the data transformations and building the gatsby graph QL API is that first bit once that's built out it's going to build our bundle right So this is the static site that it generates to serve you know either in production or in your local browser so basically takes that gets the API you know and that's what powers are react side right it plugs in all of that data into these react components pre builds everything and then you just have a static site that is served them
So this is the static site that it generates to serve you know either in production or in your local browser so basically takes that gets the API you know and that's what powers are react side right it plugs in all of that data into these react components pre builds everything and then you just have a static site that is served them Great and I can see it's still so it's still building right
Great and I can see it's still so it's still building right Yep, the dev bundles a little bit slow but this will update so as you're making changes and stuff especially in the front end if you're making front end stuff it'll auto update if you're changing the gatsby kind of data layer changing the structure of that graph QL API things like that you're going to need to kill the server and restart it yeah
Yep, the dev bundles a little bit slow but this will update so as you're making changes and stuff especially in the front end if you're making front end stuff it'll auto update if you're changing the gatsby kind of data layer changing the structure of that graph QL API things like that you're going to need to kill the server and restart it yeah Good to know good to know. Thank you how well what happened. Yeah, yeah, so so let's go take a look at what's available in the browser we have two main views that the server offers us the first one is just the you know the dev website itself and the second one is the graph QL explorer
Good to know good to know. Thank you how well what happened. Yeah, yeah, so so let's go take a look at what's available in the browser we have two main views that the server offers us the first one is just the you know the dev website itself and the second one is the graph QL explorer Cool which which one do we want to open when we're developing. Both of them probably okay so so we can open that first one there that'll be like the front ends that you see right
Cool which which one do we want to open when we're developing. Both of them probably okay so so we can open that first one there that'll be like the front ends that you see right I'd love to offer a caveat if I may if you're developing in in in get pod and you try to open up local host like this as it says. About it's going to give us an error saying that local host refused to connect so what's going on
I'd love to offer a caveat if I may if you're developing in in in get pod and you try to open up local host like this as it says. About it's going to give us an error saying that local host refused to connect so what's going on Here and here's a caveat of using a tool like get pod get pod is running on the cloud. Meaning that it doesn't know nor have access to local host 8000 which is usually an address reserved locally on your computer hence the name local host
Here and here's a caveat of using a tool like get pod get pod is running on the cloud. Meaning that it doesn't know nor have access to local host 8000 which is usually an address reserved locally on your computer hence the name local host So if you want to open this I would recommend this is something that you can do in BS code as well is if you see a URL or a link like this you can hold down command or control and click on it
So if you want to open this I would recommend this is something that you can do in BS code as well is if you see a URL or a link like this you can hold down command or control and click on it Now what that's going to do is open up and you're going to you can't quite see it because it's or I hope the fun size isn't terribly small here. But you'll see it made an automatic URL with 8000 at the beginning for this specific get pod instance meaning that
Now what that's going to do is open up and you're going to you can't quite see it because it's or I hope the fun size isn't terribly small here. But you'll see it made an automatic URL with 8000 at the beginning for this specific get pod instance meaning that We now have access to be able to run the sir look at the front end as Taylor described running on the cloud and and here's what's cool because it is a public link right. It means I can go ahead and paste it in the chat I'm going to do that now
We now have access to be able to run the sir look at the front end as Taylor described running on the cloud and and here's what's cool because it is a public link right. It means I can go ahead and paste it in the chat I'm going to do that now I just pasted that link into the chat now if you're watching this live you can go ahead and open it. I hope I think let me confirm that I don't want to be spreading wrong information I think it should. I'm not so sure if anybody's watching and can confirm that would be amazing thank you
I just pasted that link into the chat now if you're watching this live you can go ahead and open it. I hope I think let me confirm that I don't want to be spreading wrong information I think it should. I'm not so sure if anybody's watching and can confirm that would be amazing thank you This page is not working. That's because it's not open to the public I apologize if I were to share. So sharing this workspace with others also means sharing access to your repository everybody with access to the workspace you share can commit in your name
This page is not working. That's because it's not open to the public I apologize if I were to share. So sharing this workspace with others also means sharing access to your repository everybody with access to the workspace you share can commit in your name So if I were to share this with all of you you would be able to do that. The reason I'm not going to share it now is because I just don't want you all you know helping on our on our instance and like making because it's just tied to my GitHub
So if I were to share this with all of you you would be able to do that. The reason I'm not going to share it now is because I just don't want you all you know helping on our on our instance and like making because it's just tied to my GitHub So you could make bogus commits not that I won't don't trust you just making sure we're all on the safe side I think that's fair right Taylor
So you could make bogus commits not that I won't don't trust you just making sure we're all on the safe side I think that's fair right Taylor Absolutely you know but it's cool that you can share this like with people you're collaborating with or what I find is really good for like working with non technical contributors right because we're often building things you know like for the people running the needs assessment or for people running logistics right is is I can spin up a get pod instance and do some real time collaboration where I share that front end URL with them right and so it's like hey let me go make a change refresh the page and then take a look at that
Absolutely you know but it's cool that you can share this like with people you're collaborating with or what I find is really good for like working with non technical contributors right because we're often building things you know like for the people running the needs assessment or for people running logistics right is is I can spin up a get pod instance and do some real time collaboration where I share that front end URL with them right and so it's like hey let me go make a change refresh the page and then take a look at that So so that can be cool as well. Exactly. Cool so we've got that running now what do I do next Taylor. Yep so let's open up the the second link there the graph QL Explorer
So so that can be cool as well. Exactly. Cool so we've got that running now what do I do next Taylor. Yep so let's open up the the second link there the graph QL Explorer So this is really handy when you're both doing kind of like the I'm going to call it the middle lens right when you're working on sourcing data and get to your transforming that data and you want to make sure that you know the data is coming out okay like obviously you can write tests and stuff and we do encourage that
So this is really handy when you're both doing kind of like the I'm going to call it the middle lens right when you're working on sourcing data and get to your transforming that data and you want to make sure that you know the data is coming out okay like obviously you can write tests and stuff and we do encourage that But while you're hacking it together exploring the graph QL data here can be quite handy or figuring out you know what how to structure that and then of course for the the front ends when you're trying to build the page queries to get the data that the page needs
But while you're hacking it together exploring the graph QL data here can be quite handy or figuring out you know what how to structure that and then of course for the the front ends when you're trying to build the page queries to get the data that the page needs This is a really good kind of way to do it so for example remind let's say we're working on the region pages do you want to like click through and just source some data. You know from all DA region there and kind of use that to to explore you know our region data
This is a really good kind of way to do it so for example remind let's say we're working on the region pages do you want to like click through and just source some data. You know from all DA region there and kind of use that to to explore you know our region data So here you have different commands and stuff like you can filter you can group what we usually do is if you click on nodes there that will be the actual data so if you're just exploring argument clicking on something then clicking on nodes. There we go yeah
So here you have different commands and stuff like you can filter you can group what we usually do is if you click on nodes there that will be the actual data so if you're just exploring argument clicking on something then clicking on nodes. There we go yeah There we go yeah. There we go and now this is like you know what is a region kind of data object look like so we might want like the slug and the name
There we go yeah. There we go and now this is like you know what is a region kind of data object look like so we might want like the slug and the name You know you probably skip a lot of the text happy stuff but you can see that we also have this hooked up to sub regions so because those are linked we can we can get a region and it's sub region so for a moment you select slug and name for both region and sub regions and this would be an example of a query that you'd want
You know you probably skip a lot of the text happy stuff but you can see that we also have this hooked up to sub regions so because those are linked we can we can get a region and it's sub region so for a moment you select slug and name for both region and sub regions and this would be an example of a query that you'd want You know for something like for something like a menu if you wanted to build a menu you know static menu that just lists the region and the sub regions right this would be an example here and you can get all that through graph QL so if you're new contributors I highly recommend exploring the data in this graph QL tool
You know for something like for something like a menu if you wanted to build a menu you know static menu that just lists the region and the sub regions right this would be an example here and you can get all that through graph QL so if you're new contributors I highly recommend exploring the data in this graph QL tool You know and the best way to do that is through you know clicking on on one of those data objects and then clicking on nodes right and if you hit run remote we'll see our regions and sub regions pop up there we go. I have a question Taylor
You know and the best way to do that is through you know clicking on on one of those data objects and then clicking on nodes right and if you hit run remote we'll see our regions and sub regions pop up there we go. I have a question Taylor For those that are watching and perhaps not familiar with this graph because you mentioned graph QL and a query what is graph QL
For those that are watching and perhaps not familiar with this graph because you mentioned graph QL and a query what is graph QL You want to take this one you get real excited no I was just like this is such a good question I'm not great at explaining graph QL but I'm excited to hear you explain it
You want to take this one you get real excited no I was just like this is such a good question I'm not great at explaining graph QL but I'm excited to hear you explain it So graph QL is like I might be mixing up some of the technical terms here so feel free to jump in but essentially it is a graph database so I'm sure folks are familiar with relational databases like my sequel or post grace where you have tables you know which kind of model your data in a structured repeatable way and then you can link those tables together and you can do joins to pull multiple data sets graph databases are nodes and arrows right so here we have a region node in our query and then we have arrows connecting that region node to the sub regions that means that when we say hey give us all of the regions and their sub regions it creates this nested kind of Jason structure is a result where it's like here's an array of all of the regions and then inside of those region objects here are their sub regions but it's very flexible and powerful we can basically pull data you know using this kind of like graph driven relationship modeling so we could just pull the sub regions we can also pull hey give me a sub region and what's its region right and I really like it for complex kind of data modeling spaces like the ones we have at distribute aid where there are lots of links between things it's a much more natural way to say like I want to do it
So graph QL is like I might be mixing up some of the technical terms here so feel free to jump in but essentially it is a graph database so I'm sure folks are familiar with relational databases like my sequel or post grace where you have tables you know which kind of model your data in a structured repeatable way and then you can link those tables together and you can do joins to pull multiple data sets graph databases are nodes and arrows right so here we have a region node in our query and then we have arrows connecting that region node to the sub regions that means that when we say hey give us all of the regions and their sub regions it creates this nested kind of Jason structure is a result where it's like here's an array of all of the regions and then inside of those region objects here are their sub regions but it's very flexible and powerful we can basically pull data you know using this kind of like graph driven relationship modeling so we could just pull the sub regions we can also pull hey give me a sub region and what's its region right and I really like it for complex kind of data modeling spaces like the ones we have at distribute aid where there are lots of links between things it's a much more natural way to say like I want to do it I want this data and then I want this other data right rather than than trying to you know do that through all these joins so in one query we could get you know here's like a region and everything associated with the region you'll see this on a very large page queries were like hey what's the region what are its sub regions what are the needs for that region you know and so we can create the total you know current needs you know things like that which like if I were to write that in you know like a relational database like that might be one massive join or or more likely a series of different database calls where I have to get the region and use the region I do you get all the sub regions and get all the needs data you know and then stitch it together so here it kind of does that stitching based on those relationships for us and we just get one large data response formatted in the way that we structure the query
I want this data and then I want this other data right rather than than trying to you know do that through all these joins so in one query we could get you know here's like a region and everything associated with the region you'll see this on a very large page queries were like hey what's the region what are its sub regions what are the needs for that region you know and so we can create the total you know current needs you know things like that which like if I were to write that in you know like a relational database like that might be one massive join or or more likely a series of different database calls where I have to get the region and use the region I do you get all the sub regions and get all the needs data you know and then stitch it together so here it kind of does that stitching based on those relationships for us and we just get one large data response formatted in the way that we structure the query Is that cover at remote I feel like I might have left some some bits out there but that's I think it's a good introduction and like just add to what Taylor said this what I like about this graph IQ which is graph QL with that little I for interactive is that it lets us mess around with it without fear of breaking everything so that's the key here the key part here is query when you're asking for something you're not modifying anything you're just querying
Is that cover at remote I feel like I might have left some some bits out there but that's I think it's a good introduction and like just add to what Taylor said this what I like about this graph IQ which is graph QL with that little I for interactive is that it lets us mess around with it without fear of breaking everything so that's the key here the key part here is query when you're asking for something you're not modifying anything you're just querying That's not the whole picture but I think in this context of like trying to get that data I find it really really handy and so what we've done here for example is query the entire graph of regions and their sub regions
That's not the whole picture but I think in this context of like trying to get that data I find it really really handy and so what we've done here for example is query the entire graph of regions and their sub regions Which by the way in case you're curious I'm just going to take us to the website real quick is what you see is the data that we have here the regions we support at distributed in case you know you're not fully familiar with distributed they provide support to these regions
Which by the way in case you're curious I'm just going to take us to the website real quick is what you see is the data that we have here the regions we support at distributed in case you know you're not fully familiar with distributed they provide support to these regions And then each of those regions you'll see here the Balkans region is made up of Serbia and Bosnia as sub regions Lebanon they root beck of alley
And then each of those regions you'll see here the Balkans region is made up of Serbia and Bosnia as sub regions Lebanon they root beck of alley Greece is made up of each and islands southern Greece northern Greece as sub regions how's that how am I doing yeah there's actually and there you go and so like what we're doing here is querying that data and mess around so these are like the two tools that you'll be working with when you're developing for the distributed website
Greece is made up of each and islands southern Greece northern Greece as sub regions how's that how am I doing yeah there's actually and there you go and so like what we're doing here is querying that data and mess around so these are like the two tools that you'll be working with when you're developing for the distributed website Absolutely
Absolutely So I want to go back to get pod now Ramon and I want to show folks you know especially if like this the first time you're checking out the code days I'd recommend doing a few things to get familiar with our commands and kind of investigate so one of those is not everything has tests but we are starting to work tests and more and more to new development and could certainly use some help going to write tests for the kind of data
So I want to go back to get pod now Ramon and I want to show folks you know especially if like this the first time you're checking out the code days I'd recommend doing a few things to get familiar with our commands and kind of investigate so one of those is not everything has tests but we are starting to work tests and more and more to new development and could certainly use some help going to write tests for the kind of data Kind of early hack it together stuff but should we should we run through our different types of tests here amongst the people can see those commands. Absolutely. So what do I do
Kind of early hack it together stuff but should we should we run through our different types of tests here amongst the people can see those commands. Absolutely. So what do I do So what do I do. Right so so leave the depth server running let's go to I want to be different terminals there and we can go look at the read me again there should be something farther down
So what do I do. Right so so leave the depth server running let's go to I want to be different terminals there and we can go look at the read me again there should be something farther down There we go you see like yarn clean documented here is our different types of tests so one of them is code formatting right we want our code to be consistently formatted so that it's readable and understandable and like we don't have different personal styles you know kind of like conflicting with each other
There we go you see like yarn clean documented here is our different types of tests so one of them is code formatting right we want our code to be consistently formatted so that it's readable and understandable and like we don't have different personal styles you know kind of like conflicting with each other This is almost automatic right if you use like a printify or something like that in your BS code it will automatically update it as you're working on the code but we use a pre commit hook to automatically purify our code if you happen to write messy code like I do and want to kind of clean it up while you're working on it though you can run yarn pretty and that will do a purification pass you know through your kind of in progress stuff
This is almost automatic right if you use like a printify or something like that in your BS code it will automatically update it as you're working on the code but we use a pre commit hook to automatically purify our code if you happen to write messy code like I do and want to kind of clean it up while you're working on it though you can run yarn pretty and that will do a purification pass you know through your kind of in progress stuff So she'll run you on pretty rapid as a side note just because we're using one screen to share right now and i'm saying this because when I was watching streamers I'd be like oh well they do it in one in one screen so I should do it in one screen and have the time it's so much easier for me to have them side by side to remember the things I need to do and have multiple screens
So she'll run you on pretty rapid as a side note just because we're using one screen to share right now and i'm saying this because when I was watching streamers I'd be like oh well they do it in one in one screen so I should do it in one screen and have the time it's so much easier for me to have them side by side to remember the things I need to do and have multiple screens So just saying that for people like me that are like oh yeah that is a notion. So good. Are you saying like the terminal and the editor there or what what
So just saying that for people like me that are like oh yeah that is a notion. So good. Are you saying like the terminal and the editor there or what what Well I would say you can do it with the terminal the editor but I mostly meant like having the read knees separate because then you know what to go back through and check and being able to do them side by side instead of constantly having to go back and forth
Well I would say you can do it with the terminal the editor but I mostly meant like having the read knees separate because then you know what to go back through and check and being able to do them side by side instead of constantly having to go back and forth Because the back and forth really causes me to forget to do things. Yeah that makes a lot of sense
Because the back and forth really causes me to forget to do things. Yeah that makes a lot of sense I think that just kind of highlights that diversity you know like diversity of approaches point remote most making earlier to is like everywhere you we got to provide a base layer that works like like has one happy path that we like guaranteed support for like this get hot but make it easy for people to you know adapt that workflow to their own
I think that just kind of highlights that diversity you know like diversity of approaches point remote most making earlier to is like everywhere you we got to provide a base layer that works like like has one happy path that we like guaranteed support for like this get hot but make it easy for people to you know adapt that workflow to their own And you know like just jump in and do it your way and that's you know we appreciate the contribution. Yeah you want to run yarn pretty remote let's do it. There we go so we don't have any changes right now it's pretty fast exactly and it'll run every time you make it commit
And you know like just jump in and do it your way and that's you know we appreciate the contribution. Yeah you want to run yarn pretty remote let's do it. There we go so we don't have any changes right now it's pretty fast exactly and it'll run every time you make it commit So I think it there's some like edge cases with yarn pretty where like if you have a partially staged file like you're trying to in a single file there's some changes you're trying to commit and not others
So I think it there's some like edge cases with yarn pretty where like if you have a partially staged file like you're trying to in a single file there's some changes you're trying to commit and not others Then it doesn't know what to do right and so the thing to do in that case it feels like hey my commit fail because of yarn pretty just reset everything to head so your stages or your changes aren't staged
Then it doesn't know what to do right and so the thing to do in that case it feels like hey my commit fail because of yarn pretty just reset everything to head so your stages or your changes aren't staged So you do the yarn pretty there and then and then kind of read the changes that you do want to commit including that partially changed file and make your commit and it should pass because there's no changes to make
So you do the yarn pretty there and then and then kind of read the changes that you do want to commit including that partially changed file and make your commit and it should pass because there's no changes to make So just want to throw that out there if you do complex get commit stuff like in the remote likes to do. All right on the test should we run our unit test remote. Yeah do we want to do you want to tell us a little bit about unit tests and what they aren't
So just want to throw that out there if you do complex get commit stuff like in the remote likes to do. All right on the test should we run our unit test remote. Yeah do we want to do you want to tell us a little bit about unit tests and what they aren't Totally so unit test there's a couple of different types of unit test there's more of like you know the pure function testing that something you'll see in the Gatsby directory where we're kind of just saying hey data and does the function transform it so you know the right data out
Totally so unit test there's a couple of different types of unit test there's more of like you know the pure function testing that something you'll see in the Gatsby directory where we're kind of just saying hey data and does the function transform it so you know the right data out We also have unit tests at the UI level where we want to render react components and then and then kind of like make sure that certain properties of that rendered component exists so for example when we are testing images we want to make sure that we can take that kind of blob of rendered HTML and find a specific alt text in there as a representation that like the images available on the screen
We also have unit tests at the UI level where we want to render react components and then and then kind of like make sure that certain properties of that rendered component exists so for example when we are testing images we want to make sure that we can take that kind of blob of rendered HTML and find a specific alt text in there as a representation that like the images available on the screen But also that the image has alt text for accessibility purposes right so there's kind of the the pure function testing you know there's the kind of component level unit tests that check the properties of that component make sure it's working fine. That's what our unit testing does
But also that the image has alt text for accessibility purposes right so there's kind of the the pure function testing you know there's the kind of component level unit tests that check the properties of that component make sure it's working fine. That's what our unit testing does Yeah we can also do some cool stuff so I believe we're using just Ramon and so if people like look into the just commands you can you can add stuff there like I think if you do yarn test dash dash coverage that'll give us some code coverage stats as well so we can maybe identify where some of the the holes are
Yeah we can also do some cool stuff so I believe we're using just Ramon and so if people like look into the just commands you can you can add stuff there like I think if you do yarn test dash dash coverage that'll give us some code coverage stats as well so we can maybe identify where some of the the holes are This might be my feature request of the of the stream for code see code see if you're listening how cool would it be to take something like you know code coverage right at the file by file level and then automatically apply that to a code see map so you can see like where your tests are where your tests aren't use that to plan future future testing work
This might be my feature request of the of the stream for code see code see if you're listening how cool would it be to take something like you know code coverage right at the file by file level and then automatically apply that to a code see map so you can see like where your tests are where your tests aren't use that to plan future future testing work That's awesome yeah I like that idea a lot and code okay there's a lot of there's a lot of things I dig that we're going like all the way down like what are all our things what is let's start with what is just. I'm
That's awesome yeah I like that idea a lot and code okay there's a lot of there's a lot of things I dig that we're going like all the way down like what are all our things what is let's start with what is just. I'm I'm. Is that the clown in a court during the video era oh sorry I meant the tool just no no I like I like the so is it a gesture a Joker like what what are they. Yeah but now I'm not going to claim to be an expert here. This oh puppert very in lane doggy what are you
I'm. Is that the clown in a court during the video era oh sorry I meant the tool just no no I like I like the so is it a gesture a Joker like what what are they. Yeah but now I'm not going to claim to be an expert here. This oh puppert very in lane doggy what are you Not happy because I'm making her sit here with me but she will not stop whining and well well and Tyler's working in the other room he's working from home today so I am going banana so all just hold her here it's a lot of. I mean what's her name
Not happy because I'm making her sit here with me but she will not stop whining and well well and Tyler's working in the other room he's working from home today so I am going banana so all just hold her here it's a lot of. I mean what's her name You know do you want to learn about soft like testing today do you. I mean all right she has gained weight though like I've been picked her up in a while and I'm like do you definitely have. I just we used to have to feed her her pills with marshmallows so that is also partially our fault
You know do you want to learn about soft like testing today do you. I mean all right she has gained weight though like I've been picked her up in a while and I'm like do you definitely have. I just we used to have to feed her her pills with marshmallows so that is also partially our fault I mean honestly Jen it's on you she you're there with her and you're not paying all the attention to her like I'm sorry right it is it is. Can you can you focus up the street no okay I'll put you down while I'm
I mean honestly Jen it's on you she you're there with her and you're not paying all the attention to her like I'm sorry right it is it is. Can you can you focus up the street no okay I'll put you down while I'm Let's see if she calms down now I don't think so but we'll try please continue with just. So do you want to get her mom I'll give it a try. I mean and I'm going to try and not go not to go back too many steps and go like what are tests I'll give it a short I'll go to short try
Let's see if she calms down now I don't think so but we'll try please continue with just. So do you want to get her mom I'll give it a try. I mean and I'm going to try and not go not to go back too many steps and go like what are tests I'll give it a short I'll go to short try Test our code that we write to make sure that our the code that we the other code we write is valid and functional. And we found there's super important on open source projects like this like in the early days or just a handful of us like it was fine
Test our code that we write to make sure that our the code that we the other code we write is valid and functional. And we found there's super important on open source projects like this like in the early days or just a handful of us like it was fine We probably didn't need tests we weren't going to step on each other's toes but now that more parts of the site are more integrated and we have a lot more contributors
We probably didn't need tests we weren't going to step on each other's toes but now that more parts of the site are more integrated and we have a lot more contributors So the goal our unit testing strategy our testing strategy in general here is to like guarantees certain properties exist and prevent regressions right so like hey this function does these things well and I've written test to verify that
So the goal our unit testing strategy our testing strategy in general here is to like guarantees certain properties exist and prevent regressions right so like hey this function does these things well and I've written test to verify that And I'm going to make sure that no one can accidentally break it if they're changing code in a different part that this depends on right so for example
And I'm going to make sure that no one can accidentally break it if they're changing code in a different part that this depends on right so for example By having a lot of front-end tests that makes it safe for me to go in and modify how the Gatsby data transformation later works let's say needed to add some stuff to a region right that should be very safe that shouldn't affect any other code that relies on the region data you know and that should be pretty easy but I can verify that by running the test now maybe right you can also use test to discover where you do need to do further work
By having a lot of front-end tests that makes it safe for me to go in and modify how the Gatsby data transformation later works let's say needed to add some stuff to a region right that should be very safe that shouldn't affect any other code that relies on the region data you know and that should be pretty easy but I can verify that by running the test now maybe right you can also use test to discover where you do need to do further work Maybe I want to change the name of one of the region you know data fields right like rename it that is going to be something that breaks other code but I don't know all the code in the code base that relies on this specific field so what I can do is I can make that change and then run the tests right and find out like where did this mess something up and go fix it up there
Maybe I want to change the name of one of the region you know data fields right like rename it that is going to be something that breaks other code but I don't know all the code in the code base that relies on this specific field so what I can do is I can make that change and then run the tests right and find out like where did this mess something up and go fix it up there There are other ways to approach that problem like you could do you know like a find you know replace or something like that you can kind of look for where that name is used in the code base
There are other ways to approach that problem like you could do you know like a find you know replace or something like that you can kind of look for where that name is used in the code base I feel like tests like they prevent regressions they prevent you which makes it safe to make forward progress right like you don't have to be afraid you can accidentally break something because you'll just find out if you do or not right
I feel like tests like they prevent regressions they prevent you which makes it safe to make forward progress right like you don't have to be afraid you can accidentally break something because you'll just find out if you do or not right And they can be used to game insights into the code base they also serve a really good code like how to use code documentation function right because test they're like exercise things at the functional level so if you're like hey how do I use this function what data is required at a basic level to run it you know that's what test is they set up some artificial data they run it through the function they verify the results and that's an example
And they can be used to game insights into the code base they also serve a really good code like how to use code documentation function right because test they're like exercise things at the functional level so if you're like hey how do I use this function what data is required at a basic level to run it you know that's what test is they set up some artificial data they run it through the function they verify the results and that's an example Inflmentation you know you often don't have a stable API or kind of like you know function call system until you have two or three implementations and so we get to now we get one through the tests and to make sure that that makes sense there and we get one through actually using the code on the landing site to make sure it makes sense there right
Inflmentation you know you often don't have a stable API or kind of like you know function call system until you have two or three implementations and so we get to now we get one through the tests and to make sure that that makes sense there and we get one through actually using the code on the landing site to make sure it makes sense there right They both work then that's like probably a fairly stable API if you're having problems getting the code to work on one of those tasks maybe you need to do some re-backed right you need to make it easier you need to break things down more function might be too big or doing too much or something so yeah
They both work then that's like probably a fairly stable API if you're having problems getting the code to work on one of those tasks maybe you need to do some re-backed right you need to make it easier you need to break things down more function might be too big or doing too much or something so yeah Thank you Taylor I think this was really helpful also because I mean test in by nature you big what is across our present in a lot of programming environments they're just called different things across different software stacks so far for JavaScript you're for example or for TypeScript you're going to find just quite often awesome okay so we've run our tests and we run half of the tests so we have the end to end test as well okay do we want to cover with those are real quick while we these run yeah yeah you can run it let me talk about it so so shout out to Marcus who introduced and to and test here Marcus this is a very high level set of tests you know that really like encapsulates like all of the project right and and it really satisfies that it's it's surfing up code correctly you know so this is almost like writing tests from the perspective of someone viewing our website and you'll see something like can I go to the main menu and find a button called donate and click on that button and go to the donate page right and so this is really more of like you know what are the functional requirements of our landing site and regardless of how the code puts that together does it meet those requirements right and so we tend to have less and to and tests but because they're the really covering a broad range of this code you know they do provide this sort of integration check like when you hook up all of these functions together to produce a page does it produce the right thing right and that prevents issues where like those all might be unit tested but this is checking the glue between all of them you so unit test very low level and to and test very high level you want a bit of both they serve different purposes there yeah sorry I just want to wrap up the one last point test great natural documentation so like the end to end test show you almost like what would a viewer be doing what actions would baby taking on the website you know so so that you can see like hey like how are people going to use the site right now that's interesting Taylor tests as documentation yeah could you expand on that so I feel like the nice thing about tests is that they break things down into like the simplest use case possible right you're not using messy live data and and so that that makes it easy to understand you don't have to look at like the whole system you can kind of look at the test to understand how the system works right like let's say there's a function you know that's a black box right like have access to it or you don't understand and that's okay because the test should show you like here's two or three ways to use this function so you can focus on like great what data do I need to plug into it what results do I expect based on that data you don't necessarily need to dive into you know the details of that function and it's okay if that the function implementation details change over time as long as it's taken the same data in and putting the same data out you know similarly for the end test you don't have to understand how the site works at all but you can see how people are going to use the site right what we care about supporting versus what's maybe more up in the change you know Taylor thank you so much for for walking us through all of this this is I think I think this is helpful also to note bear in mind that these tests that these checks get run automatically against the code based when you make a contribution to make sure that everything is passing and willing to you know that that it's going to work when we you know the fact that we don't have to manually run them for you exactly and again that makes it safe we want people to be action oriented we want people to like go make that contribution and we want to make it safe where people like aren't going to break for someone who's broken our production multiple times you know and unless frequencies since we introduced all this you know it's like I can do that right because I've got to like I'm calling I'll fix it you know but but I feel like that would even though it's not a big deal people would feel like that's a big deal of neighborhood production you know for like that first open source contribution so so a lot of this and we take this approach to FDA right it's all volunteer driven you know we want to make it safer and safer over time so that we can get more and more people involved and give them a good experience and that's true on the logistic side where mistakes mean that we're paying you know thousands of dollars and diverge fees and stuff like that silly of processes to like really try to make that as safe as possible that's also you know applied to on the the code contribution side here as well
Thank you Taylor I think this was really helpful also because I mean test in by nature you big what is across our present in a lot of programming environments they're just called different things across different software stacks so far for JavaScript you're for example or for TypeScript you're going to find just quite often awesome okay so we've run our tests and we run half of the tests so we have the end to end test as well okay do we want to cover with those are real quick while we these run yeah yeah you can run it let me talk about it so so shout out to Marcus who introduced and to and test here Marcus this is a very high level set of tests you know that really like encapsulates like all of the project right and and it really satisfies that it's it's surfing up code correctly you know so this is almost like writing tests from the perspective of someone viewing our website and you'll see something like can I go to the main menu and find a button called donate and click on that button and go to the donate page right and so this is really more of like you know what are the functional requirements of our landing site and regardless of how the code puts that together does it meet those requirements right and so we tend to have less and to and tests but because they're the really covering a broad range of this code you know they do provide this sort of integration check like when you hook up all of these functions together to produce a page does it produce the right thing right and that prevents issues where like those all might be unit tested but this is checking the glue between all of them you so unit test very low level and to and test very high level you want a bit of both they serve different purposes there yeah sorry I just want to wrap up the one last point test great natural documentation so like the end to end test show you almost like what would a viewer be doing what actions would baby taking on the website you know so so that you can see like hey like how are people going to use the site right now that's interesting Taylor tests as documentation yeah could you expand on that so I feel like the nice thing about tests is that they break things down into like the simplest use case possible right you're not using messy live data and and so that that makes it easy to understand you don't have to look at like the whole system you can kind of look at the test to understand how the system works right like let's say there's a function you know that's a black box right like have access to it or you don't understand and that's okay because the test should show you like here's two or three ways to use this function so you can focus on like great what data do I need to plug into it what results do I expect based on that data you don't necessarily need to dive into you know the details of that function and it's okay if that the function implementation details change over time as long as it's taken the same data in and putting the same data out you know similarly for the end test you don't have to understand how the site works at all but you can see how people are going to use the site right what we care about supporting versus what's maybe more up in the change you know Taylor thank you so much for for walking us through all of this this is I think I think this is helpful also to note bear in mind that these tests that these checks get run automatically against the code based when you make a contribution to make sure that everything is passing and willing to you know that that it's going to work when we you know the fact that we don't have to manually run them for you exactly and again that makes it safe we want people to be action oriented we want people to like go make that contribution and we want to make it safe where people like aren't going to break for someone who's broken our production multiple times you know and unless frequencies since we introduced all this you know it's like I can do that right because I've got to like I'm calling I'll fix it you know but but I feel like that would even though it's not a big deal people would feel like that's a big deal of neighborhood production you know for like that first open source contribution so so a lot of this and we take this approach to FDA right it's all volunteer driven you know we want to make it safer and safer over time so that we can get more and more people involved and give them a good experience and that's true on the logistic side where mistakes mean that we're paying you know thousands of dollars and diverge fees and stuff like that silly of processes to like really try to make that as safe as possible that's also you know applied to on the the code contribution side here as well Yeah I think room I want to do one last kind of type of test here which is important which is our TypeScript checks just below oh yeah and then I want to show people maybe we can make a branch and show people that work in progress pull requests and kind of what that style looks like and why we take that approach
Yeah I think room I want to do one last kind of type of test here which is important which is our TypeScript checks just below oh yeah and then I want to show people maybe we can make a branch and show people that work in progress pull requests and kind of what that style looks like and why we take that approach Awesome. I was talking about that. Cool. So we use TypeScript. Yeah do you want to talk about TypeScript or what? Like why TypeScript? Not JavaScript or something. I'll give it a try. I'll give it a try. All right. So TypeScript is a programming language that is a superset of JavaScript
Awesome. I was talking about that. Cool. So we use TypeScript. Yeah do you want to talk about TypeScript or what? Like why TypeScript? Not JavaScript or something. I'll give it a try. I'll give it a try. All right. So TypeScript is a programming language that is a superset of JavaScript What does that mean? It means that TypeScript is JavaScript with a little bit more on top. That little bit more on top comes from the name types
What does that mean? It means that TypeScript is JavaScript with a little bit more on top. That little bit more on top comes from the name types If you're familiar with JavaScript you've probably never really given you've probably rarely give much thought to not really really I'm not going to make that a assumption hold on let me start over
If you're familiar with JavaScript you've probably never really given you've probably rarely give much thought to not really really I'm not going to make that a assumption hold on let me start over When you're writing JavaScript a lot of the time you don't need to do things like check that something is all the certain type
When you're writing JavaScript a lot of the time you don't need to do things like check that something is all the certain type In fact when you're doing something like adding a string and a number together right JavaScript will do something called type coercion where it'll take the string take the number and be like all right. What do I do with these two so that when I add them it all makes sense
In fact when you're doing something like adding a string and a number together right JavaScript will do something called type coercion where it'll take the string take the number and be like all right. What do I do with these two so that when I add them it all makes sense Let's say you're adding the string three to the number one. What JavaScript does in this case is goes like okay I'm going to coerce I'm going to change this type of a number into a string
Let's say you're adding the string three to the number one. What JavaScript does in this case is goes like okay I'm going to coerce I'm going to change this type of a number into a string So if you add the string three to the number one you're going to get you're going to get a string as a result of 31. Which is kind of countering to what do you expect. Yeah. So it's like a opposite. But I've done a couple boot camps now where I've taught JavaScript and I learned this the hard
So if you add the string three to the number one you're going to get you're going to get a string as a result of 31. Which is kind of countering to what do you expect. Yeah. So it's like a opposite. But I've done a couple boot camps now where I've taught JavaScript and I learned this the hard So what that it makes it like it seems like really easy to write a bunch of code and have it like kind of work you know but like like it seems like there's a lot of Headfalls potentially in there as well or foot guns or whatever right. Or on that's correct that is entirely correct
So what that it makes it like it seems like really easy to write a bunch of code and have it like kind of work you know but like like it seems like there's a lot of Headfalls potentially in there as well or foot guns or whatever right. Or on that's correct that is entirely correct So what happens with then if I see now my dog is a bit upset. I got completely. Do you want me to jump in here on you do a three dog from an L thinking from you. No, no, no, no, no, no. Okay, you got this. You got. Thank you. Thank you, thank you, thank you
So what happens with then if I see now my dog is a bit upset. I got completely. Do you want me to jump in here on you do a three dog from an L thinking from you. No, no, no, no, no, no. Okay, you got this. You got. Thank you. Thank you, thank you, thank you Oh, we just lost Jen but she should be back in a minute. So. Oh, I'll just bring Jen back in. No, no, did I do that? What did I do? I don't know. You're fine. Everything's fine. We're all here. So I like reality glitched for a second, you know, I mean today's stream just like a life
Oh, we just lost Jen but she should be back in a minute. So. Oh, I'll just bring Jen back in. No, no, did I do that? What did I do? I don't know. You're fine. Everything's fine. We're all here. So I like reality glitched for a second, you know, I mean today's stream just like a life What I mean is, you know, challenging. And I just find it really funny when they happen to squeeze because it's like, what are you going to do? Yeah. I feel yeah, I feel yeah. So. Right. So TypeScript aims to mitigate these kinds of problems
What I mean is, you know, challenging. And I just find it really funny when they happen to squeeze because it's like, what are you going to do? Yeah. I feel yeah, I feel yeah. So. Right. So TypeScript aims to mitigate these kinds of problems It seems to minimize these kinds of problems by adding type declarations to the things that we do. So when you declare a variable, depending on the settings that you have of TypeScript, most of the times this is by default. When you declare a variable, you need to tell it, Hey, you are a number
It seems to minimize these kinds of problems by adding type declarations to the things that we do. So when you declare a variable, depending on the settings that you have of TypeScript, most of the times this is by default. When you declare a variable, you need to tell it, Hey, you are a number Hey, you are a string. Hey, you are a Boolean. So that when you try and assign, say, a number to a Boolean variable, TypeScript says like, nah, this doesn't work. So how does this work? TypeScript is compiled to JavaScript. Compilation is a step where you take a language, run it through a program
Hey, you are a string. Hey, you are a Boolean. So that when you try and assign, say, a number to a Boolean variable, TypeScript says like, nah, this doesn't work. So how does this work? TypeScript is compiled to JavaScript. Compilation is a step where you take a language, run it through a program You this is called a compiler that translates it to JavaScript. So what about our own types? Well, that's where doing things like defining types, interfaces, classes, sub. No, that's JavaScript. Doing all of this typing helps us make sure say we're essentially protecting ourselves from ourselves
You this is called a compiler that translates it to JavaScript. So what about our own types? Well, that's where doing things like defining types, interfaces, classes, sub. No, that's JavaScript. Doing all of this typing helps us make sure say we're essentially protecting ourselves from ourselves What are we writing code? So where does testing types come in Taylor? Right. So basically, when you declare your types, right, like, Hey, this function takes a string. You know, let's say it takes it takes actually, let's do a different time. This function takes two numbers
What are we writing code? So where does testing types come in Taylor? Right. So basically, when you declare your types, right, like, Hey, this function takes a string. You know, let's say it takes it takes actually, let's do a different time. This function takes two numbers It adds them together and it spits out a number, right? It can declare that as a type. Means I hear the input types, you know, here's the output type, right? Kind of define a function type there
It adds them together and it spits out a number, right? It can declare that as a type. Means I hear the input types, you know, here's the output type, right? Kind of define a function type there And then let's say there's a different part of your code where you call that and you're taking some entry on a web form to add with another number, right? And maybe you made a mistake and said, you know, the input is a string input
And then let's say there's a different part of your code where you call that and you're taking some entry on a web form to add with another number, right? And maybe you made a mistake and said, you know, the input is a string input It's not a number input, right? TypeScript will catch that for you. And so it'll say, Hey, you're taking something that's a string and trying to put it in this function, which accepts two numbers, right? Not a string in a number. Now, it's not going to like stop the code from running
It's not a number input, right? TypeScript will catch that for you. And so it'll say, Hey, you're taking something that's a string and trying to put it in this function, which accepts two numbers, right? Not a string in a number. Now, it's not going to like stop the code from running It's it doesn't get in your way and break everything, right? But that's why we have our TypeScript checks
It's it doesn't get in your way and break everything, right? But that's why we have our TypeScript checks We want to make sure that types are defined as like a courtesy to the other contributors, right? And that there's no type issues, you know, that you've introduced as your kind of, you like writing code and stringing functions together
We want to make sure that types are defined as like a courtesy to the other contributors, right? And that there's no type issues, you know, that you've introduced as your kind of, you like writing code and stringing functions together So again, it's one of these things that, you know, like really is designed to keep things safe, to keep things normalized throughout our code base, right? Like let's not just like hack it together and throw any any types in there
So again, it's one of these things that, you know, like really is designed to keep things safe, to keep things normalized throughout our code base, right? Like let's not just like hack it together and throw any any types in there There's like any type of one of a boy that will have things explicitly tight. And let's make it easy for you to understand like, you know, Hey, like this is why this part of my code isn't working. Like the types aren't lining up
There's like any type of one of a boy that will have things explicitly tight. And let's make it easy for you to understand like, you know, Hey, like this is why this part of my code isn't working. Like the types aren't lining up And so when I add the string three and the number one, I get 31 instead of, you know, as a string, instead of four, as a number, right? And so it'll prevent that because JavaScript will coerce 31 into a number in different circumstances, right
And so when I add the string three and the number one, I get 31 instead of, you know, as a string, instead of four, as a number, right? And so it'll prevent that because JavaScript will coerce 31 into a number in different circumstances, right So it can be very confusing if you get something that like looks like a number to JavaScript in its untight form
So it can be very confusing if you get something that like looks like a number to JavaScript in its untight form And then, you know, like is can be a number, but is the wrong number because you've added the string in the number earlier on, right? In fact, you can do that here in the console. Yeah. So what is it? Three string three. Oh my goodness, I cannot type today. Wait. How to do a three plus one
And then, you know, like is can be a number, but is the wrong number because you've added the string in the number earlier on, right? In fact, you can do that here in the console. Yeah. So what is it? Three string three. Oh my goodness, I cannot type today. Wait. How to do a three plus one You'll see JavaScript is already going to be like, oh, 31. But what? No. Oopsy. What happens if I say is three plus one bigger than five? No, a smaller than, yeah, smaller than five. No, smaller than five. Yeah
You'll see JavaScript is already going to be like, oh, 31. But what? No. Oopsy. What happens if I say is three plus one bigger than five? No, a smaller than, yeah, smaller than five. No, smaller than five. Yeah Yeah. It's false, but is it bigger than true? Why? Because what's happening here is that it's saying like, all right, let's course this string back into a number. So now we're checking that the number 31 is bigger than five
Yeah. It's false, but is it bigger than true? Why? Because what's happening here is that it's saying like, all right, let's course this string back into a number. So now we're checking that the number 31 is bigger than five So this is like a really good like case for using something like TypeScript to protect your code. Yeah. And so I find often like I want to commands that, you know, let's me check my types as I go or you can even hook it up to visual visual studio to do that for you
So this is like a really good like case for using something like TypeScript to protect your code. Yeah. And so I find often like I want to commands that, you know, let's me check my types as I go or you can even hook it up to visual visual studio to do that for you And so we can try and yarn test colon types and it'll run through. The type checking. I've also introduced and we might want to relax us in the future. I don't know, Ramon, but I added the type scripts test to our pre-commit hook
And so we can try and yarn test colon types and it'll run through. The type checking. I've also introduced and we might want to relax us in the future. I don't know, Ramon, but I added the type scripts test to our pre-commit hook And what I noticed was that a lot of people were like, you know, sending code that had broken types, but would otherwise work. And then the CIDC server was like catching that and that was a bit frustrating
And what I noticed was that a lot of people were like, you know, sending code that had broken types, but would otherwise work. And then the CIDC server was like catching that and that was a bit frustrating So what this does is it like won't let you commit stuff with broken types, which like might be a frustrating point, right? But it'll also like give you that heads up early
So what this does is it like won't let you commit stuff with broken types, which like might be a frustrating point, right? But it'll also like give you that heads up early And so what we might want to do is like remove it from the pre-commit hook if it's if it's too restrictive, but still have that command exposed. If you run yarn test colon types, you can like double check that yourself before you push something up if you want. I don't know. We'll see
And so what we might want to do is like remove it from the pre-commit hook if it's if it's too restrictive, but still have that command exposed. If you run yarn test colon types, you can like double check that yourself before you push something up if you want. I don't know. We'll see We'll see. And we're very open to feedback. So please, y'all, if you're contributors, let us know. Like if you're running into something that's stopping you from making for progress, we're happy to change things up. Love this. All right. So I think I want to end here. We got about 15 minutes left
We'll see. And we're very open to feedback. So please, y'all, if you're contributors, let us know. Like if you're running into something that's stopping you from making for progress, we're happy to change things up. Love this. All right. So I think I want to end here. We got about 15 minutes left And there's like a real quick change we can make that I want to push out to production. And we can use this as an example for a draft PR. And so what we're going to be doing is we're going to be adding units to show what units different items are on on our new needs assessment visualization
And there's like a real quick change we can make that I want to push out to production. And we can use this as an example for a draft PR. And so what we're going to be doing is we're going to be adding units to show what units different items are on on our new needs assessment visualization How's that sound, Herman? Fantastic. Awesome. There is not an issue for this up. Usually we'd have an issue and work off of that, but I don't think unless we want to make one real quick, I'm not sure. Let's do it. Let's make an issue. Let's do it. Let's do it. Okay
How's that sound, Herman? Fantastic. Awesome. There is not an issue for this up. Usually we'd have an issue and work off of that, but I don't think unless we want to make one real quick, I'm not sure. Let's do it. Let's make an issue. Let's do it. Let's do it. Okay Let's do it. Okay. So it's it's it's it's our stream where we do all of this live. So like, why not? Why not? So let me, uh, actually, Well, I have some stuff on notion about this. So would it make sense for you to make the issue? Yeah. Yeah. I go on share
Let's do it. Okay. So it's it's it's it's our stream where we do all of this live. So like, why not? Why not? So let me, uh, actually, Well, I have some stuff on notion about this. So would it make sense for you to make the issue? Yeah. Yeah. I go on share I go on share. And then when you're sharing your screen, you can screen your. Okay. And everyone, oh, this is one of the, I want to show folks. We sent a whole bunch of stuff to Ukraine is a lot of oatmeal for people that are lactose intolerant. Yeah. Yeah
I go on share. And then when you're sharing your screen, you can screen your. Okay. And everyone, oh, this is one of the, I want to show folks. We sent a whole bunch of stuff to Ukraine is a lot of oatmeal for people that are lactose intolerant. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. So this, uh, we usually don't share these, like, beneficiary facing photos on our social media, but most of these folks have mass on. And it's like, you know, they're obviously Ukrainians, like, not in a great position. But I don't think people can like identify where they're at
Yeah. Yeah. So this, uh, we usually don't share these, like, beneficiary facing photos on our social media, but most of these folks have mass on. And it's like, you know, they're obviously Ukrainians, like, not in a great position. But I don't think people can like identify where they're at So this wanted to highlight, you know, some impact of our work. We also sent two machines to produce more milk, which I think is how cool
So this wanted to highlight, you know, some impact of our work. We also sent two machines to produce more milk, which I think is how cool Like how do you get people in crisis supporting themselves? Cause they want to do that, you know, it can be very infantilizing sometimes if everything's just done by the aid workers or whatever. Yeah. But I got our issues here. Oh, quick. We'll smash that new issue button
Like how do you get people in crisis supporting themselves? Cause they want to do that, you know, it can be very infantilizing sometimes if everything's just done by the aid workers or whatever. Yeah. But I got our issues here. Oh, quick. We'll smash that new issue button And this was the priority feedback from the launch. So we want to add units on data visualizations for relevant items. This is going to be a feature request. So you know what I love about this is that it's, it's a really good insight into how all of this grassroots work happens
And this was the priority feedback from the launch. So we want to add units on data visualizations for relevant items. This is going to be a feature request. So you know what I love about this is that it's, it's a really good insight into how all of this grassroots work happens You know, you're using notion, you're bringing that over to, to GitHub, making all of that super like as open source has needs to be so that folks can contribute as is necessary. And just a quick reminder folks like if you've been watching us, go on and on and on about all the tools we use
You know, you're using notion, you're bringing that over to, to GitHub, making all of that super like as open source has needs to be so that folks can contribute as is necessary. And just a quick reminder folks like if you've been watching us, go on and on and on about all the tools we use We didn't even get to code see today or kind sponsor of the show. If you're interested in contributing, let this be a reminder. You're not alone. If you need help with anything, if you want to tackle an issue, speak up in one of these issues
We didn't even get to code see today or kind sponsor of the show. If you're interested in contributing, let this be a reminder. You're not alone. If you need help with anything, if you want to tackle an issue, speak up in one of these issues Hold on, let me let me let me while Taylor is doing all that good stuff
Hold on, let me let me let me while Taylor is doing all that good stuff Just put a link here to the repository and, you know, remember, voice your interest and one of us will be around to either guide you or at least get you up and running all that good stuff because like, how did you put it Taylor mutually mutual benefit here
Just put a link here to the repository and, you know, remember, voice your interest and one of us will be around to either guide you or at least get you up and running all that good stuff because like, how did you put it Taylor mutually mutual benefit here No, how did you put it mutually mutually idea that like by helping other people, you can also help yourself
No, how did you put it mutually mutually idea that like by helping other people, you can also help yourself That could be like direct. We don't want it to be transactional, you know, but it can be direct like, hey, I contribute to code to DA and participate in the dev champions program
That could be like direct. We don't want it to be transactional, you know, but it can be direct like, hey, I contribute to code to DA and participate in the dev champions program And I get like a LinkedIn shout out and, you know, like have a great story to tell and use it to advance my career and learn things. Or it can be indirect like we support refugees because that's a fundamental human rights
And I get like a LinkedIn shout out and, you know, like have a great story to tell and use it to advance my career and learn things. Or it can be indirect like we support refugees because that's a fundamental human rights And if we ever find ourselves in that situation, we want someone to support us
And if we ever find ourselves in that situation, we want someone to support us And if we don't by making a more welcoming environment for people that are, you know, fleeing to our countries, like would they get integrated in society faster and just kind of help, you know, our society and be a part of that, right? Yeah. Cool. So I have the issue up here
And if we don't by making a more welcoming environment for people that are, you know, fleeing to our countries, like would they get integrated in society faster and just kind of help, you know, our society and be a part of that, right? Yeah. Cool. So I have the issue up here There's a few caveats, right? So we want to highlight this unit. But if things aren't broken down all the way, like in some of the graphs, we're just looking at things at like more of a summary level, then we're not going to be able to do that
There's a few caveats, right? So we want to highlight this unit. But if things aren't broken down all the way, like in some of the graphs, we're just looking at things at like more of a summary level, then we're not going to be able to do that And the example they've done here is when you hover over the graph, right? And I can pull this up on our live website. You know, it shows you some more information
And the example they've done here is when you hover over the graph, right? And I can pull this up on our live website. You know, it shows you some more information I might decide to take a different approach though, right? So by hover over here, it's like, here's the total number of like kind of items, right? But if we want to, let's go ahead and look at our filter to hygiene and we want to index by item. Right. So here, this is like the same item
I might decide to take a different approach though, right? So by hover over here, it's like, here's the total number of like kind of items, right? But if we want to, let's go ahead and look at our filter to hygiene and we want to index by item. Right. So here, this is like the same item This would be, you know, for liquid soap, that might be something in milliliters, like how many 100 milliliters bottles or 100, you know, leader bottles or something. Right. So we want to highlight it there. Yeah. It just kind of depends on what the view is. So it might be a bit tricky
This would be, you know, for liquid soap, that might be something in milliliters, like how many 100 milliliters bottles or 100, you know, leader bottles or something. Right. So we want to highlight it there. Yeah. It just kind of depends on what the view is. So it might be a bit tricky What I might recommend Ramon is instead of adding it to this kind of like hover over sort of thing, what happens if we just include it on the item specific. So if you break it down and you're showing like her item here, right? Then we'll show it next to the item name
What I might recommend Ramon is instead of adding it to this kind of like hover over sort of thing, what happens if we just include it on the item specific. So if you break it down and you're showing like her item here, right? Then we'll show it next to the item name If you're showing like her region or country, more of a summer review or something like that, you know, then maybe you don't care that some of them are like items of clothing and others are like 250 milliliters, you know, so bottles, right? Right. Cool. I love that. Yeah. No, go for it
If you're showing like her region or country, more of a summer review or something like that, you know, then maybe you don't care that some of them are like items of clothing and others are like 250 milliliters, you know, so bottles, right? Right. Cool. I love that. Yeah. No, go for it No, go for it. No, it's just going to ask like, it's interesting how interacting with all of this data sort of brings out these these these needs that we have in order to tweak. How this all looks in a sort of in order to present it better
No, go for it. No, it's just going to ask like, it's interesting how interacting with all of this data sort of brings out these these these needs that we have in order to tweak. How this all looks in a sort of in order to present it better And like I think that really speaks to like Jen and I talk a lot about holding ourselves back because it from releasing things just because we want to make sure that everything's working great and perfect and all that. But like how by putting it out there, how by trying things out
And like I think that really speaks to like Jen and I talk a lot about holding ourselves back because it from releasing things just because we want to make sure that everything's working great and perfect and all that. But like how by putting it out there, how by trying things out And then there's something that I find very
And then there's something that I find very For lack of a better than magical about open source is that we have the flexibility to experiment and people can just tell us like you have a forum right there, like a forum by which I mean a GitHub issue where you could just be like, hey, do you know what I think of this be better as as you stop because I believe Taylor, you did change this
For lack of a better than magical about open source is that we have the flexibility to experiment and people can just tell us like you have a forum right there, like a forum by which I mean a GitHub issue where you could just be like, hey, do you know what I think of this be better as as you stop because I believe Taylor, you did change this Now the graph is on top. The options are at the bottom. And then the share link on top and then the graph and then if people want to get more advanced with it, you know, but we also do some cool stuff like if you go to regions
Now the graph is on top. The options are at the bottom. And then the share link on top and then the graph and then if people want to get more advanced with it, you know, but we also do some cool stuff like if you go to regions Right, you want to look at France like when you click that needs tab, it takes you to like a preset graph, you know, so we're using the combination of like, here's all the options
Right, you want to look at France like when you click that needs tab, it takes you to like a preset graph, you know, so we're using the combination of like, here's all the options And you can encode those options in the URL, you can get the share link right here allows our team to make these grasswood oslas anyone to go in and like make their graph that they care about and then share it like on Facebook and people can come back and see what they were looking at right
And you can encode those options in the URL, you can get the share link right here allows our team to make these grasswood oslas anyone to go in and like make their graph that they care about and then share it like on Facebook and people can come back and see what they were looking at right Yeah, yeah. So here's another example we are. I wanted to index by sub region. Oh, that's right, because I changed up. We're looking at Greece here. There we go. So this is like the sub region breakdown
Yeah, yeah. So here's another example we are. I wanted to index by sub region. Oh, that's right, because I changed up. We're looking at Greece here. There we go. So this is like the sub region breakdown You can see there's a lot more need in southern Greece than the other places, you know, but we're grouping by category. So here it wouldn't make sense to have like item versus 250 mill leader
You can see there's a lot more need in southern Greece than the other places, you know, but we're grouping by category. So here it wouldn't make sense to have like item versus 250 mill leader However, if we grouped by item right then that might say it sets like here's to suppose we're azers sanitary pads, you know, but there might be some liquid soap or something, you know, toothpaste, right. Mill leaders of toothpaste because they come in all sorts of different sizes
However, if we grouped by item right then that might say it sets like here's to suppose we're azers sanitary pads, you know, but there might be some liquid soap or something, you know, toothpaste, right. Mill leaders of toothpaste because they come in all sorts of different sizes And I think that what we can do is just by changing how the item name is generated and including that unit that'll make it happen both here and in the graph, right. So I want to switch it over
And I think that what we can do is just by changing how the item name is generated and including that unit that'll make it happen both here and in the graph, right. So I want to switch it over And to make sure we can get through this efficiently, does someone want to drive and I'll help navigate the code base because I'm very familiar with you just kind of go in and like do the thing that we need to do and use this as an example for the work and progress pull requests and then call it today
And to make sure we can get through this efficiently, does someone want to drive and I'll help navigate the code base because I'm very familiar with you just kind of go in and like do the thing that we need to do and use this as an example for the work and progress pull requests and then call it today Sounds good. How are we for time? Because I know we usually have a lot of, and I want to have Jen, I want to be respectful of your time to. You got some timer like feel free to drop as well like as you wish. I'm good because I'm trying to stay as concentrated as I can with the dog. You are fine
Sounds good. How are we for time? Because I know we usually have a lot of, and I want to have Jen, I want to be respectful of your time to. You got some timer like feel free to drop as well like as you wish. I'm good because I'm trying to stay as concentrated as I can with the dog. You are fine You are fine. Just want to give you the space. As long as you guys are okay with me being on mute and right in the way going away, we're good. Just having you here as a joy. Jen, I know that you can interrupt us and ask questions at any time. I'll happily drive. Let me yeah, totally hold on
You are fine. Just want to give you the space. As long as you guys are okay with me being on mute and right in the way going away, we're good. Just having you here as a joy. Jen, I know that you can interrupt us and ask questions at any time. I'll happily drive. Let me yeah, totally hold on Let me get my window. Got the wrong window. There we go. I am now in Chrome. Cool. So what am I doing Taylor? Right. So first thing, let's go ahead and open up our issue there. Yeah. Cool. And we can go ahead and make a new branch. Right. Based on that based on that issue number. This one here
Let me get my window. Got the wrong window. There we go. I am now in Chrome. Cool. So what am I doing Taylor? Right. So first thing, let's go ahead and open up our issue there. Yeah. Cool. And we can go ahead and make a new branch. Right. Based on that based on that issue number. This one here This one here. Yeah. Go back to Git pod. So get checkout feature. Feet or feature. Do you need a dash be in there? Yeah. So you can do. In branch. My mistake. So the issue number is. That is not my issue. This one. Um. Nine twenty nine. Nine twenty nine. So this is how we keep our branches in sync
This one here. Yeah. Go back to Git pod. So get checkout feature. Feet or feature. Do you need a dash be in there? Yeah. So you can do. In branch. My mistake. So the issue number is. That is not my issue. This one. Um. Nine twenty nine. Nine twenty nine. So this is how we keep our branches in sync Not every branch is tied to an issue, but if there is an issue, we usually do. Feet slash, you know, the issue numbers slash or dash, you know, like a short description for the branch. So we haven't changed any code. We're not checking out an existing branch
Not every branch is tied to an issue, but if there is an issue, we usually do. Feet slash, you know, the issue numbers slash or dash, you know, like a short description for the branch. So we haven't changed any code. We're not checking out an existing branch So like our yarn install and everything should be good. Um, and, uh, yeah. So to get the work and progress whole requests, we do need at least one commit. You know, you can push this branch up right now if you want
So like our yarn install and everything should be good. Um, and, uh, yeah. So to get the work and progress whole requests, we do need at least one commit. You know, you can push this branch up right now if you want But remember, let's go ahead and make that first commit just so we can get that whole request going. You're going to want to look in. Um, oh boy. I want to say. Source slash components slash viz slash needs assessment. Needs bar chart. There we go. And that would be
But remember, let's go ahead and make that first commit just so we can get that whole request going. You're going to want to look in. Um, oh boy. I want to say. Source slash components slash viz slash needs assessment. Needs bar chart. There we go. And that would be And that would be. And then we can open up our data helpers. I want to say. Because I feel like that's where a lot of this is getting pulled from is that we have these kind of functional things. So you can see at the bottom there that select item key selector
And that would be. And then we can open up our data helpers. I want to say. Because I feel like that's where a lot of this is getting pulled from is that we have these kind of functional things. So you can see at the bottom there that select item key selector That gives us the item for the left hand side, right? Where it's not just the item name, but it includes like, you know, an age gender, like size style breakdown. So we can separate, you know, men's t-shirts from women's t-shirts and track those as different needs
That gives us the item for the left hand side, right? Where it's not just the item name, but it includes like, you know, an age gender, like size style breakdown. So we can separate, you know, men's t-shirts from women's t-shirts and track those as different needs So I feel like if we just add one more bit there to the end of that string, right? You see what it says product item online 25. And then what we can do is have, you know, brackets like space and then, and then, you know, um, curly braces. Yeah, exactly. That's, that's great
So I feel like if we just add one more bit there to the end of that string, right? You see what it says product item online 25. And then what we can do is have, you know, brackets like space and then, and then, you know, um, curly braces. Yeah, exactly. That's, that's great That's the word I was looking for. And we want to do product dot unit. Like this. Right. Yep. Let's make sure that works. So let's go ahead and, uh, and load up our, um, our needs assessment tool area. You can just click on needs. No, data explorer. Yep. Great
That's the word I was looking for. And we want to do product dot unit. Like this. Right. Yep. Let's make sure that works. So let's go ahead and, uh, and load up our, um, our needs assessment tool area. You can just click on needs. No, data explorer. Yep. Great Yep. Great. And so we're not seeing any changes in this graph view. Let's go ahead at the bottom and index by item instead of category. Oh, interesting. Okay. And then if we scroll back up, now we can see like, hey, T is measured in kilograms. Most of these are measured in items. Right
Yep. Great. And so we're not seeing any changes in this graph view. Let's go ahead at the bottom and index by item instead of category. Oh, interesting. Okay. And then if we scroll back up, now we can see like, hey, T is measured in kilograms. Most of these are measured in items. Right Right. Um, you know, I guess there's also like euro palettes for T, which is weird. We might need to do some normalization here. Some of the data might not be normalized, but that's a cool way to discover this. Right
Right. Um, you know, I guess there's also like euro palettes for T, which is weird. We might need to do some normalization here. Some of the data might not be normalized, but that's a cool way to discover this. Right Right. Because it used to be combining T as an item with T as a palette and T is kilo grams. Right. Those numbers do not mean the same thing. So I think this is a really good step in the right direction. I think it is. Let us discover. We need some normalization there. Um, got it
Right. Because it used to be combining T as an item with T as a palette and T is kilo grams. Right. Those numbers do not mean the same thing. So I think this is a really good step in the right direction. I think it is. Let us discover. We need some normalization there. Um, got it Um, got it. Um, so I think that this is a good like step forward. Let's go ahead and commit this. This solved one of our issues, right? Where items were listed on the left hand side. We wanted to show, you know, basically like, you know, what unit they were using. Yeah. Okay
Um, got it. Um, so I think that this is a good like step forward. Let's go ahead and commit this. This solved one of our issues, right? Where items were listed on the left hand side. We wanted to show, you know, basically like, you know, what unit they were using. Yeah. Okay Yeah. Okay. So I think it's a good point to commit. And then we can get that work in progress branch going and do the second half of this. Another commit. Display. Who needs. How's that? Yep. On the on the left hand axis, maybe, or something like that
Yeah. Okay. So I think it's a good point to commit. And then we can get that work in progress branch going and do the second half of this. Another commit. Display. Who needs. How's that? Yep. On the on the left hand axis, maybe, or something like that Like where are we just flying in? That looks great. Let's go ahead and commit that. So this is like a great example where the type script checking. If that's a good point, so this is like a great example where the type script checking. If that, if you know, product dot unit did not exist
Like where are we just flying in? That looks great. Let's go ahead and commit that. So this is like a great example where the type script checking. If that's a good point, so this is like a great example where the type script checking. If that, if you know, product dot unit did not exist Like there is no unit field there. The type script would catch it and it looks like you forgot to add the. I did. Yeah. Error. I'm usually. It's better than I know I'm just being silly. Cool. So just let that type script check run and then we want to push this branch right away. So we're not done
Like there is no unit field there. The type script would catch it and it looks like you forgot to add the. I did. Yeah. Error. I'm usually. It's better than I know I'm just being silly. Cool. So just let that type script check run and then we want to push this branch right away. So we're not done So we're not done. We just need the first commit, right? And that's okay. It push origin and then we're. Great. So now let's go to get. And remote is like the contribute here. Kind of you me as the maintainer. So I'm making a new. I'm going to put it in the. I'm going to put it in the
So we're not done. We just need the first commit, right? And that's okay. It push origin and then we're. Great. So now let's go to get. And remote is like the contribute here. Kind of you me as the maintainer. So I'm making a new. I'm going to put it in the. I'm going to put it in the Pull request. Yeah. And don't forget remote to add the issue number. If you could do number nine. 29. Exactly. That way it'll automatically link them up. If it's just in the title or the branch name it won't. And now instead of hitting create pull request
Pull request. Yeah. And don't forget remote to add the issue number. If you could do number nine. 29. Exactly. That way it'll automatically link them up. If it's just in the title or the branch name it won't. And now instead of hitting create pull request You want to select create draft pull request. Right. Now what this does is remote is communicating to me by making this draft pull request. And I'm going to say something about it. That's why I have an energy for. That you want to make a new
You want to select create draft pull request. Right. Now what this does is remote is communicating to me by making this draft pull request. And I'm going to say something about it. That's why I have an energy for. That you want to make a new So let's see if you want to have an issue them working on it. Here's where I'll be working on it. Right. So now I have a workspace I'm like, oh, like what's going on with this issue. I can see the progress. Remote is made. That's also a good place
So let's see if you want to have an issue them working on it. Here's where I'll be working on it. Right. So now I have a workspace I'm like, oh, like what's going on with this issue. I can see the progress. Remote is made. That's also a good place It gives us a place to discuss questions about the implementation. Right. So rather than have all that comment on the, the issue remarks like, hey, Taylor, does this look good? Am I done? are broken down in the graph to that hover over thing
It gives us a place to discuss questions about the implementation. Right. So rather than have all that comment on the, the issue remarks like, hey, Taylor, does this look good? Am I done? are broken down in the graph to that hover over thing You know what I'm saying? So I feel like this is a good way to facilitate that dialogue. If a moment runs into trouble, I can see his code. So if he has a question, I'm like, hey, why isn't this working? He needs some more project contacts. I can't do that much if it's just a blank box
You know what I'm saying? So I feel like this is a good way to facilitate that dialogue. If a moment runs into trouble, I can see his code. So if he has a question, I'm like, hey, why isn't this working? He needs some more project contacts. I can't do that much if it's just a blank box But by pushing up the latest and greatest on this draft pull request, I know it's not going to accidentally merge it into soon or something like that. We can have those conversations. We can have that Q&A. I can check out Ramon's code if I need to step through it to figure out what's wrong
But by pushing up the latest and greatest on this draft pull request, I know it's not going to accidentally merge it into soon or something like that. We can have those conversations. We can have that Q&A. I can check out Ramon's code if I need to step through it to figure out what's wrong Right? It's just a much more collaborative way to work. Yeah. I have a question, Taylor. How do we mitigate? How do I, sorry, I need to stop using words like that
Right? It's just a much more collaborative way to work. Yeah. I have a question, Taylor. How do we mitigate? How do I, sorry, I need to stop using words like that One counterpoint I've seen people make to draft pull requests is that when they drag out a little long, changes made to a main branch can create merging conflicts. Yes
One counterpoint I've seen people make to draft pull requests is that when they drag out a little long, changes made to a main branch can create merging conflicts. Yes Yes. How can we minimize that danger? So I think two things, right? I think, you know, like, like, hopefully supported by the Jons Stud Champions program here. We want to give people like the structure to get through contributions
Yes. How can we minimize that danger? So I think two things, right? I think, you know, like, like, hopefully supported by the Jons Stud Champions program here. We want to give people like the structure to get through contributions So we try to keep our issues smaller, right? So like small issues means I like the pull requests, you know, and just be realistic with yourselves if you can sure today, like, you know, if you have time to work on an issue, pick that a ship
So we try to keep our issues smaller, right? So like small issues means I like the pull requests, you know, and just be realistic with yourselves if you can sure today, like, you know, if you have time to work on an issue, pick that a ship If you don't, right? Like, you know, then, like, just leave it and it might still be there in two weeks when you have more time or there'll be another issue available, right? So I think part of it is like, do you have time to make this contribution, right
If you don't, right? Like, you know, then, like, just leave it and it might still be there in two weeks when you have more time or there'll be another issue available, right? So I think part of it is like, do you have time to make this contribution, right Now, there's no time pressure, but as you said, we want to keep things moving along
Now, there's no time pressure, but as you said, we want to keep things moving along We want to keep our issues small. And the last thing is like, sometimes, you know, a lot of the work that I do is like, larger ranging, I'm adding like, you know, the beginnings of a new section to a site that and other people can, like, you know, fill out with small issues
We want to keep our issues small. And the last thing is like, sometimes, you know, a lot of the work that I do is like, larger ranging, I'm adding like, you know, the beginnings of a new section to a site that and other people can, like, you know, fill out with small issues I sometimes just have to do a lot of rebasing, you know, I have to basically say like, this is going to be a longer living branch and I'll bite that bullet and keep rebasing our main branch, which is called saga into this one
I sometimes just have to do a lot of rebasing, you know, I have to basically say like, this is going to be a longer living branch and I'll bite that bullet and keep rebasing our main branch, which is called saga into this one So that I make sure that my code doesn't have conflicts and works with other people's code. Good, good question, that remote. No, thank you. I love that. I really love that because it shows that, you know, we're thinking about this stuff. Yeah. Cool. So I will click on draft pull request. Yep
So that I make sure that my code doesn't have conflicts and works with other people's code. Good, good question, that remote. No, thank you. I love that. I really love that because it shows that, you know, we're thinking about this stuff. Yeah. Cool. So I will click on draft pull request. Yep Yep. And the cool thing is like, this gets all the fully featured pull request stuff. So code C is going to generate a pull request map so that I can get an overview as a maintainer, like what files have changed and things like that. It'll run your CIICD, you know
Yep. And the cool thing is like, this gets all the fully featured pull request stuff. So code C is going to generate a pull request map so that I can get an overview as a maintainer, like what files have changed and things like that. It'll run your CIICD, you know So like I often don't run the end to end tests while I'm working on something, but it's nice that like by the time I'm like, oh, should I make this a real pull request, I can see if those end to end tests have passed or if they have issues, I gotta go, you know, fix them up, right, or change my code or something
So like I often don't run the end to end tests while I'm working on something, but it's nice that like by the time I'm like, oh, should I make this a real pull request, I can see if those end to end tests have passed or if they have issues, I gotta go, you know, fix them up, right, or change my code or something But is it really interesting point, Taylor, speaking to the merits of draft pull requests? Why run those tests myself if I can just push them and keep going? That's a really good idea. Exactly. Like it'll catch it if there's an issue
But is it really interesting point, Taylor, speaking to the merits of draft pull requests? Why run those tests myself if I can just push them and keep going? That's a really good idea. Exactly. Like it'll catch it if there's an issue You can go back and fix that, you know, like, but yeah, I basically only run tests when I'm like, hey, this thing's working and it shouldn't be
You can go back and fix that, you know, like, but yeah, I basically only run tests when I'm like, hey, this thing's working and it shouldn't be And then I'll run the unit test, you know, to see like how I broke something, you know, if I'm not actually blocked in my dead flow, I'll just like the CIDC server, take care of that. And if I gotta go in and make a few changes at the end, that's fine. Love it. Love it. Cool
And then I'll run the unit test, you know, to see like how I broke something, you know, if I'm not actually blocked in my dead flow, I'll just like the CIDC server, take care of that. And if I gotta go in and make a few changes at the end, that's fine. Love it. Love it. Cool Love it. Cool. I can see we've got a map here that Taylor can use to review. Branch not deployed yet. And we can see stuff is running. It'll also create a preview URL through Netlify, which is invaluable because that means that our noncode contributors can go look at how it works
Love it. Cool. I can see we've got a map here that Taylor can use to review. Branch not deployed yet. And we can see stuff is running. It'll also create a preview URL through Netlify, which is invaluable because that means that our noncode contributors can go look at how it works So like, let's say like we wanted to ask for feedback, you know, from the people driving this issue, which is not me. That's our needs assessment team, right? You know, hey, does this look like you all want it to look? Here's the Netlify preview URL
So like, let's say like we wanted to ask for feedback, you know, from the people driving this issue, which is not me. That's our needs assessment team, right? You know, hey, does this look like you all want it to look? Here's the Netlify preview URL Then you can go check that out on their own time and get back to us, right? Yeah. But hold on a minute. Looks like something failed. Uh-oh. Do we got time for having a look at what failed? Yeah. Yeah, I think we do. So let's see. Nine tests failed
Then you can go check that out on their own time and get back to us, right? Yeah. But hold on a minute. Looks like something failed. Uh-oh. Do we got time for having a look at what failed? Yeah. Yeah, I think we do. So let's see. Nine tests failed Nine tests failed. And it seems that it has to do with our, um, the new code we just wrote. So these labels. Yeah. Let's go back. Exactly
Nine tests failed. And it seems that it has to do with our, um, the new code we just wrote. So these labels. Yeah. Let's go back. Exactly Exactly. So basically we have some test data here in some of our tests that, you know, are like, hey, it should display this label with this list of items, you know, that are going to be included on the data side, right? And so we changed the code that governs those labels
Exactly. So basically we have some test data here in some of our tests that, you know, are like, hey, it should display this label with this list of items, you know, that are going to be included on the data side, right? And so we changed the code that governs those labels We saw that reflected in one implementation, which is the landing site, but we didn't update our tests. So that's fine. And that's a case where like the unit test progress, prevent regressions, we're making forward progress
We saw that reflected in one implementation, which is the landing site, but we didn't update our tests. So that's fine. And that's a case where like the unit test progress, prevent regressions, we're making forward progress So now we want to update our unit tests to, uh, to work with this, right? That's good. So let's, like, I can see that here, options helpers test.ts and it even, it should, I would expect it to, uh, what we got in, ah, yeah, what we had and what we got instead. No. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right there
So now we want to update our unit tests to, uh, to work with this, right? That's good. So let's, like, I can see that here, options helpers test.ts and it even, it should, I would expect it to, uh, what we got in, ah, yeah, what we had and what we got instead. No. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right there Yeah. Right there. Awesome. Let's, let's, let's go and fix though. So that's options test. Options helpers test. That's going to be on the needs bar chart one. Yeah. You can see what line that was on when it failed. So that was 522. That's a lot of tests
Yeah. Right there. Awesome. Let's, let's, let's go and fix though. So that's options test. Options helpers test. That's going to be on the needs bar chart one. Yeah. You can see what line that was on when it failed. So that was 522. That's a lot of tests Now, it's a lot of functions in there to test. 522. So this should be item. Yep. It should items within S or fashion. Let's find out. It is, it is, it is, it is item. Okay. That's fine. That's fine. Um, yeah. And then I think we can also like, uh, have our tests
Now, it's a lot of functions in there to test. 522. So this should be item. Yep. It should items within S or fashion. Let's find out. It is, it is, it is, it is item. Okay. That's fine. That's fine. Um, yeah. And then I think we can also like, uh, have our tests We might want to change up the test. So they're not both items. Like maybe you want to make the unit for bar soap 100 grams instead of the size style there. Right. Um, so we can go look at our, our test data. Um, okay. Where do I do that? Where are we getting that? Options helpers test
We might want to change up the test. So they're not both items. Like maybe you want to make the unit for bar soap 100 grams instead of the size style there. Right. Um, so we can go look at our, our test data. Um, okay. Where do I do that? Where are we getting that? Options helpers test So that data is going to be coming from, um, if you scroll down, this might break, actually, this might break more stuff. I'll, I'll do this later. Let's just get the test to pass. Um, and, and I work in units more later. Yeah. Yeah
So that data is going to be coming from, um, if you scroll down, this might break, actually, this might break more stuff. I'll, I'll do this later. Let's just get the test to pass. Um, and, and I work in units more later. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Were there other tests that we're failing? I feel like there are nine of us. So should search for women t shirt. Maybe that's popping up somewhere else. Okay. Um, women actually, I'm going to go with T. Oh, filtered me
Yeah. Yeah. Were there other tests that we're failing? I feel like there are nine of us. So should search for women t shirt. Maybe that's popping up somewhere else. Okay. Um, women actually, I'm going to go with T. Oh, filtered me Oh, filtered me. I guess it'll be all of these, huh? I'm not sure, but yeah, I think it would be all of them. Yeah. Let's give it a try. Oops. Yeah. And I saw one here. One thing we might want to do is just run these tests so that we don't have to run the entire test suite
Oh, filtered me. I guess it'll be all of these, huh? I'm not sure, but yeah, I think it would be all of them. Yeah. Let's give it a try. Oops. Yeah. And I saw one here. One thing we might want to do is just run these tests so that we don't have to run the entire test suite Let's run them locally and just, yeah, just this file. Let's see what you're saying. Yeah. Let's, let's fix them here so we don't have to. So that's, uh, how does that work? Is it? So if you do yarn test, right? And then you just, uh, do a partial. It doesn't even have to be the full path
Let's run them locally and just, yeah, just this file. Let's see what you're saying. Yeah. Let's, let's fix them here so we don't have to. So that's, uh, how does that work? Is it? So if you do yarn test, right? And then you just, uh, do a partial. It doesn't even have to be the full path Or you just have to like, options, dash helpers, you know, or options, dash helpers, dot test, dot, yes. Like, every one of you want to do it. It should, uh, it should. It is. Yep. Brilliant. Nice. All right. And we just have one more here. Huh. That doesn't look right
Or you just have to like, options, dash helpers, you know, or options, dash helpers, dot test, dot, yes. Like, every one of you want to do it. It should, uh, it should. It is. Yep. Brilliant. Nice. All right. And we just have one more here. Huh. That doesn't look right Does it? So that makes sense if our filter is off, right? So, so can you scroll to the bottom and see what we actually got there? So we got an empty array, right? And that probably has to do with, um, the, what we're passing into our, our filter there
Does it? So that makes sense if our filter is off, right? So, so can you scroll to the bottom and see what we actually got there? So we got an empty array, right? And that probably has to do with, um, the, what we're passing into our, our filter there So let's just go look at this test online 160 and, and see, you know, it might not be the output we need to change. So our filters there. And that's because the item, right? So 156, we need to change the item name on that filter. Hmm. Oh, that's tricky. I understand. And now it should work. Okay
So let's just go look at this test online 160 and, and see, you know, it might not be the output we need to change. So our filters there. And that's because the item, right? So 156, we need to change the item name on that filter. Hmm. Oh, that's tricky. I understand. And now it should work. Okay Okay. Awesome. And can you just show me the UI again real quick from on? I want to see how this changes like the item filter label. If we scroll to the bottom there, um, to our filter, sorry, not the bottom bottom, but just the filter section. There we go. And we select item
Okay. Awesome. And can you just show me the UI again real quick from on? I want to see how this changes like the item filter label. If we scroll to the bottom there, um, to our filter, sorry, not the bottom bottom, but just the filter section. There we go. And we select item And we select item. That should also show up with the units now. That's really cool. Yeah, that, that actually makes a lot of sense too. I dig it. Great. Great. Okay. So I think we got those tests passing. Let's do one last thing here as we're fixing this up
And we select item. That should also show up with the units now. That's really cool. Yeah, that, that actually makes a lot of sense too. I dig it. Great. Great. Okay. So I think we got those tests passing. Let's do one last thing here as we're fixing this up I want to take a look at if we, uh, group by item. Right. So if you scroll down, um, maybe let's like index by region, but then group by item. Cool. Right. So it also shows up there. So, so changing that one part. I think it's really good. Good, good code and made it easy for future work. Um, yeah
I want to take a look at if we, uh, group by item. Right. So if you scroll down, um, maybe let's like index by region, but then group by item. Cool. Right. So it also shows up there. So, so changing that one part. I think it's really good. Good, good code and made it easy for future work. Um, yeah Um, yeah. So this is a great example where like we went in to change one thing. We found out it changed it everywhere. We needed it to be changed and we just had to fix up the tests. So remote, you can make this, uh, this, uh, fix commit here
Um, yeah. So this is a great example where like we went in to change one thing. We found out it changed it everywhere. We needed it to be changed and we just had to fix up the tests. So remote, you can make this, uh, this, uh, fix commit here And then we can, uh, move the draft PR to a, like, ready to review PR. That was quick. Cool. Yeah. Okay. That's running. So that's a fix. Uh, pass. Update test data. Or something. I am. I think that makes sense. That's great. Well, no, no, no, don't want to
And then we can, uh, move the draft PR to a, like, ready to review PR. That was quick. Cool. Yeah. Okay. That's running. So that's a fix. Uh, pass. Update test data. Or something. I am. I think that makes sense. That's great. Well, no, no, no, don't want to I keep wanting to close that tab, but then I try to quote that, of course, tries to close my browser tab. Oh, I can tell. Yeah. Okay. Cool. So should I share my screen now and we can, uh, I can close out the PR? Let's do it
I keep wanting to close that tab, but then I try to quote that, of course, tries to close my browser tab. Oh, I can tell. Yeah. Okay. Cool. So should I share my screen now and we can, uh, I can close out the PR? Let's do it Well, first before you actually first, you need to mark it as, as not a draft. Yeah. I mean, I think before that we got to make sure everything's working. That's actually okay. Right
Well, first before you actually first, you need to mark it as, as not a draft. Yeah. I mean, I think before that we got to make sure everything's working. That's actually okay. Right Right. So if you feel like it's ready for review, even if the tests are running or something, like you get me like, hey, it's ready, you know, and then if it's a fail, it might still be some collaboration that happens
Right. So if you feel like it's ready for review, even if the tests are running or something, like you get me like, hey, it's ready, you know, and then if it's a fail, it might still be some collaboration that happens But I think the point of this work in progress PR, like it lets us do that collaboration. Wow. The code is being written, you know, before you get to like, and I think that makes open source more approachable, right? Especially if it's your first project
But I think the point of this work in progress PR, like it lets us do that collaboration. Wow. The code is being written, you know, before you get to like, and I think that makes open source more approachable, right? Especially if it's your first project Like so many projects are just like, give me work in valid, you know, working valid code with tests that meet this issue. And I'll look at that as a chunk. I get it
Like so many projects are just like, give me work in valid, you know, working valid code with tests that meet this issue. And I'll look at that as a chunk. I get it I get it. If you're an overwhelmed retainer and you just want to like work with the folks that like can deliver you, you know, some functionality or something. But we want to be more open and accepting open source project. I like we've been talking about how people level up through their work here
I get it. If you're an overwhelmed retainer and you just want to like work with the folks that like can deliver you, you know, some functionality or something. But we want to be more open and accepting open source project. I like we've been talking about how people level up through their work here And that means that we can be more involved like while people are writing the code. You know, and extend the collaboration to that process. Cool. So you can go ahead and share your screen now and I will. Right. Wait excitedly for my review. There we go. And I'm just going to speedrun this
And that means that we can be more involved like while people are writing the code. You know, and extend the collaboration to that process. Cool. So you can go ahead and share your screen now and I will. Right. Wait excitedly for my review. There we go. And I'm just going to speedrun this Okay, cool. So we can we can show off one code. See that we'll do more code. See maps next week and some maintenance stuff from on maybe because I think. Sounds good. Yeah, next week I'll be unseen view nations. So I will not be around. Yeah. I mean, Oh my gosh, y'all
Okay, cool. So we can we can show off one code. See that we'll do more code. See maps next week and some maintenance stuff from on maybe because I think. Sounds good. Yeah, next week I'll be unseen view nations. So I will not be around. Yeah. I mean, Oh my gosh, y'all I just, we, I put Keona and Tyler's office because that's where she wanted to go. But then she just started barking really loud and he's like, you know, it's a bit different for him because he has like a lot of like really big calls and stuff where, you know, live streams to me are like
I just, we, I put Keona and Tyler's office because that's where she wanted to go. But then she just started barking really loud and he's like, you know, it's a bit different for him because he has like a lot of like really big calls and stuff where, you know, live streams to me are like It's life, you know, it's like, what's show. It's chill. And so I'm just like she was just barking really a lot and I'm just like, oh, my god. Just. This is why he goes to the office
It's life, you know, it's like, what's show. It's chill. And so I'm just like she was just barking really a lot and I'm just like, oh, my god. Just. This is why he goes to the office Do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know that picture of the of a dog like sit like staring in from outside the, the, the, what is that called the port? The, the, what is that called the port, the port store being like, please let me in so I can go back out. Yes. Yes. That is her today
Do you know, do you know, do you know, do you know that picture of the of a dog like sit like staring in from outside the, the, the, what is that called the port? The, the, what is that called the port, the port store being like, please let me in so I can go back out. Yes. Yes. That is her today That is her today. She has just been very, very sassy. But I've been trying to pay attention, but it's interesting, even though I couldn't like fully. I'm just going to go through a lot of this and ask questions as we were going today
That is her today. She has just been very, very sassy. But I've been trying to pay attention, but it's interesting, even though I couldn't like fully. I'm just going to go through a lot of this and ask questions as we were going today There are things that just being a part of the community that I'm like, ooh, we really need to do a video on X. That is just walking someone through this, this and this
There are things that just being a part of the community that I'm like, ooh, we really need to do a video on X. That is just walking someone through this, this and this And it's already giving me like content ideas of how to need a structure that's just getting someone started in the community, let alone. And it's just being, you know, going through that open source academy. So. Can we call it OSA? Open source. Open source. I don't need. OSA
And it's already giving me like content ideas of how to need a structure that's just getting someone started in the community, let alone. And it's just being, you know, going through that open source academy. So. Can we call it OSA? Open source. Open source. I don't need. OSA I don't need. OSA. Well, I want to be careful though, because like the point of this is not to teach people necessarily. I got to, I got to draw that line. Ramon does great work with like free code camp and stuff. So I'm very open to names, but I want to set the right. And ambassadors
I don't need. OSA. Well, I want to be careful though, because like the point of this is not to teach people necessarily. I got to, I got to draw that line. Ramon does great work with like free code camp and stuff. So I'm very open to names, but I want to set the right. And ambassadors And ambassadors. Now I just want to come up with something that's an a ambassador. Evangelist. No, evangelist is an e. Ramon, I have, I have approved your poll request, but we still have some test failing. So I think that's the first one that's on us for
And ambassadors. Now I just want to come up with something that's an a ambassador. Evangelist. No, evangelist is an e. Ramon, I have, I have approved your poll request, but we still have some test failing. So I think that's the first one that's on us for What we should have done there is run the individual tests that we thought were failing, but then run all the unit tests that wants to see if there were like other files. But I think that's good enough. Like we showed the draft PR process, you know, we can wrap this one up pretty easily
What we should have done there is run the individual tests that we thought were failing, but then run all the unit tests that wants to see if there were like other files. But I think that's good enough. Like we showed the draft PR process, you know, we can wrap this one up pretty easily We just have to make some more of those adjustments in the test files. And then we can merge the PRM once that check passes. Same here. We covered a lot. We did a lot. I'm like go team like. Very full. Y'all get a ton. Yeah, I think this is great. Like I'm so glad, Jen
We just have to make some more of those adjustments in the test files. And then we can merge the PRM once that check passes. Same here. We covered a lot. We did a lot. I'm like go team like. Very full. Y'all get a ton. Yeah, I think this is great. Like I'm so glad, Jen It's like so nice to have this automatically uploaded to your YouTube channel. And hopefully we can get that going with D.A.s as well. So thank you. Yeah. Making a playlist. And we do need to talk about like starting to do like chapter reviews and stuff. So people can do that
It's like so nice to have this automatically uploaded to your YouTube channel. And hopefully we can get that going with D.A.s as well. So thank you. Yeah. Making a playlist. And we do need to talk about like starting to do like chapter reviews and stuff. So people can do that So maybe that's something we can put it. I'm just curious about where we may want to track this. And to something that Ramon showed me. And. But I think it would be a team of just like if we have people that will go through and maybe do like a PR
So maybe that's something we can put it. I'm just curious about where we may want to track this. And to something that Ramon showed me. And. But I think it would be a team of just like if we have people that will go through and maybe do like a PR Or an issue to be like, hey, review this video and give us chapters. And like time comes for things that are really important. Because like I'll edit it. I just don't want to review two hours. The video when I have my own strings to do. Yeah, totally
Or an issue to be like, hey, review this video and give us chapters. And like time comes for things that are really important. Because like I'll edit it. I just don't want to review two hours. The video when I have my own strings to do. Yeah, totally Yeah, totally. And I think that this is like a great example of like, you know, one of those like more maintainer a tracks, right? There's so many stuff that like we'd love to do. But we're all very busy people. And so having someone go through the depth champions program
Yeah, totally. And I think that this is like a great example of like, you know, one of those like more maintainer a tracks, right? There's so many stuff that like we'd love to do. But we're all very busy people. And so having someone go through the depth champions program And their point is to look at the world. And then we get to the point that we're doing. And then we're going to do the same thing we've done a lot before. In the case like those chapter reviews, right? Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. No, I love it
And their point is to look at the world. And then we get to the point that we're doing. And then we're going to do the same thing we've done a lot before. In the case like those chapter reviews, right? Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. No, I love it No, I love it. Should we call it for the day everybody? Thank you so much to all of you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much for the day everybody
No, I love it. Should we call it for the day everybody? Thank you so much to all of you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much for the day everybody Thank you so much to our wonderful audience who's joined us for this extra half hour. And I'm just thrilled that like the what a great idea. And go through all the basics new year, new us, right? Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Thank you both. I appreciate it. And I know you'll be streaming next week
Thank you so much to our wonderful audience who's joined us for this extra half hour. And I'm just thrilled that like the what a great idea. And go through all the basics new year, new us, right? Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Thank you both. I appreciate it. And I know you'll be streaming next week And something that is on my own to do list of with updating my site is to add my stream. And I have my stream schedule on it. And that will have distributed stuff. So wonderful. Yay. Thank you all for joining. Thank you both for joining me on this journey as always
And something that is on my own to do list of with updating my site is to add my stream. And I have my stream schedule on it. And that will have distributed stuff. So wonderful. Yay. Thank you all for joining. Thank you both for joining me on this journey as always And have a great rest of your day. Yeah. Thanks for your time. Thank you.
And have a great rest of your day. Yeah. Thanks for your time. Thank you.