Hello beautiful humans. Welcome to another episode of Teach Gen Tech with Misk Mondays. Whatever show we're on. Whatever whatever we're doing. We're doing Misk Mondays today This is this is what we're doing and with Laura and we have a guest Ramon and I think I'm just rushing through this a because it's been like a crazy day but also I want to know what the chef is. Right. Hi everybody
This is this is what we're doing and with Laura and we have a guest Ramon and I think I'm just rushing through this a because it's been like a crazy day but also I want to know what the chef is. Right. Hi everybody Hi everybody. As we were as you can tell we we started streaming eight minutes after we supposed to and that was on me because I was just coming out of a call and I really needed to make some tea and as we were chatting I mentioned that there's a group of states
Hi everybody. As we were as you can tell we we started streaming eight minutes after we supposed to and that was on me because I was just coming out of a call and I really needed to make some tea and as we were chatting I mentioned that there's a group of states If you look from Louisiana up to Minnesota if you look at the outline it kind of looks like a chef looking to the right. I have I have a I have a link here. For laughing squid. In fact they say that Kentucky kind of looks like he's holding a frying pan. Oh I'm gonna zoom out a little bit
If you look from Louisiana up to Minnesota if you look at the outline it kind of looks like a chef looking to the right. I have I have a I have a link here. For laughing squid. In fact they say that Kentucky kind of looks like he's holding a frying pan. Oh I'm gonna zoom out a little bit Just just to note this is what I has been shared with me. Here we go. Chef. Click on the link. It's got it. Put it in the private chat. Yeah. Please please please is help because if it a if it just goes to one channel it doesn't go to all channels and it also doesn't let you
Just just to note this is what I has been shared with me. Here we go. Chef. Click on the link. It's got it. Put it in the private chat. Yeah. Please please please is help because if it a if it just goes to one channel it doesn't go to all channels and it also doesn't let you Oh that's helpful that is helpful. That is. Oh say I was looking at it the wrong way around. Kentucky is the chicken. Which it should be because Kentucky fried chicken. Right. Oh okay. Yeah I'm putting them next to each other. I can see it now
Oh that's helpful that is helpful. That is. Oh say I was looking at it the wrong way around. Kentucky is the chicken. Which it should be because Kentucky fried chicken. Right. Oh okay. Yeah I'm putting them next to each other. I can see it now I can see it now. But so you're telling me you hadn't heard of this before. No no. I can't where I saw it. This is the reparks of having international friends y'all. The most random things about the states that I've never heard of and it's like it happens all the time
I can see it now. But so you're telling me you hadn't heard of this before. No no. I can't where I saw it. This is the reparks of having international friends y'all. The most random things about the states that I've never heard of and it's like it happens all the time They'll be like hey did you know this and I'm like that's a thing. Oh. US history. I get schooled on US history all the time. By people that are not from here. It's like the the the the list of really weird laws in certain states that are still in effect. Oh. You know these right
They'll be like hey did you know this and I'm like that's a thing. Oh. US history. I get schooled on US history all the time. By people that are not from here. It's like the the the the list of really weird laws in certain states that are still in effect. Oh. You know these right And I'm not talking about institutionally institutionally like harmful ones. I'm talking just like literally weird ones like. There's one of them where you like you're not allowed to carry custard in your pockets in some state or something like this. Anyway sorry to take us on a completely
And I'm not talking about institutionally institutionally like harmful ones. I'm talking just like literally weird ones like. There's one of them where you like you're not allowed to carry custard in your pockets in some state or something like this. Anyway sorry to take us on a completely I guess this really is. This is what we do. A pandemic project of mine was to get really good at well to get better at geography. And so doing doing quizzes so that I could do like actually put all the names on the states and I could find all the countries
I guess this really is. This is what we do. A pandemic project of mine was to get really good at well to get better at geography. And so doing doing quizzes so that I could do like actually put all the names on the states and I could find all the countries Well I say all there are a lot of tiny islands. And I I don't have all those. I can roughly say like which ones are from a group of tiny islands in the like neighborhood ish of like Papua New Guinea. Those sort of islands. And then the islands that are in the neighborhood of say Jamaica
Well I say all there are a lot of tiny islands. And I I don't have all those. I can roughly say like which ones are from a group of tiny islands in the like neighborhood ish of like Papua New Guinea. Those sort of islands. And then the islands that are in the neighborhood of say Jamaica And I can kind of do those those I can be like okay I think you belong to this group or that group
And I can kind of do those those I can be like okay I think you belong to this group or that group But other than that I mostly I don't I don't know I know that like Trinidad and Tobago those are those are in the like I am north of Brazil sort of region but there's there's like a curving line of them. And they're like 15 of them
But other than that I mostly I don't I don't know I know that like Trinidad and Tobago those are those are in the like I am north of Brazil sort of region but there's there's like a curving line of them. And they're like 15 of them And I couldn't I can't tell you anymore which one is which I could for a minute. Fair enough. And I feel like this is like the perks of this Monday is the most random shit we learn. And you are doing a lot better than I am Laura. Like I was like I can barely like like it's their stuff out there
And I couldn't I can't tell you anymore which one is which I could for a minute. Fair enough. And I feel like this is like the perks of this Monday is the most random shit we learn. And you are doing a lot better than I am Laura. Like I was like I can barely like like it's their stuff out there I'll go explore it. It'll be fun. You know I never really gotten to world but I did really get into world. I haven't heard of world. So you get a silhouette of a of a country or a what is it called? The state territory or territory. I think it's a territory or entity of a place anyway
I'll go explore it. It'll be fun. You know I never really gotten to world but I did really get into world. I haven't heard of world. So you get a silhouette of a of a country or a what is it called? The state territory or territory. I think it's a territory or entity of a place anyway And you type in like you type in say I don't know type in Austria and then it's like well you're actually 4,000 kilometers south or well not south but north of this. Oh okay. And I liked it. That one. Y'all I couldn't find where to where to play wordle. I think it's on the New York Times now
And you type in like you type in say I don't know type in Austria and then it's like well you're actually 4,000 kilometers south or well not south but north of this. Oh okay. And I liked it. That one. Y'all I couldn't find where to where to play wordle. I think it's on the New York Times now Is it because this is something that I honestly had. I was like I kept seeing everybody play wordle and then I'd google it and it just didn't show up. And I was I was very annoyed. And I'm just paced. Oh that's not where I meant to paste it. Pacing them all in the chat so they go to all of us
Is it because this is something that I honestly had. I was like I kept seeing everybody play wordle and then I'd google it and it just didn't show up. And I was I was very annoyed. And I'm just paced. Oh that's not where I meant to paste it. Pacing them all in the chat so they go to all of us We wait now I almost did the same one again. All right so I know we're just so that we people know why we're here. As well as our random handouts and starting rates. We I'm Jen and if you're watching on my show I'm teach Gentek and yesterday we hit past 200 followers. Very excited about that
We wait now I almost did the same one again. All right so I know we're just so that we people know why we're here. As well as our random handouts and starting rates. We I'm Jen and if you're watching on my show I'm teach Gentek and yesterday we hit past 200 followers. Very excited about that Congratulations. Hey I'm teach Gentek. Yeah yeah fabulous. And that's fabulous. Pretty much that. And also we Laura the way this show started is Laura came on well Ramon came on teach Gentek and we learned about an API. That's about all I remember
Congratulations. Hey I'm teach Gentek. Yeah yeah fabulous. And that's fabulous. Pretty much that. And also we Laura the way this show started is Laura came on well Ramon came on teach Gentek and we learned about an API. That's about all I remember And we became friends and then he was like Laura it should be on your show. It's cool and Laura might just hit it off and realized we're not great at just talking about Python. So we started Missk Monday
And we became friends and then he was like Laura it should be on your show. It's cool and Laura might just hit it off and realized we're not great at just talking about Python. So we started Missk Monday We just talked about some reenactment to get our week started and it it makes my week so lovely because then I get all the shenanigans of how much I dread the week out because I look forward to talking to Laura
We just talked about some reenactment to get our week started and it it makes my week so lovely because then I get all the shenanigans of how much I dread the week out because I look forward to talking to Laura And Ramon's here to talk to us about OBS because it is a pretty well pretty big tool that makes rooming more level up and it's something that Laura and I both want to learn about. So Ramon is our first guest on Missk Mondays and second appearance of our first guest
And Ramon's here to talk to us about OBS because it is a pretty well pretty big tool that makes rooming more level up and it's something that Laura and I both want to learn about. So Ramon is our first guest on Missk Mondays and second appearance of our first guest Yeah first guest second appearance. Very true very true and yeah I just want to make sure we have that announced so anybody that has joined us with part that was what we're doing today. Well thank you both so much for having me here
Yeah first guest second appearance. Very true very true and yeah I just want to make sure we have that announced so anybody that has joined us with part that was what we're doing today. Well thank you both so much for having me here If you're watching on my stream I'm joining Jen and Laura's Missk Mondays and we are cross-collabbing here so it's really cool. Last week I came on and Tia from the Abagon says hi to Ramon and people I don't know
If you're watching on my stream I'm joining Jen and Laura's Missk Mondays and we are cross-collabbing here so it's really cool. Last week I came on and Tia from the Abagon says hi to Ramon and people I don't know Do you want to both tell us a little bit about yourselves? I want to give you the opportunity too. Laura you can go first. Okay hi I'm Laura I am oh I was going to to like a launch into what has become like my traditional spiel but my job title just changed
Do you want to both tell us a little bit about yourselves? I want to give you the opportunity too. Laura you can go first. Okay hi I'm Laura I am oh I was going to to like a launch into what has become like my traditional spiel but my job title just changed I am no longer a technical writer at Swearwell Institutes. I own now a developer advocate at Swearwell Software Systems. I was going to say it last week and I totally forgot because I don't think we did the like intro spiels
I am no longer a technical writer at Swearwell Institutes. I own now a developer advocate at Swearwell Software Systems. I was going to say it last week and I totally forgot because I don't think we did the like intro spiels And I was a math professor until just over a year ago and I also work with Ramon at Swearwell Software Systems. I do things. So many things. I'm going to write this down. Oh my god
And I was a math professor until just over a year ago and I also work with Ramon at Swearwell Software Systems. I do things. So many things. I'm going to write this down. Oh my god Oh my god. What do I do? I am a podcast host when I put out more episodes of shit you don't want to talk and I love talking about shitty topics
Oh my god. What do I do? I am a podcast host when I put out more episodes of shit you don't want to talk and I love talking about shitty topics Yes I will talk about poop but I also talk about and how conversations about racial biases, homelessness which should be called houselessness because it's not necessarily that they don't have a home and also just a lot of really difficult topics like we've talked about death on the wild gas
Yes I will talk about poop but I also talk about and how conversations about racial biases, homelessness which should be called houselessness because it's not necessarily that they don't have a home and also just a lot of really difficult topics like we've talked about death on the wild gas And then I also and we were into tech
And then I also and we were into tech So I started this live stream called Teach Gen Tech and I've been learning how to code and currently working on my website which has become quite disastrous and super fun and I am also a developer advocate looking for work so please hire me and I'm an MC doing view nation this week
So I started this live stream called Teach Gen Tech and I've been learning how to code and currently working on my website which has become quite disastrous and super fun and I am also a developer advocate looking for work so please hire me and I'm an MC doing view nation this week Oh we got a link for that. We do we do. I will link it here shortly and I host a Twitter space every Wednesday called accept this Wednesday because I'm MC called Mental Health and Neurodiversity in tech. I think that is all I do. Oh Jay yes I need to reply to PJ actually
Oh we got a link for that. We do we do. I will link it here shortly and I host a Twitter space every Wednesday called accept this Wednesday because I'm MC called Mental Health and Neurodiversity in tech. I think that is all I do. Oh Jay yes I need to reply to PJ actually I might have some freelance work to do with PJ and I need to work on an article and I forgot to email him back so I'm going to put that on my to-do list of email pday. Awesome
I might have some freelance work to do with PJ and I need to work on an article and I forgot to email him back so I'm going to put that on my to-do list of email pday. Awesome Awesome. Gen mentioned the neurodiversity Twitter spaces that you do and that reminded me that I have not taken my meds today and so I'm going to be right back
Awesome. Gen mentioned the neurodiversity Twitter spaces that you do and that reminded me that I have not taken my meds today and so I'm going to be right back Do you way continue in my lesson? Yes that being said that is something that I really like about the people that come on the stream and the conversations we started having is which show up as we are like we were all like okay Laura's on time
Do you way continue in my lesson? Yes that being said that is something that I really like about the people that come on the stream and the conversations we started having is which show up as we are like we were all like okay Laura's on time Laura's almost always on time like Laura's normally like the most punctual person I know and then there's me who especially with people I stream with regularly even people that okay I shouldn't say that I'm just really bad at being on time for streaming and so it was basically I was running late, remote was running late but it was mostly me because I even forgot to double check with remote and we also I forget to tell people that they're coming on the show
Laura's almost always on time like Laura's normally like the most punctual person I know and then there's me who especially with people I stream with regularly even people that okay I shouldn't say that I'm just really bad at being on time for streaming and so it was basically I was running late, remote was running late but it was mostly me because I even forgot to double check with remote and we also I forget to tell people that they're coming on the show I make plans for people in my head and then don't tell them about it. It's my friend Danae. I've done this for her so many times and I'm like hey we're hanging out Sunday right and she's like we are. I feel you. We are. If she's free because I forgot to tell her
I make plans for people in my head and then don't tell them about it. It's my friend Danae. I've done this for her so many times and I'm like hey we're hanging out Sunday right and she's like we are. I feel you. We are. If she's free because I forgot to tell her And that is something I think is so beautiful about embracing neurodiversity is and for those who may be new to the term I'm going to go with my own terminology for it
And that is something I think is so beautiful about embracing neurodiversity is and for those who may be new to the term I'm going to go with my own terminology for it Neurodiversity or neurodivergent is something that can be can be summed up is just not being atypical but is mostly in what I think more of it is when you may have different mental health things. I wouldn't say challenges
Neurodiversity or neurodivergent is something that can be can be summed up is just not being atypical but is mostly in what I think more of it is when you may have different mental health things. I wouldn't say challenges I like things such as it can be autism ADHD those are something I think a lot of people think about when they hear neurodivergent or neurodivergency. What I consider it as is anything from depression, anxiety, PTSD, bipolar
I like things such as it can be autism ADHD those are something I think a lot of people think about when they hear neurodivergent or neurodivergency. What I consider it as is anything from depression, anxiety, PTSD, bipolar I'm just naming all the ones that I have and I can think of but it's this very big umbrella of just not saying that we all have to be like exactly the same
I'm just naming all the ones that I have and I can think of but it's this very big umbrella of just not saying that we all have to be like exactly the same We all have like our different quirks and learning to embrace them instead of shutting them down and the car just said brain works and processes in a way that is considered typical. Yes anything that's not that. So I love hanging out with this crew. Yeah it's fun
We all have like our different quirks and learning to embrace them instead of shutting them down and the car just said brain works and processes in a way that is considered typical. Yes anything that's not that. So I love hanging out with this crew. Yeah it's fun Yeah it's fun. And be remount for lures in my stream. Would you like to introduce yourself please? Cool. Alright I'll give it a try. My name is Demon
Yeah it's fun. And be remount for lures in my stream. Would you like to introduce yourself please? Cool. Alright I'll give it a try. My name is Demon My name is Demon. I am a developer advocate part time at support bitters software systems with Laura and where I mostly do web assembly and extension extensibility advocacy. In my in my spare time I also consult as a developer advocate
My name is Demon. I am a developer advocate part time at support bitters software systems with Laura and where I mostly do web assembly and extension extensibility advocacy. In my in my spare time I also consult as a developer advocate I do a little bit of I do a lot of developer education and essentially spend a lot of my time trying to to enable others to succeed in tech. It's something that I like both of us in fact. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's true. It's true. This is what we're doing today right? For me. Yeah
I do a little bit of I do a lot of developer education and essentially spend a lot of my time trying to to enable others to succeed in tech. It's something that I like both of us in fact. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's true. It's true. This is what we're doing today right? For me. Yeah Yeah. Ramona's the reason I started my stream. Well that's right. I mean all I said was all I did was be like hey you should stream and then you went with it. Yeah. So that's on you
Yeah. Ramona's the reason I started my stream. Well that's right. I mean all I said was all I did was be like hey you should stream and then you went with it. Yeah. So that's on you So that's on you. Yes sorry y'all I'm trying to get all over links and when it goes to our pages it will auto play is some orbital hiring. Good I was just gonna find a break to bring that up. We're not hiring at the moment. We're nearly stage start up. Watch the space. Sorry that's all I can say
So that's on you. Yes sorry y'all I'm trying to get all over links and when it goes to our pages it will auto play is some orbital hiring. Good I was just gonna find a break to bring that up. We're not hiring at the moment. We're nearly stage start up. Watch the space. Sorry that's all I can say Unless I miss something Laura I don't think I did. We're not unhiring which is being a really big theme recently. Yes. Oh you were knocking on wood and I'm like who's there? Sorry sorry to everybody with good microphones I'm sorry
Unless I miss something Laura I don't think I did. We're not unhiring which is being a really big theme recently. Yes. Oh you were knocking on wood and I'm like who's there? Sorry sorry to everybody with good microphones I'm sorry Yeah from the back I think I'm also told me to start programming streams and I haven't like look you don't have to you can it's good fun. I find it a good way to be able to like learning public and like get better at understanding certain concepts
Yeah from the back I think I'm also told me to start programming streams and I haven't like look you don't have to you can it's good fun. I find it a good way to be able to like learning public and like get better at understanding certain concepts Getting stuck and showing your problem solving process is something that I find really valuable. And really quick last but not least before we get started. Oh I put it in the private chat. Hold on there there we go they they they got posted
Getting stuck and showing your problem solving process is something that I find really valuable. And really quick last but not least before we get started. Oh I put it in the private chat. Hold on there there we go they they they got posted That is all of our channels if you could go follow all of us or you know share our stuff and things because we're cool. You know well is here tell people your new friends is super helpful. Good to see you know well with one L. Hope you're doing one good. I feel like I'm in a well forever
That is all of our channels if you could go follow all of us or you know share our stuff and things because we're cool. You know well is here tell people your new friends is super helpful. Good to see you know well with one L. Hope you're doing one good. I feel like I'm in a well forever I'm not sure that I've met NOL before. My favorite people in think. NOL is doing nice. I'm I'm just gonna gonna hijack this the conversation back to the topic of neurodiversity for a second because I am coining a new term. I accidentally I dropped a link in the private chat
I'm not sure that I've met NOL before. My favorite people in think. NOL is doing nice. I'm I'm just gonna gonna hijack this the conversation back to the topic of neurodiversity for a second because I am coining a new term. I accidentally I dropped a link in the private chat I can I'm not sure where I should put it instead. But I accidentally saw I misread the word neurodiverse as neuroverse like universe but for neuro and I just loved it and so I am coining that term. We are we are all members literally all like including people who we also refer to as neuro typical
I can I'm not sure where I should put it instead. But I accidentally saw I misread the word neurodiverse as neuroverse like universe but for neuro and I just loved it and so I am coining that term. We are we are all members literally all like including people who we also refer to as neuro typical I don't think that there is like that that would sort of imply a statistical like center that I don't think exists. Yeah yeah yeah and so so I think that this is more inclusive of literally everyone
I don't think that there is like that that would sort of imply a statistical like center that I don't think exists. Yeah yeah yeah and so so I think that this is more inclusive of literally everyone We are all members of the neuroverse and you know the little like you are here posters that they make of of our universe will like of like a bit of our universe will say like you are here whatever and so like there will be and it's a multidimensional space right like we're not talking about like us spectrum because that's a two-dimensional space and that doesn't make any sense for brains
We are all members of the neuroverse and you know the little like you are here posters that they make of of our universe will like of like a bit of our universe will say like you are here whatever and so like there will be and it's a multidimensional space right like we're not talking about like us spectrum because that's a two-dimensional space and that doesn't make any sense for brains I think brains are actually more than three dimensions as well but anyway at least three definitely not two and so everybody has their own little spot in the neuroverse
I think brains are actually more than three dimensions as well but anyway at least three definitely not two and so everybody has their own little spot in the neuroverse I dig it yeah I dig it that's fantastic and thank you Laura for sharing because that is a I bet it's in all of the chats now in case anybody missed it but definitely also go follow Laura on hack it arm. Mastodon and hack it arm is the server that I'm on on mastodon
I dig it yeah I dig it that's fantastic and thank you Laura for sharing because that is a I bet it's in all of the chats now in case anybody missed it but definitely also go follow Laura on hack it arm. Mastodon and hack it arm is the server that I'm on on mastodon Did I talk to you in the right of you? Oh well do you mean like in the last three seconds because I haven't checked that but no like the one I sent you earlier. Yeah okay that's good because it randomly check there's you all have like a million accounts
Did I talk to you in the right of you? Oh well do you mean like in the last three seconds because I haven't checked that but no like the one I sent you earlier. Yeah okay that's good because it randomly check there's you all have like a million accounts Who's y'all here? You both have multiple mastodonic counts so I'm like I don't know who to add
Who's y'all here? You both have multiple mastodonic counts so I'm like I don't know who to add Someone somebody well several somebody is actually on mastodon have made like aggregators I guess that somehow like make accounts like there's one that's like bird or side or something like that and like there are a whole bunch of different ones and so it'll be like pulling people in from from Twitter um but they're not those people's actual accounts
Someone somebody well several somebody is actually on mastodon have made like aggregators I guess that somehow like make accounts like there's one that's like bird or side or something like that and like there are a whole bunch of different ones and so it'll be like pulling people in from from Twitter um but they're not those people's actual accounts It's frustrating it's a little confusing uh mastodon's confusing in general. I'm going to do it but yeah we are ending going to end up going down another tangent so I'm going to pause us let's pause and go into OBS go remote. Look what I have assertively done. Good job
It's frustrating it's a little confusing uh mastodon's confusing in general. I'm going to do it but yeah we are ending going to end up going down another tangent so I'm going to pause us let's pause and go into OBS go remote. Look what I have assertively done. Good job Good job. Do we do we because last week I joined the stream. I had a really good time explaining to you a little bit of the basics of of uh mastodon
Good job. Do we do we because last week I joined the stream. I had a really good time explaining to you a little bit of the basics of of uh mastodon Do we want to uh sorry I'm mastodon OBS see I can't even um the thing we're doing today yeah whatever I like it whatever do we want to recap a little yeah yeah yeah cool yeah then in that case I'm going to need a browser window so excuse me wait I could have stuck there hold up folks hold up folks hold up hold gonna bring that back and I'm gonna open a new chrome window and look at look at what I'm gonna well you're doing that uh Noel said my biggest barrier to joining uh mastodon is that you don't quite understand which server to join fair fair because I joined a server and then it shut down or never loaded it was a nightmare and uh Derbon is that how I say it
Do we want to uh sorry I'm mastodon OBS see I can't even um the thing we're doing today yeah whatever I like it whatever do we want to recap a little yeah yeah yeah cool yeah then in that case I'm going to need a browser window so excuse me wait I could have stuck there hold up folks hold up folks hold up hold gonna bring that back and I'm gonna open a new chrome window and look at look at what I'm gonna well you're doing that uh Noel said my biggest barrier to joining uh mastodon is that you don't quite understand which server to join fair fair because I joined a server and then it shut down or never loaded it was a nightmare and uh Derbon is that how I say it yeah fun Devvon uh red uh red somewhere that the person who created the script service open sourced it and now there are multiple Twitter and mastodon things although they don't want to use it anymore interesting interesting all right well cool so I'm gonna do a crash course on what based on what we did last week um oh sorry I got distracted it's all bit said really wonderfully the term neuroverse sounds more inclusive and descriptive than the linear spectrum and I dig it that's what I felt like yeah cool this time we got it oh yes open broadcaster software it is a piece of software that an open source piece of software that we use to be able to both stream to different channels like youtube twitch linkedin live twitter whatever it's called and uh and of course twitch and we that is open source that runs on our computer folks if you're wondering what we're doing right now to stream we're streaming from the browser in a in a in a web app called stream yard differences between the two can vary stream yard is not free obs is free because it's open source stream yard uses resources from the cloud obs uses resources from your computer so if you want to be a little bit mindful of your computer resources you want to stick to uh to stream yard for example um stream sorry stream yard is very fixed in things like what we can do with like layout right for example I can drag and drop and rearrange Laura and Jenna myself we can do all this good stuff but it's fixed to this um on this access we also have a little bit of like rearranging we can do for example we can do this look we can make my false my screen sharing full screen we can do this which can be a little bit alarming um at first we can have just Jen we can have the three of us so like in in terms of of streaming lingo we would call this perhaps scenes or layouts right how do you rearrange us though drag and drop yeah yeah so this is a little bit off topic from what it's possible with uh with accidental face zoom yeah it's like when you open your phone camera and you like accidentally have it on like the the front facing camera and you're like you're off it's like early in the morning um yeah anyway sorry completely off topic um right so this is very fixed obs gives us a lot more flexibility so that's what I want to demonstrate to you today so I'm just gonna bring my screen back um in case you're wondering how I'm doing this uh Laura Jen and I on StreamYard have these admin powers that let us do it here's the other thing though StreamYard gives you that very easy like bring on a guest and chat with him functionality that's not as easy with StreamYard more on that uh on obs more on that later so what I you are seeing now is my obs setup um I was actually just recording a video so yes StreamYard oh sorry I need to get this out of my head obs also lets you record video which is something that I do quite often I was doing a little like hey come join us next week at JS Conchile because I'm speaking there I'm actually going to Chile for the first time since 2007 completely off topic I'm very excited yeah link link link uh yes let's get that up in just a second sorry folks I'm gonna have a bit of a mess going on here I might have to ah fantastic so what you see here at the bottom left oh good you can't see my mouse cursor at the bottom left here you've got my scenes remember I was talking about these before and these are customized so you can see they're not perfectly aligned that's because the perfect is the enemy of good of the good that's my workflow um but what does it let me have it let's me have my webcam which you see there fantastic you can see that I can have the chat here I use an app called chatorino that's with two T's which um generous Laura I hope you don't mind please linking for me chatorino for displaying your chat on your server now you can see this is my twitch chat would you see nobody's really talking right now just like it's not obligation you don't have to chat if you don't want to why do I have my chat on my stream here's the thing when you're streaming to say twitch uh genders popped into say how you can see it showed up thank you Jen no L saying chat now here's the thing if there is a 30-ish second delay between twitch and no me what I say and the chat coming through so what does that mean if I have the chat on my stream then y'all can see what I see which is what I which is something I find helpful I also like having there for say uh recordings of my of my stream if I want to keep a recording of the chat as well well loan behold there it is now this this design that you see on the top this is just a design that I brought in from canva it's an image it's a still image that I keep there that just has my I haven't streamed in a while so I don't know if I'd want to keep my twitter handle there but you get my point um i see you can see I can see what defund in bag and said um yeah off topic if you're interested in the twitter bots on mastodon um because of course one thing that stream yard does that is quite nice it lets you click on comments and highlight them of course that's not possible from a like a fresh installation of OBS so back to OBS I'm so sorry I'm all over the place um let's talk about this big blank space you see here usually what I would have here is my browser of course I've closed the browser window so I kind of need to like uh mess around with it to get it back let me see real quick so you can see I've got a way too many wait too many windows open on my computer but I can pick one here and now you're gonna see I need to rearrange that a little bit so there you can see my OBS and this is kind of how I would do it usually when I'm streaming how we doing so far really good uh I'm just happy that um we have links to the twitter bots on mastodon I will link those to the rest of the streams and also um we have the chaterino and also like um I personally like show my dot chat because it's uh Ben Myers oh and it is pretty cool like um and I say this because I've gotten some OBS stuff just not much but I got this far and then I kind of got frustrated so um yes please continue yeah yeah so as you can see a lot of this is pretty ad hoc and like hold on I got to read I'm literally resizing my my chrome windows so that it goes all the way to the bottom so none of this is pixel perfect again enemy perfect good all that um so this is one scene and you can see here at the if I go over from the scenes to the list of sources all of these are different things that I put onto my scene and these can be a window capture which you see highlighted here an audio output capture audio for example when I'm playing music that I want to play on my stream goes through OBS back into the stream does that make sense
yeah fun Devvon uh red uh red somewhere that the person who created the script service open sourced it and now there are multiple Twitter and mastodon things although they don't want to use it anymore interesting interesting all right well cool so I'm gonna do a crash course on what based on what we did last week um oh sorry I got distracted it's all bit said really wonderfully the term neuroverse sounds more inclusive and descriptive than the linear spectrum and I dig it that's what I felt like yeah cool this time we got it oh yes open broadcaster software it is a piece of software that an open source piece of software that we use to be able to both stream to different channels like youtube twitch linkedin live twitter whatever it's called and uh and of course twitch and we that is open source that runs on our computer folks if you're wondering what we're doing right now to stream we're streaming from the browser in a in a in a web app called stream yard differences between the two can vary stream yard is not free obs is free because it's open source stream yard uses resources from the cloud obs uses resources from your computer so if you want to be a little bit mindful of your computer resources you want to stick to uh to stream yard for example um stream sorry stream yard is very fixed in things like what we can do with like layout right for example I can drag and drop and rearrange Laura and Jenna myself we can do all this good stuff but it's fixed to this um on this access we also have a little bit of like rearranging we can do for example we can do this look we can make my false my screen sharing full screen we can do this which can be a little bit alarming um at first we can have just Jen we can have the three of us so like in in terms of of streaming lingo we would call this perhaps scenes or layouts right how do you rearrange us though drag and drop yeah yeah so this is a little bit off topic from what it's possible with uh with accidental face zoom yeah it's like when you open your phone camera and you like accidentally have it on like the the front facing camera and you're like you're off it's like early in the morning um yeah anyway sorry completely off topic um right so this is very fixed obs gives us a lot more flexibility so that's what I want to demonstrate to you today so I'm just gonna bring my screen back um in case you're wondering how I'm doing this uh Laura Jen and I on StreamYard have these admin powers that let us do it here's the other thing though StreamYard gives you that very easy like bring on a guest and chat with him functionality that's not as easy with StreamYard more on that uh on obs more on that later so what I you are seeing now is my obs setup um I was actually just recording a video so yes StreamYard oh sorry I need to get this out of my head obs also lets you record video which is something that I do quite often I was doing a little like hey come join us next week at JS Conchile because I'm speaking there I'm actually going to Chile for the first time since 2007 completely off topic I'm very excited yeah link link link uh yes let's get that up in just a second sorry folks I'm gonna have a bit of a mess going on here I might have to ah fantastic so what you see here at the bottom left oh good you can't see my mouse cursor at the bottom left here you've got my scenes remember I was talking about these before and these are customized so you can see they're not perfectly aligned that's because the perfect is the enemy of good of the good that's my workflow um but what does it let me have it let's me have my webcam which you see there fantastic you can see that I can have the chat here I use an app called chatorino that's with two T's which um generous Laura I hope you don't mind please linking for me chatorino for displaying your chat on your server now you can see this is my twitch chat would you see nobody's really talking right now just like it's not obligation you don't have to chat if you don't want to why do I have my chat on my stream here's the thing when you're streaming to say twitch uh genders popped into say how you can see it showed up thank you Jen no L saying chat now here's the thing if there is a 30-ish second delay between twitch and no me what I say and the chat coming through so what does that mean if I have the chat on my stream then y'all can see what I see which is what I which is something I find helpful I also like having there for say uh recordings of my of my stream if I want to keep a recording of the chat as well well loan behold there it is now this this design that you see on the top this is just a design that I brought in from canva it's an image it's a still image that I keep there that just has my I haven't streamed in a while so I don't know if I'd want to keep my twitter handle there but you get my point um i see you can see I can see what defund in bag and said um yeah off topic if you're interested in the twitter bots on mastodon um because of course one thing that stream yard does that is quite nice it lets you click on comments and highlight them of course that's not possible from a like a fresh installation of OBS so back to OBS I'm so sorry I'm all over the place um let's talk about this big blank space you see here usually what I would have here is my browser of course I've closed the browser window so I kind of need to like uh mess around with it to get it back let me see real quick so you can see I've got a way too many wait too many windows open on my computer but I can pick one here and now you're gonna see I need to rearrange that a little bit so there you can see my OBS and this is kind of how I would do it usually when I'm streaming how we doing so far really good uh I'm just happy that um we have links to the twitter bots on mastodon I will link those to the rest of the streams and also um we have the chaterino and also like um I personally like show my dot chat because it's uh Ben Myers oh and it is pretty cool like um and I say this because I've gotten some OBS stuff just not much but I got this far and then I kind of got frustrated so um yes please continue yeah yeah so as you can see a lot of this is pretty ad hoc and like hold on I got to read I'm literally resizing my my chrome windows so that it goes all the way to the bottom so none of this is pixel perfect again enemy perfect good all that um so this is one scene and you can see here at the if I go over from the scenes to the list of sources all of these are different things that I put onto my scene and these can be a window capture which you see highlighted here an audio output capture audio for example when I'm playing music that I want to play on my stream goes through OBS back into the stream does that make sense Yeah so that's streaming my audio output I've got a piece of text here called OC more on that in a minute let's see what else we got color source have that like a little purple background we've got the chat window we've got video capture device that's me hello we've got audio input capture you see it's capturing my microphone you can select which microphone you want to stream from you can put in several microphones if you're feeling fancy you can put in central webcams if you're feeling fancy um let's see what else we got and my background image of course and you can see as I talk here in the audio mixer you can see yeah it's doing the little audio mixing thing and if I were to play some audio and stream it through it would do that as well so let's talk about OC for a second that's short for open captions this is a third party plugin that I installed onto stream oh I can do this here through OBS uh OBS closed captioning plugin little bits is repeating myself from last week so I apologize if you've already seen this but I think it's good to be I have the link from last week yeah ah wonderful thank you there you go yes uh highly recommend this so how does this work um you can set it up to accept a source of audio this can be all audio it can be just your audio now I'm not gonna start streaming because I'm already streaming from a stream yard but I'm gonna start a voice recording you're gonna see what's gonna happen hello I am recording a video and it's recording captions for me it's not perfect we saw last week that when I tried speaking Spanish it kind of gave up you can pick a language in the options though which is cool and this works with google speech to text so it you know turns your speech into text so I'm gonna stop that this is also um sending closed captions which you saw here were open captions meaning that they're embedded into the video but of course you also have the possibility of doing closed captions that are built into twitch so you have both options which I think is nice but Karis so has got a question do you think there's a clear advantage in using OBS or stream yard for streaming live music so this is music that you're performing I assume or is it like you'll have to forgive me I'm not very knowledgeable are you like it the Karis case I would assume so yeah I think it's him streaming because he also sings uh and he does do it see if I can talk on tick talk wow we're cool cool cool we also follow the Karis on the tick talks on the tick talks yes and this year your tick talk if you want to get followed like no stress if you don't want to um so well the reason I ask define that it because for example if you want to do sophisticated things like having one window per for example yeah yeah like this right live looping and all that if you want to have all that um you can have like one window per like one window capture per I don't know for like logic pro I don't know what folks are using nowadays or for your uh let's say one that's based in Germany I really like them Ableton for your Ableton stuff so you can have like one per per your per music software plugin as well um yeah exactly so like you can do that um gal brush I'll get to you in just a sec get back to just a sec about the transcript because that is a good question um but yeah so if you want to have that power to customize for example if you've got two microphones I don't know like one for your guitar and like on the other side of the room for a singer or something then you can use OBS to put like two microphones and stream those the problem is it's more taxing on your computer there's Bakaris tick talk wonderful okay I hope that's helpful Bakari let's talk about transcripts yeah because that's a good question let's go over to uh here we go I'm gonna open up the settings for my for my captioning I'm sorry it's it's as big as it's gonna get um I can't control the size because I think you can if you increase your or decrease rather your resolution right that's gonna uh that's gonna like me out or something I like that's a good point Lauren I'll do I'll keep that for the for the next time but gal brush if you go over to transcripts and then click enable this oh actually I can make it slightly bigger by doing this it's not a huge difference but it's something yeah if you click on save transcripts and then you can check uh choose what folder goes into you get srt files which are very common subtitle files formats or you can have a custom one up to you but yeah so you can have so you can totally save transcripts um which is helpful to have I'm a big fan of accessibility so like being able to have captions which is sadly something that stream yard does not offer and I've bugged them a couple times about it and they're they have other priorities which is fine that's there but third deal definitely Megan asks which formats are available so for for captions I saw only srt um but if you're talking about recording video I just opened up the um OBS settings here you can customize what um what formats for example so recording format mkv you can set this to whatever the heck you like mp4 is probably gonna be nicer for me so just ah right uh defunded beg and says no close captioning formats above the name input so that would be ah ah thank you yes so we have srt txt or just raw raw text it's a good question thank you really quick y'all um I don't think it's gonna break anything but I am gonna open stream yard in a another cab so if this crashes we will all be back very very shortly I just don't think it will so please continue remote just wanted to give everybody a heads up great point gen by the way talking to the difference between stream yard and OBS because the stream is running by itself the worst thing that's gonna happen if something were to mess up with uh gen opening a second tab is that gen will just be there twice so if my turn into like a little bit of an echo like a like a literal echo chamber um so that should be a problem however things mess up with OBS it's running on your computer say your computer runs out of power you can't switch over to your phone and be like I'm still here folks like stream is still running you know what I mean so that's something to watch out for for using OBS how are we doing so far any questions oh wonderful um um Laura oh sorry I thought I heard you like I was about to read a question that had already been answered um okay yes I do have a question it was a JK that I didn't have a question I actually have a question um are there and this is probably let me go to another tab and see if I can like blow this up so I can like see more um is can you have different profiles so if you set up a bunch of scenes it's like yeah or like if I had one for teach gen tech and then I had one for I don't know shit you don't want to talk about and then I had one for when I commenced Jay and Laura and everyone in the world to be on a show together like it's gonna be the busiest show ever um I would tune into that yeah so like how would you keep those right and could you talk us through like or like maybe Laura or I can stream like how you actually go to set one of these up because I think that's something we didn't get to last week and yeah that's where I'm really stuck cool uh let's answer the first question if you see here at the top at the top of the menus you have a menu option called scene collection so here you can manage different scene collections okay so you can create a new one if you are a complete disorganized mess like me you will not but to those of you who value not living in chaos um create and manage your own yeah so you can create a new one give it a name and then like copy them over and all that do bear in mind that all of the assets and the scenes themselves are locked into your computer you can export them but they're very tied to where the images art for example are located so they're not as portable as one would like them to be does that make sense yes I'm gonna quickly close the door I'll be right right back and I am going to be opening nobius and like deleting everything I have because I want to try to stop this left at the same time awesome let's to to your point uh Jen let's explore what kind of possibilities there are for scenes in obs because let me and I'm just gonna show you a couple more of mine and then we'll like go into making one if that sounds good yes sorry very distracted um so let's think like uh another thing that just um came to mind is the fact that like lures in my background is completely different then oh by the way I should probably update that is normally update what I guess we'll find out in just a moment folks Laura sorry Jen just left the chat we're back they will need to connect their mic slash cam before you can add them to this room hold on like give us a sec folks we're coming in mistakes from me yeah well oh yeah do you know what I'm not gonna click her in I'm not gonna click her in I think about what happened I did this uh last week too and I didn't know what it was well was it so Mac has it where randomly if you go left to right it will go back on a browser yeah yeah it's very annoying so I'm gonna disable that really quick um do you want to but I'm gonna update the the the the background and then I'm gonna do that oh our back oh that's what you mean okay gotcha gotcha um yeah and I did a little bit of the shall we do the yeah do the things do the things let's do the things let's do the things you're fine that is not this is miscellaneous Mondays Jen let's do it again so I'm gonna show you a couple more scenes of mine this for example is what I call the code scene I don't have the s code running right now but I normally have like a big VS code running here and then if I want to like type a little bit on a website and then I want to go back to the website I'll just click between browser and code you can see like most of the layout stays the same but like you know it's fading in and out in fact you can choose transitions here in the middle um I actually I'm not very experimenting with these what is a Luma wipe let's find out oh oh okay kind of giving me a Star Wars vibe but yeah so you can like I don't know what a stinger is sorry I'm just messing around with these oh look at oh I like kind of like dig I kind of dig this one you say it's like yeah so you can switch between them for example I've got this one here which I use to like I'm usually like debugging games that I make on a on a little game console I've got just a chatting once just be like hi it's me but to see you and here's a tip for folks streaming to twitch give your streamers again like when you're streaming it sends out a notification to all of your followers um give them five minutes or so to get all their notifications and get excited about the fact that you're gonna be have a starting soon scene I made this in Canva I made this with one of those like AI make a picture of pick turn me into a cartoon character kind of things um oh Makari Soul is asking how to folks stream console gaming on twitch let me get back to that question in just a second because it is a good question um yeah we got a starting soon we got a see you next time so like and you can see there's no there's no audio here because of course I don't know if you're familiar with the term hot mic which is when you go off the yeah yeah no explain it sorry no you're good it's like kind of like when you go off the air and people can still hear you and you might it's awkward yes I was just gonna say like I usually let out a giant sigh after I'm done streaming so like it's really embarrassing to be like see you next time and then go you know but the excel is so important because if anybody is like hasn't MCD or done a talk or streamed or podcasting like you have to have like this energy to present and then it's like okay I can deflate now okay totally so let's see what else we got I'm uncomfortable do you think people would still watch my streams if I just dreamed like this I mean you have to move your camera a little bit but I think you'd be good um Joe Biden oh did Biden have a hot mic problem oh oh familiar that's a question for the for the American American I think Joe Biden said big blank deal when oh on a hot mic oh was he right though I mean I hope so but I don't know the content I was so we're gonna go yeah maybe yeah okay yeah but Karri tells us he was right and Sue says right correctly I think all politicians have had hot mic issues at some point in their career yes yes any who um yeah for example I use this one to make a video um which is all well and good so let's go about making a scene together if I may not causing a scene making a scene I'm kidding so I'm just gonna delete this random scene I have that is my computer with all of its mess out how very embarrassing let me bring back a random one here we go okay cool um shall we make a new scene together oh I really quick um yeah take out the at I'm sorry it's all bits take out the at I'm used to twitters an ad from oh gotcha yeah it's what uh um Ryan just put here and hi Ryan hey Ryan hey Ryan oh shit I was supposed to talk to Ryan about something what was I gonna talk to Ryan about oh Ryan before I forget Ryan's uh monomy channel and also just like knows the things and stuff with stream elements but Theo has it where he can time mark things I don't know it's something in stream elements where like he'll so Theo will actually make it where he records his video content while he flies streaming so instead of just like doing live streaming where you can tell this is very interactive it would just be like doing it straight to the camera no interruptions or anything and um recording it that way it's really cool and I will grab stream elements as yeah well because I did not know what they were and stream elements may also help set up OBS but don't quote me on that um they can do some templates but I use it for something else cool and I yeah I'm not very familiar with stream elements myself but uh go check it out so shall we make gen you know I've been I've been I've been screen sharing for a while do you want to do it on your end sure I had the I because I kind of get the impression that it would make more sense if one of you all did it and then I could just sort of like not along yes but I do want to give Laura the option before I sit just say yes and like oh yeah sorry oh go ahead okay I was like yes I do I totally do 100 percent like I would love to you because I want to get they set up but I also just don't want to hog the entire thing because fair it's definitely something I've done before um okay so here is my stream elements which is very difficult I know this now this looks different from mine what are we look what why does the UI look a little bit different gen could it be a newer version of OBS you said something about stream elements I'm this is just stream yard or stream this is just OBS sorry okay that looks the same as mine maybe mine is old anyway carry on um but on that note I feel like I don't care if I mess up my displays because I mess up a lot on my computer anyway in case you all wanted to know I'm really good at breaking stuff and this happens quite a bit where my displays what are you doing going to up the um oh the resolution I was gonna up up the resolution you know I tried last week to make um an Alfred workflow to do this for me uh and I did not succeed I was actually going to ask Jay because I think that Jay is the the Alfred Maestro if I recall correctly stuff's happening oh hey guys look at that looks good giant now so hopefully we can see things from that by the way I just updated OBS and it does look like yours now yeah I was just going to say I checked for updates and there were none so I think we are good no no yeah yeah yeah okay so hey I'm not going to get into the old version of OBS yeah no Jen you have made a new scene now on the way your OBS is set up on the left you've got a preview of the scene that you're going to transition to and on the right you're seeing what your viewers are seeing oh okay yeah so let's create uh let's create a new scene you've already done that you've got scene two there at the bottom left uh it just wouldn't let me delete it so um it had to have something there so scene two is it's just a blank everything so um I guess if I um were to do this I would uh create so what I do a different scene for guests then I think this is where I get really mixed up is like do I do a scene for like what we're looking at right now and then a scene like this yeah and then the scene like this like these are all different scenes that I have to create that is correct so what you lose and in terms of like pre done work you make up for in customizability and I think this is where is I'm like I don't okay I'm gonna make a scene we're gonna do it we're gonna do step one even though I'm still so confused uh it's kind of a like with you know the spider-man like with great power comes great responsibility and it's really like with great power comes a lot of fucking work yes yes I feel like that it that's to be the update I need that I'm gonna do uh let's call this one um let's start simple Jen let's make one what is just just you talking to the camera and the chat okay let's call it I don't know just Jen up to you sounds good yeah so what are the two things that we're gonna need here we're gonna need your camera my background and a chat well yes but let's let's start with the camera I think the camera is gonna be like the the the the the the essential one here yeah now you can give it a name or create yeah so you're creating a source for the camera why are you not believe that that was weird okay perfect wow I am like trying to read and not reading it out I'm like what does this say um if you're a fan of organization many streeters streamers add scenes being lines as the name and containing nothing to use this space or between multiple scenes that's excellent I'm gonna go hey because this is stuff that frustrates me the most is I'm like logically everything everyone is saying makes sense but I'm like but it doesn't make sense I think it's just like a blank screen yeah like if you add no sources to your scene then your scene is black screen and so you can use that as like a like a transition oh like in lieu of a transition if I'm understanding correctly interesting so I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna derail a little more I think from what I understand is happening is that when you have lots of scenes in a list like you saw with mine and it's a big mess if you want I keep them in groups you can just have scenes with nothing in them that are called a bunch of lines just so that list shows these ones that are just a bunch of lines as separators it's like a line break in the list is what you're saying correct that makes sense that does make sense um that's super well so we've got Jen here we're adding your camera you can choose and since this is open source software you can really go as in depth as you want if you want to specify be specify to the level of like how high you want your camera's resolution to be um high works high works yeah um high on okay I don't I don't these are the questions that I don't stop and ask I'm afraid so now what you see on the left is a preview of your scene now what's the problem the camera is way bigger than the resolution that you're going to be streaming so what I would usually do here is resize it so lid exactly so bring that drag that down drag it back up hold on I fit in the screen yes oh look it has a little line still like figure out mm-hmm mm-hmm that's something that my old version didn't have do I have it now oh my goodness that's new fantastic okay cool so you see there you can really be as pixel perfect yeah yeah it's not you you know what I want to do like a half one a half one like a I can only do it integer numbers of pixels yeah like it will only resize the shape it's at it won't let me show half of the scene half of like you want to crop your camera yeah if I wanted to crop the camera Jen remember what we're dealing with here open software the power is yours you can literally take a window say you're sharing a window and just like cover your face cover cover half the camera oh I'll bet that there's a plug-in to and there's a big OBS plug-in that will let you crop without having to just like stick something on your face or as defenda bag and says you can hold the old key while resizing oh wow that crops yeah that's a cropping whoa that's that I will do that here shortly um hold on let's bring in the background yeah there's me no no no so might mean y'all you're gonna try to find a background oh we're so close but not any of those what about these oh hey here we go that's what I was looking for in my face is gone which I believe if I just drag this on top of yay um so y'all what I did just so that way I can also explain yeah um when I added the background it added it to the top yep so what I had to do is drag and drop my camera on top of it cool hold on alt wait what I think it's called option yeah it's option okay there you go nice okay that was exciting thank you this is exciting okay so I got this going and let's add what else do we want to add I think we need our well yeah do it is that leopold that is leopold um cilay or defundin bag and thanks for everything yes that is leopold it is dinner time so he's letting you know he's letting us know what happened there ah good so you've got your microphone it is your yaddy well it didn't sorry I was looking to wait for a second discard I guess you got a discard properties for yaddy that was weird that is weird I don't know what I was discarding but that was like you know worst case I could just start from scratch all right so we got a mic we got a camera yeah we got the things so this this scene is ready this scene is ready like and if you click on transition at the top that's now what the viewer sees now what's cool about this this mode that you have that I cannot for the life of me figure out how to get back on mine but that's a that's a that's a separate topic is that you can arrange a scene like in the background say if you want to last minute put something in while you're still streaming on a different steam stream uh scene does that make sense yes um I know it's like get ad before get commit uh oh I got a Ryan Ryan got a um clip and I'm making a funny face oh yes yes I am yes yes I am you can share that go ahead and tweet it um do you know what's one of these so much fun when I make funny faces and they screenshot it when I play dnd um love it I will tag Roy and he'll crack up uh channel name is uh oh let me do this hold on I am using I remember this being pretty easy to set up so I'm just this is going off um please get sorry what are we what are we what are we doing next I think this is Ben's Ben's chat Ben's version of like Chattarino oh Fab Ben Ben Myers who's just a joy how much do we love Ben I love Ben all right that's why I'm like I really want to show you guys this because I was messing around with it but you can do uh you know all this customizability forget cheddar I'm in stunga it's started using show my dot chat the only reason that I decided I was going to end up sticking with Chattarino is because I don't see an option in show my dot chat to keep a transcript oh Reno does that that was the only Chattarino does yeah you showed us like 20 minutes ago was doing that for the captions not for Chattarino oh no no no no I don't listen to me don't listen to me um well you can even customize it to look like Minecraft what like so there's like these different themes um oh yeah I'm stealing this thank you then let's let's shout them out Ben D Myers Yeah, Ben is- Go follow this excellent person everyone
Yeah so that's streaming my audio output I've got a piece of text here called OC more on that in a minute let's see what else we got color source have that like a little purple background we've got the chat window we've got video capture device that's me hello we've got audio input capture you see it's capturing my microphone you can select which microphone you want to stream from you can put in several microphones if you're feeling fancy you can put in central webcams if you're feeling fancy um let's see what else we got and my background image of course and you can see as I talk here in the audio mixer you can see yeah it's doing the little audio mixing thing and if I were to play some audio and stream it through it would do that as well so let's talk about OC for a second that's short for open captions this is a third party plugin that I installed onto stream oh I can do this here through OBS uh OBS closed captioning plugin little bits is repeating myself from last week so I apologize if you've already seen this but I think it's good to be I have the link from last week yeah ah wonderful thank you there you go yes uh highly recommend this so how does this work um you can set it up to accept a source of audio this can be all audio it can be just your audio now I'm not gonna start streaming because I'm already streaming from a stream yard but I'm gonna start a voice recording you're gonna see what's gonna happen hello I am recording a video and it's recording captions for me it's not perfect we saw last week that when I tried speaking Spanish it kind of gave up you can pick a language in the options though which is cool and this works with google speech to text so it you know turns your speech into text so I'm gonna stop that this is also um sending closed captions which you saw here were open captions meaning that they're embedded into the video but of course you also have the possibility of doing closed captions that are built into twitch so you have both options which I think is nice but Karis so has got a question do you think there's a clear advantage in using OBS or stream yard for streaming live music so this is music that you're performing I assume or is it like you'll have to forgive me I'm not very knowledgeable are you like it the Karis case I would assume so yeah I think it's him streaming because he also sings uh and he does do it see if I can talk on tick talk wow we're cool cool cool we also follow the Karis on the tick talks on the tick talks yes and this year your tick talk if you want to get followed like no stress if you don't want to um so well the reason I ask define that it because for example if you want to do sophisticated things like having one window per for example yeah yeah like this right live looping and all that if you want to have all that um you can have like one window per like one window capture per I don't know for like logic pro I don't know what folks are using nowadays or for your uh let's say one that's based in Germany I really like them Ableton for your Ableton stuff so you can have like one per per your per music software plugin as well um yeah exactly so like you can do that um gal brush I'll get to you in just a sec get back to just a sec about the transcript because that is a good question um but yeah so if you want to have that power to customize for example if you've got two microphones I don't know like one for your guitar and like on the other side of the room for a singer or something then you can use OBS to put like two microphones and stream those the problem is it's more taxing on your computer there's Bakaris tick talk wonderful okay I hope that's helpful Bakari let's talk about transcripts yeah because that's a good question let's go over to uh here we go I'm gonna open up the settings for my for my captioning I'm sorry it's it's as big as it's gonna get um I can't control the size because I think you can if you increase your or decrease rather your resolution right that's gonna uh that's gonna like me out or something I like that's a good point Lauren I'll do I'll keep that for the for the next time but gal brush if you go over to transcripts and then click enable this oh actually I can make it slightly bigger by doing this it's not a huge difference but it's something yeah if you click on save transcripts and then you can check uh choose what folder goes into you get srt files which are very common subtitle files formats or you can have a custom one up to you but yeah so you can have so you can totally save transcripts um which is helpful to have I'm a big fan of accessibility so like being able to have captions which is sadly something that stream yard does not offer and I've bugged them a couple times about it and they're they have other priorities which is fine that's there but third deal definitely Megan asks which formats are available so for for captions I saw only srt um but if you're talking about recording video I just opened up the um OBS settings here you can customize what um what formats for example so recording format mkv you can set this to whatever the heck you like mp4 is probably gonna be nicer for me so just ah right uh defunded beg and says no close captioning formats above the name input so that would be ah ah thank you yes so we have srt txt or just raw raw text it's a good question thank you really quick y'all um I don't think it's gonna break anything but I am gonna open stream yard in a another cab so if this crashes we will all be back very very shortly I just don't think it will so please continue remote just wanted to give everybody a heads up great point gen by the way talking to the difference between stream yard and OBS because the stream is running by itself the worst thing that's gonna happen if something were to mess up with uh gen opening a second tab is that gen will just be there twice so if my turn into like a little bit of an echo like a like a literal echo chamber um so that should be a problem however things mess up with OBS it's running on your computer say your computer runs out of power you can't switch over to your phone and be like I'm still here folks like stream is still running you know what I mean so that's something to watch out for for using OBS how are we doing so far any questions oh wonderful um um Laura oh sorry I thought I heard you like I was about to read a question that had already been answered um okay yes I do have a question it was a JK that I didn't have a question I actually have a question um are there and this is probably let me go to another tab and see if I can like blow this up so I can like see more um is can you have different profiles so if you set up a bunch of scenes it's like yeah or like if I had one for teach gen tech and then I had one for I don't know shit you don't want to talk about and then I had one for when I commenced Jay and Laura and everyone in the world to be on a show together like it's gonna be the busiest show ever um I would tune into that yeah so like how would you keep those right and could you talk us through like or like maybe Laura or I can stream like how you actually go to set one of these up because I think that's something we didn't get to last week and yeah that's where I'm really stuck cool uh let's answer the first question if you see here at the top at the top of the menus you have a menu option called scene collection so here you can manage different scene collections okay so you can create a new one if you are a complete disorganized mess like me you will not but to those of you who value not living in chaos um create and manage your own yeah so you can create a new one give it a name and then like copy them over and all that do bear in mind that all of the assets and the scenes themselves are locked into your computer you can export them but they're very tied to where the images art for example are located so they're not as portable as one would like them to be does that make sense yes I'm gonna quickly close the door I'll be right right back and I am going to be opening nobius and like deleting everything I have because I want to try to stop this left at the same time awesome let's to to your point uh Jen let's explore what kind of possibilities there are for scenes in obs because let me and I'm just gonna show you a couple more of mine and then we'll like go into making one if that sounds good yes sorry very distracted um so let's think like uh another thing that just um came to mind is the fact that like lures in my background is completely different then oh by the way I should probably update that is normally update what I guess we'll find out in just a moment folks Laura sorry Jen just left the chat we're back they will need to connect their mic slash cam before you can add them to this room hold on like give us a sec folks we're coming in mistakes from me yeah well oh yeah do you know what I'm not gonna click her in I'm not gonna click her in I think about what happened I did this uh last week too and I didn't know what it was well was it so Mac has it where randomly if you go left to right it will go back on a browser yeah yeah it's very annoying so I'm gonna disable that really quick um do you want to but I'm gonna update the the the the background and then I'm gonna do that oh our back oh that's what you mean okay gotcha gotcha um yeah and I did a little bit of the shall we do the yeah do the things do the things let's do the things let's do the things you're fine that is not this is miscellaneous Mondays Jen let's do it again so I'm gonna show you a couple more scenes of mine this for example is what I call the code scene I don't have the s code running right now but I normally have like a big VS code running here and then if I want to like type a little bit on a website and then I want to go back to the website I'll just click between browser and code you can see like most of the layout stays the same but like you know it's fading in and out in fact you can choose transitions here in the middle um I actually I'm not very experimenting with these what is a Luma wipe let's find out oh oh okay kind of giving me a Star Wars vibe but yeah so you can like I don't know what a stinger is sorry I'm just messing around with these oh look at oh I like kind of like dig I kind of dig this one you say it's like yeah so you can switch between them for example I've got this one here which I use to like I'm usually like debugging games that I make on a on a little game console I've got just a chatting once just be like hi it's me but to see you and here's a tip for folks streaming to twitch give your streamers again like when you're streaming it sends out a notification to all of your followers um give them five minutes or so to get all their notifications and get excited about the fact that you're gonna be have a starting soon scene I made this in Canva I made this with one of those like AI make a picture of pick turn me into a cartoon character kind of things um oh Makari Soul is asking how to folks stream console gaming on twitch let me get back to that question in just a second because it is a good question um yeah we got a starting soon we got a see you next time so like and you can see there's no there's no audio here because of course I don't know if you're familiar with the term hot mic which is when you go off the yeah yeah no explain it sorry no you're good it's like kind of like when you go off the air and people can still hear you and you might it's awkward yes I was just gonna say like I usually let out a giant sigh after I'm done streaming so like it's really embarrassing to be like see you next time and then go you know but the excel is so important because if anybody is like hasn't MCD or done a talk or streamed or podcasting like you have to have like this energy to present and then it's like okay I can deflate now okay totally so let's see what else we got I'm uncomfortable do you think people would still watch my streams if I just dreamed like this I mean you have to move your camera a little bit but I think you'd be good um Joe Biden oh did Biden have a hot mic problem oh oh familiar that's a question for the for the American American I think Joe Biden said big blank deal when oh on a hot mic oh was he right though I mean I hope so but I don't know the content I was so we're gonna go yeah maybe yeah okay yeah but Karri tells us he was right and Sue says right correctly I think all politicians have had hot mic issues at some point in their career yes yes any who um yeah for example I use this one to make a video um which is all well and good so let's go about making a scene together if I may not causing a scene making a scene I'm kidding so I'm just gonna delete this random scene I have that is my computer with all of its mess out how very embarrassing let me bring back a random one here we go okay cool um shall we make a new scene together oh I really quick um yeah take out the at I'm sorry it's all bits take out the at I'm used to twitters an ad from oh gotcha yeah it's what uh um Ryan just put here and hi Ryan hey Ryan hey Ryan oh shit I was supposed to talk to Ryan about something what was I gonna talk to Ryan about oh Ryan before I forget Ryan's uh monomy channel and also just like knows the things and stuff with stream elements but Theo has it where he can time mark things I don't know it's something in stream elements where like he'll so Theo will actually make it where he records his video content while he flies streaming so instead of just like doing live streaming where you can tell this is very interactive it would just be like doing it straight to the camera no interruptions or anything and um recording it that way it's really cool and I will grab stream elements as yeah well because I did not know what they were and stream elements may also help set up OBS but don't quote me on that um they can do some templates but I use it for something else cool and I yeah I'm not very familiar with stream elements myself but uh go check it out so shall we make gen you know I've been I've been I've been screen sharing for a while do you want to do it on your end sure I had the I because I kind of get the impression that it would make more sense if one of you all did it and then I could just sort of like not along yes but I do want to give Laura the option before I sit just say yes and like oh yeah sorry oh go ahead okay I was like yes I do I totally do 100 percent like I would love to you because I want to get they set up but I also just don't want to hog the entire thing because fair it's definitely something I've done before um okay so here is my stream elements which is very difficult I know this now this looks different from mine what are we look what why does the UI look a little bit different gen could it be a newer version of OBS you said something about stream elements I'm this is just stream yard or stream this is just OBS sorry okay that looks the same as mine maybe mine is old anyway carry on um but on that note I feel like I don't care if I mess up my displays because I mess up a lot on my computer anyway in case you all wanted to know I'm really good at breaking stuff and this happens quite a bit where my displays what are you doing going to up the um oh the resolution I was gonna up up the resolution you know I tried last week to make um an Alfred workflow to do this for me uh and I did not succeed I was actually going to ask Jay because I think that Jay is the the Alfred Maestro if I recall correctly stuff's happening oh hey guys look at that looks good giant now so hopefully we can see things from that by the way I just updated OBS and it does look like yours now yeah I was just going to say I checked for updates and there were none so I think we are good no no yeah yeah yeah okay so hey I'm not going to get into the old version of OBS yeah no Jen you have made a new scene now on the way your OBS is set up on the left you've got a preview of the scene that you're going to transition to and on the right you're seeing what your viewers are seeing oh okay yeah so let's create uh let's create a new scene you've already done that you've got scene two there at the bottom left uh it just wouldn't let me delete it so um it had to have something there so scene two is it's just a blank everything so um I guess if I um were to do this I would uh create so what I do a different scene for guests then I think this is where I get really mixed up is like do I do a scene for like what we're looking at right now and then a scene like this yeah and then the scene like this like these are all different scenes that I have to create that is correct so what you lose and in terms of like pre done work you make up for in customizability and I think this is where is I'm like I don't okay I'm gonna make a scene we're gonna do it we're gonna do step one even though I'm still so confused uh it's kind of a like with you know the spider-man like with great power comes great responsibility and it's really like with great power comes a lot of fucking work yes yes I feel like that it that's to be the update I need that I'm gonna do uh let's call this one um let's start simple Jen let's make one what is just just you talking to the camera and the chat okay let's call it I don't know just Jen up to you sounds good yeah so what are the two things that we're gonna need here we're gonna need your camera my background and a chat well yes but let's let's start with the camera I think the camera is gonna be like the the the the the the essential one here yeah now you can give it a name or create yeah so you're creating a source for the camera why are you not believe that that was weird okay perfect wow I am like trying to read and not reading it out I'm like what does this say um if you're a fan of organization many streeters streamers add scenes being lines as the name and containing nothing to use this space or between multiple scenes that's excellent I'm gonna go hey because this is stuff that frustrates me the most is I'm like logically everything everyone is saying makes sense but I'm like but it doesn't make sense I think it's just like a blank screen yeah like if you add no sources to your scene then your scene is black screen and so you can use that as like a like a transition oh like in lieu of a transition if I'm understanding correctly interesting so I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna derail a little more I think from what I understand is happening is that when you have lots of scenes in a list like you saw with mine and it's a big mess if you want I keep them in groups you can just have scenes with nothing in them that are called a bunch of lines just so that list shows these ones that are just a bunch of lines as separators it's like a line break in the list is what you're saying correct that makes sense that does make sense um that's super well so we've got Jen here we're adding your camera you can choose and since this is open source software you can really go as in depth as you want if you want to specify be specify to the level of like how high you want your camera's resolution to be um high works high works yeah um high on okay I don't I don't these are the questions that I don't stop and ask I'm afraid so now what you see on the left is a preview of your scene now what's the problem the camera is way bigger than the resolution that you're going to be streaming so what I would usually do here is resize it so lid exactly so bring that drag that down drag it back up hold on I fit in the screen yes oh look it has a little line still like figure out mm-hmm mm-hmm that's something that my old version didn't have do I have it now oh my goodness that's new fantastic okay cool so you see there you can really be as pixel perfect yeah yeah it's not you you know what I want to do like a half one a half one like a I can only do it integer numbers of pixels yeah like it will only resize the shape it's at it won't let me show half of the scene half of like you want to crop your camera yeah if I wanted to crop the camera Jen remember what we're dealing with here open software the power is yours you can literally take a window say you're sharing a window and just like cover your face cover cover half the camera oh I'll bet that there's a plug-in to and there's a big OBS plug-in that will let you crop without having to just like stick something on your face or as defenda bag and says you can hold the old key while resizing oh wow that crops yeah that's a cropping whoa that's that I will do that here shortly um hold on let's bring in the background yeah there's me no no no so might mean y'all you're gonna try to find a background oh we're so close but not any of those what about these oh hey here we go that's what I was looking for in my face is gone which I believe if I just drag this on top of yay um so y'all what I did just so that way I can also explain yeah um when I added the background it added it to the top yep so what I had to do is drag and drop my camera on top of it cool hold on alt wait what I think it's called option yeah it's option okay there you go nice okay that was exciting thank you this is exciting okay so I got this going and let's add what else do we want to add I think we need our well yeah do it is that leopold that is leopold um cilay or defundin bag and thanks for everything yes that is leopold it is dinner time so he's letting you know he's letting us know what happened there ah good so you've got your microphone it is your yaddy well it didn't sorry I was looking to wait for a second discard I guess you got a discard properties for yaddy that was weird that is weird I don't know what I was discarding but that was like you know worst case I could just start from scratch all right so we got a mic we got a camera yeah we got the things so this this scene is ready this scene is ready like and if you click on transition at the top that's now what the viewer sees now what's cool about this this mode that you have that I cannot for the life of me figure out how to get back on mine but that's a that's a that's a separate topic is that you can arrange a scene like in the background say if you want to last minute put something in while you're still streaming on a different steam stream uh scene does that make sense yes um I know it's like get ad before get commit uh oh I got a Ryan Ryan got a um clip and I'm making a funny face oh yes yes I am yes yes I am you can share that go ahead and tweet it um do you know what's one of these so much fun when I make funny faces and they screenshot it when I play dnd um love it I will tag Roy and he'll crack up uh channel name is uh oh let me do this hold on I am using I remember this being pretty easy to set up so I'm just this is going off um please get sorry what are we what are we what are we doing next I think this is Ben's Ben's chat Ben's version of like Chattarino oh Fab Ben Ben Myers who's just a joy how much do we love Ben I love Ben all right that's why I'm like I really want to show you guys this because I was messing around with it but you can do uh you know all this customizability forget cheddar I'm in stunga it's started using show my dot chat the only reason that I decided I was going to end up sticking with Chattarino is because I don't see an option in show my dot chat to keep a transcript oh Reno does that that was the only Chattarino does yeah you showed us like 20 minutes ago was doing that for the captions not for Chattarino oh no no no no I don't listen to me don't listen to me um well you can even customize it to look like Minecraft what like so there's like these different themes um oh yeah I'm stealing this thank you then let's let's shout them out Ben D Myers Yeah, Ben is- Go follow this excellent person everyone Yes. And Ben has a channel, Twitch channel. I can't comment publicly today for some reason. So somebody can link to Ben's Twitch that I think it is. Is it the same one? Wendy Myers? No, I think it might be some antics stuff. Yeah, some antics stuff. Some damage. I always get them next up
Yes. And Ben has a channel, Twitch channel. I can't comment publicly today for some reason. So somebody can link to Ben's Twitch that I think it is. Is it the same one? Wendy Myers? No, I think it might be some antics stuff. Yeah, some antics stuff. Some damage. I always get them next up I'm going to go on their Twitter. Some antics dev. Okay. Oh, I haven't activated it. Okay, I just realized it pun. Some antics. Yes. It's good. And then you can like clear messages or show latest messages. And then you open OBS, copy overlay and then. For source URL
I'm going to go on their Twitter. Some antics dev. Okay. Oh, I haven't activated it. Okay, I just realized it pun. Some antics. Yes. It's good. And then you can like clear messages or show latest messages. And then you open OBS, copy overlay and then. For source URL For source URL. Yeah, the animal crossing one is really good. So think that might be. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. And source URL. Hold on, hold on, Jen. You didn't copy that. You didn't delete the rest. I think it's not. I think it's not. I think it's not. There's still some OBS stuff
For source URL. Yeah, the animal crossing one is really good. So think that might be. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. And source URL. Hold on, hold on, Jen. You didn't copy that. You didn't delete the rest. I think it's not. I think it's not. I think it's not. There's still some OBS stuff Why don't you just. Yeah. I hate that it does that. Okay. There we go. And then. I want to hit okay. So now any people in the chat. If you would please. Do what you do best. Let's. In Jen's chat. Not mine. Yeah. Um, but I think. I think I forgot something
Why don't you just. Yeah. I hate that it does that. Okay. There we go. And then. I want to hit okay. So now any people in the chat. If you would please. Do what you do best. Let's. In Jen's chat. Not mine. Yeah. Um, but I think. I think I forgot something We still need a background for it, I believe. Um, Oh. Oh, Maybe you're right. Let me go back to. I got impatient. Yeah, you do a new source. I think it's not. I think it's not. That looks good. Oh, is it. No, it's not the top. Should be at the top. Yeah, it should be at the top. Hmm
We still need a background for it, I believe. Um, Oh. Oh, Maybe you're right. Let me go back to. I got impatient. Yeah, you do a new source. I think it's not. I think it's not. That looks good. Oh, is it. No, it's not the top. Should be at the top. Yeah, it should be at the top. Hmm Hmm. Bottom just in case. No. Okay. I got to work you last time. Right. That's why you keep it visible. More chat. Um, you can't see. It's not the top. It's not the top. It's not the top. No. That wouldn't be it. Can you open up the properties? Yes. Let's see what we got. Show me the chat
Hmm. Bottom just in case. No. Okay. I got to work you last time. Right. That's why you keep it visible. More chat. Um, you can't see. It's not the top. It's not the top. It's not the top. No. That wouldn't be it. Can you open up the properties? Yes. Let's see what we got. Show me the chat Show me the chat. What do we go up? Up real quick. Uh, Teach and check. Question mark theme animal. Is that looks. Correct. Re name. With. Hide. Use custom frame rate. You can customize a background color there. That's pretty cool
Show me the chat. What do we go up? Up real quick. Uh, Teach and check. Question mark theme animal. Is that looks. Correct. Re name. With. Hide. Use custom frame rate. You can customize a background color there. That's pretty cool That's pretty cool. Right now the background color is, change that last zero to a one, please. That's gonna make it, hold on, I'm bad at colors, is all zeros black or white? I don't know, it should change the color either way. True. Hit okay? Didn't change that. Oh, all right
That's pretty cool. Right now the background color is, change that last zero to a one, please. That's gonna make it, hold on, I'm bad at colors, is all zeros black or white? I don't know, it should change the color either way. True. Hit okay? Didn't change that. Oh, all right Oh, all right. Bring the chat back folks. Let's keep it going. Hello, chat. Okay, well, it's not doing it yet, which is okay. A few seconds. Yeah, maybe, maybe Jen, you want to refresh the, yeah, not what I meant to show you guys
Oh, all right. Bring the chat back folks. Let's keep it going. Hello, chat. Okay, well, it's not doing it yet, which is okay. A few seconds. Yeah, maybe, maybe Jen, you want to refresh the, yeah, not what I meant to show you guys There was a, like, property, it like there was a toggle in the properties to refresh when the scene changes or something. I guess the scene didn't change, but. Just because I remember, refresh browser when scene becomes active
There was a, like, property, it like there was a toggle in the properties to refresh when the scene changes or something. I guess the scene didn't change, but. Just because I remember, refresh browser when scene becomes active Yeah, put that in and refresh the cache just in case, you never, you can never go wrong with that. Cool. Hello. And one this, I'm going to chat, chat. Brian, please. I need to just the default and I'll add it as an additional one
Yeah, put that in and refresh the cache just in case, you never, you can never go wrong with that. Cool. Hello. And one this, I'm going to chat, chat. Brian, please. I need to just the default and I'll add it as an additional one Do you know what? This is a really good way to get engagement on Twitch. It's like, oh, no, we're debugging our chat. Oh, no, everyone's going to have to chat so much. Well, thank you guys. You know, I really wanted to get over 200. So thank you. Next time, I need to debug my chat. Yeah. I agree
Do you know what? This is a really good way to get engagement on Twitch. It's like, oh, no, we're debugging our chat. Oh, no, everyone's going to have to chat so much. Well, thank you guys. You know, I really wanted to get over 200. So thank you. Next time, I need to debug my chat. Yeah. I agree Yeah. I agree. Oh, Bacari says it would be really cool if we all met for coffee. Yeah, I agree. I wouldn't mind. Dude, why is it not showing? Hold on, hold on. I don't know. Chat, chat, chat. Everybody, chat. Chat, chat, your part. I don't remember last time is it totally did
Yeah. I agree. Oh, Bacari says it would be really cool if we all met for coffee. Yeah, I agree. I wouldn't mind. Dude, why is it not showing? Hold on, hold on. I don't know. Chat, chat, chat. Everybody, chat. Chat, chat, your part. I don't remember last time is it totally did It showed up by itself. But where to meet Seattle here? Yeah, see, I'm in central Europe. I'm in the San Francisco Bay Area. So at least, I mean, same coast. That's something Denver. I'm at least in the States. So I think it's only fair. Iceland. Yes. Yes. Defaults
It showed up by itself. But where to meet Seattle here? Yeah, see, I'm in central Europe. I'm in the San Francisco Bay Area. So at least, I mean, same coast. That's something Denver. I'm at least in the States. So I think it's only fair. Iceland. Yes. Yes. Defaults Yes. Yes. Defaults. And then if I go back, why are you in the Bay Area? Because I'm in the Bay Area. So we could at least have two of us meet up for coffee. I'm going to need to see a photo, please, when that happens. He is very good at looking photos. Bakari and Ian took photos and send it to me
Yes. Yes. Defaults. And then if I go back, why are you in the Bay Area? Because I'm in the Bay Area. So we could at least have two of us meet up for coffee. I'm going to need to see a photo, please, when that happens. He is very good at looking photos. Bakari and Ian took photos and send it to me And it made me so your own works. Yo, yo, hold up. That looks different. It's a different link. I put in Twitch to try to put something there. So wait, we've got a stream inside the stream. That is different in session. In session. Mm-hmm. Wait. I put in Twitch to try to put something there
And it made me so your own works. Yo, yo, hold up. That looks different. It's a different link. I put in Twitch to try to put something there. So wait, we've got a stream inside the stream. That is different in session. In session. Mm-hmm. Wait. I put in Twitch to try to put something there So is that a change? The sound changed. It didn't change. It's bringing an audio from Twitch. It's not echoing because, because Jen put in Twitch, we're now getting the audio from that. Yeah. It didn't change. It's like, what is it? It's a good one. That's like doing weird things in my head
So is that a change? The sound changed. It didn't change. It's bringing an audio from Twitch. It's not echoing because, because Jen put in Twitch, we're now getting the audio from that. Yeah. It didn't change. It's like, what is it? It's a good one. That's like doing weird things in my head Did it stop? Did it stop? Yeah. Yeah. No? It's a good one. Why is it still going? I turned it off. Made it invisible, but not inaudible. So I want to remove it. Sure. Where is this still going? OK, inception is stopped. Yes. But show my notch ad is still not. Interact. How frustrating
Did it stop? Did it stop? Yeah. Yeah. No? It's a good one. Why is it still going? I turned it off. Made it invisible, but not inaudible. So I want to remove it. Sure. Where is this still going? OK, inception is stopped. Yes. But show my notch ad is still not. Interact. How frustrating How frustrating. I wonder why we can't get it to work. We've got to be doing something wrong. Do you want to maybe help back to mine and say if I can get it to work in here? Let's have a look. Can you double click on it again, please, Jen? Sorry, not double click. The bring us the properties. Yes
How frustrating. I wonder why we can't get it to work. We've got to be doing something wrong. Do you want to maybe help back to mine and say if I can get it to work in here? Let's have a look. Can you double click on it again, please, Jen? Sorry, not double click. The bring us the properties. Yes Yes. Ryan's in my chat saying, oh, la, la, la. So I'm going to be looking for documentation, because I helped with this at one point. Control audio. Oh, yeah. Palestine browser, chat overlay, you paste it. She's a heightened wit. Hit OK. Oh, I'm really glad I read the documentation
Yes. Ryan's in my chat saying, oh, la, la, la. So I'm going to be looking for documentation, because I helped with this at one point. Control audio. Oh, yeah. Palestine browser, chat overlay, you paste it. She's a heightened wit. Hit OK. Oh, I'm really glad I read the documentation Did we miss something? Wait, what? Oh, wait, where was that documentation? Yeah, sorry. I will go there. I just want to see if it works. Yeah, so it's used to work, but that's a demo now. It's not our chat. It's not your chat. Yeah, but just to start, it's
Did we miss something? Wait, what? Oh, wait, where was that documentation? Yeah, sorry. I will go there. I just want to see if it works. Yeah, so it's used to work, but that's a demo now. It's not our chat. It's not your chat. Yeah, but just to start, it's Oh, Jen, I have a different idea if I may. Yes. Take the URL that we're putting into OBS. Let's put it in the browser. OK. Because in theory, yeah, wait, that's so much. Because I like show my chat. I am. Why do I never try this? I'm kind of a wreck. I copy chat overlay. Yeah, bring that in here
Oh, Jen, I have a different idea if I may. Yes. Take the URL that we're putting into OBS. Let's put it in the browser. OK. Because in theory, yeah, wait, that's so much. Because I like show my chat. I am. Why do I never try this? I'm kind of a wreck. I copy chat overlay. Yeah, bring that in here Y'all, I think I know what it is. Is it an ad? Do you know? No, it's my channel name. Oh, no. It's my channel name. And this is why I will forever curse myself for putting an extra underscore in all that soy milk for the twitch. But all that soy milk was taken. What stop delete it? Oh delete
Y'all, I think I know what it is. Is it an ad? Do you know? No, it's my channel name. Oh, no. It's my channel name. And this is why I will forever curse myself for putting an extra underscore in all that soy milk for the twitch. But all that soy milk was taken. What stop delete it? Oh delete Thank you. OK. Bring it back folks. Bring back the chat. Chat, chat, chat. Look, it's there. Cool. Now let's get the Animal Crossing one. I want the Animal Crossing one. You want the Animal Crossing one? OK. Yes, please. Hold on. You're back here
Thank you. OK. Bring it back folks. Bring back the chat. Chat, chat, chat. Look, it's there. Cool. Now let's get the Animal Crossing one. I want the Animal Crossing one. You want the Animal Crossing one? OK. Yes, please. Hold on. You're back here You're back here. So what we're essentially doing is embedding a browser, like a tiny browser, into our scene. Which one? Sorry, animal ease. Oh, thank you. I'm like, I don't see Animal Crossing one. There we go. I think Nintendo might not want them to call it animal ease if I'm honest
You're back here. So what we're essentially doing is embedding a browser, like a tiny browser, into our scene. Which one? Sorry, animal ease. Oh, thank you. I'm like, I don't see Animal Crossing one. There we go. I think Nintendo might not want them to call it animal ease if I'm honest We might even be able to make it transparent now and just keep because you know, each little thing he has their own background. Oh, yeah. We changed that one back to a zero. I just need to make it. Make it happen folks. Chat. Oh, that's so good. That's so good. I also yay, I'm purple
We might even be able to make it transparent now and just keep because you know, each little thing he has their own background. Oh, yeah. We changed that one back to a zero. I just need to make it. Make it happen folks. Chat. Oh, that's so good. That's so good. I also yay, I'm purple Oh, that's so cool. I want it to be half of that. So we're going to try this. Here do OK. Hey. So that's how people make their chat looks fancy. Thank you, Jen. I'm switching over from chattery now. Um, there. And this can go here. And this can go here. I feel like it's, I mean, but yay
Oh, that's so cool. I want it to be half of that. So we're going to try this. Here do OK. Hey. So that's how people make their chat looks fancy. Thank you, Jen. I'm switching over from chattery now. Um, there. And this can go here. And this can go here. I feel like it's, I mean, but yay Look at all of that. We got to work in. Yay. Fabulous. Um, the scene's not great. Well, we'll work on that. This is both the wonderful and terrible thing of this. The layout's up to you. I want them. So. I don't want to help me. Oh, it might. We need to do
Look at all of that. We got to work in. Yay. Fabulous. Um, the scene's not great. Well, we'll work on that. This is both the wonderful and terrible thing of this. The layout's up to you. I want them. So. I don't want to help me. Oh, it might. We need to do We need to do. I'm like waiting for them to put it on this. And we did this. And this. Do you need me? Now, my looks small here, but remember, this is everything you're going to see in the stream. So I think that size is fine. OK, cool. Stop grabbing the background
We need to do. I'm like waiting for them to put it on this. And we did this. And this. Do you need me? Now, my looks small here, but remember, this is everything you're going to see in the stream. So I think that size is fine. OK, cool. Stop grabbing the background What you want to grab this and it was grabbing the background. So OK, if I make this like my default scene, you want to maybe put in light and you can see you've got that flexibility to put on as much as you want. You can, for example, if you want, put your captions below your photo
What you want to grab this and it was grabbing the background. So OK, if I make this like my default scene, you want to maybe put in light and you can see you've got that flexibility to put on as much as you want. You can, for example, if you want, put your captions below your photo If you want to do open captions, I want to do captions. So let's do the captions. That will require a restart to OBS, because we need to install the captions plug in. Is that cool? I don't care
If you want to do open captions, I want to do captions. So let's do the captions. That will require a restart to OBS, because we need to install the captions plug in. Is that cool? I don't care Also, I'm just going to time check everybody, because I'm off in Lolloland and enjoying trying to do this. Do have the start stop at the top of the hour. I'm afraid. OK. All right. Well, what I'll do then, if y'all are OK with it, is I will stop streaming to your channels when you leave
Also, I'm just going to time check everybody, because I'm off in Lolloland and enjoying trying to do this. Do have the start stop at the top of the hour. I'm afraid. OK. All right. Well, what I'll do then, if y'all are OK with it, is I will stop streaming to your channels when you leave And just keep going. So that way, I actually get this done. Because I feel like the momentum is going. I don't want to drop the momentum. Total thing. So let's do one thing before I have to go, Jen. Let's make you a new scene. OK. Yes
And just keep going. So that way, I actually get this done. Because I feel like the momentum is going. I don't want to drop the momentum. Total thing. So let's do one thing before I have to go, Jen. Let's make you a new scene. OK. Yes OK. Yes. And Suz is asking, can you choose how many speech bubbles to show or will it always show the last five comments? So Suz, in showmy
OK. Yes. And Suz is asking, can you choose how many speech bubbles to show or will it always show the last five comments? So Suz, in showmychat, you'll get like a bunch of customization options before, yeah, what you see here, and there you see show latest messages or clear messages after a certain amount of seconds. So you have that customizability there. But that's a good question. Thank you. Default is 100. There you go
chat, you'll get like a bunch of customization options before, yeah, what you see here, and there you see show latest messages or clear messages after a certain amount of seconds. So you have that customizability there. But that's a good question. Thank you. Default is 100. There you go There you go. I think it also, I would need to change. And this is just going to be a lot of the customization. Because I think if I were to go up to like 600 instead, it'll make them thinner
There you go. I think it also, I would need to change. And this is just going to be a lot of the customization. Because I think if I were to go up to like 600 instead, it'll make them thinner And it's more of like that kind of thing that I just need to figure out the right dimensions to make it work. Cool. We go. And so keep going. So something like this may work better so that way people can see the entire conversation. Yeah. But it's just, you know, if I wanted to keep them going
And it's more of like that kind of thing that I just need to figure out the right dimensions to make it work. Cool. We go. And so keep going. So something like this may work better so that way people can see the entire conversation. Yeah. But it's just, you know, if I wanted to keep them going But yes, we were talking about making another scene. Yeah, so here's the thing. Hold on a second. Hold on a second. Yes. It would be quite annoying to be quite annoying to have to remake that entire scene a bit for bit. So why not take just Jen right click on it and duplicate? Oh, OK
But yes, we were talking about making another scene. Yeah, so here's the thing. Hold on a second. Hold on a second. Yes. It would be quite annoying to be quite annoying to have to remake that entire scene a bit for bit. So why not take just Jen right click on it and duplicate? Oh, OK And then I would say, what do you want to put here a screen share? What do you think? What is a screen share? That is going to be what it's called. So I'm now this is where things are going to get real
And then I would say, what do you want to put here a screen share? What do you think? What is a screen share? That is going to be what it's called. So I'm now this is where things are going to get real Like if you thought we were inceptioning before, just you wait, folks, because now what's up, Jen? Nothing. Oh, sorry. Sorry, sorry. I just wanted to make sure I didn't, I didn't want to make sure that I didn't. Yeah, sorry. You're going to stop saying sorry. You're amazing
Like if you thought we were inceptioning before, just you wait, folks, because now what's up, Jen? Nothing. Oh, sorry. Sorry, sorry. I just wanted to make sure I didn't, I didn't want to make sure that I didn't. Yeah, sorry. You're going to stop saying sorry. You're amazing You're amazing. And please, everyone tell, tell about how amazing it is, because I feel like we don't tell them that. And you have three of me telling you. You can't do it on my chat, though. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. Sorry. You're all very cool. So this is right now our just Jen screen share
You're amazing. And please, everyone tell, tell about how amazing it is, because I feel like we don't tell them that. And you have three of me telling you. You can't do it on my chat, though. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. Sorry. You're all very cool. So this is right now our just Jen screen share Now what we can do is start customizing it to make this a screen share enabled scene. So I think we want to do macOS screen capture. And let's call it, well, actually macOS screen capture is pretty accurate in my opinion. It is, but I'm going to put screen share, or I might get confused. OK
Now what we can do is start customizing it to make this a screen share enabled scene. So I think we want to do macOS screen capture. And let's call it, well, actually macOS screen capture is pretty accurate in my opinion. It is, but I'm going to put screen share, or I might get confused. OK OK. Yeah, this is what I meant by an exception. What's going on? You're a screen sharing, you're a screen share. So there you go. Yeah, that works. It's inside the twitch. So you can click on OK now. And just like you've done before, you can move the layout around. OK
OK. Yeah, this is what I meant by an exception. What's going on? You're a screen sharing, you're a screen share. So there you go. Yeah, that works. It's inside the twitch. So you can click on OK now. And just like you've done before, you can move the layout around. OK OK. Hey, this is going to be a super unstuck. And I know that I need to figure out something I want to figure out, y'all, is ping. Here, I'm going to go back to all of us really quick. No, no, no. There we go. Thank you. Close naps. We're coming to live
OK. Hey, this is going to be a super unstuck. And I know that I need to figure out something I want to figure out, y'all, is ping. Here, I'm going to go back to all of us really quick. No, no, no. There we go. Thank you. Close naps. We're coming to live I mean, this looks like we have to share our opinion on the news. I really don't know. I gotta go really far back. This is throwing me off. I think if I may use my executive power here, I'll bring us back here. If that's OK. Thank you. Because like seeing my face that close, I'm like, yeah
I mean, this looks like we have to share our opinion on the news. I really don't know. I gotta go really far back. This is throwing me off. I think if I may use my executive power here, I'll bring us back here. If that's OK. Thank you. Because like seeing my face that close, I'm like, yeah So I'm going to continue streaming and work on doing this. So an ad ping, which ping is a way for guests to join. It is something that I'll go into that after they leave. It's kind of cool. I'll explain. I'll show you guys next week
So I'm going to continue streaming and work on doing this. So an ad ping, which ping is a way for guests to join. It is something that I'll go into that after they leave. It's kind of cool. I'll explain. I'll show you guys next week Well, Ramon, you don't have to join the stream if you don't want to. You can also join the chat and at least see it. No, it's Tuesday. It's going to be like my last week of streaming. Because after that, I'm off to Chila for three weeks. So I will be a little bit off the ground
Well, Ramon, you don't have to join the stream if you don't want to. You can also join the chat and at least see it. No, it's Tuesday. It's going to be like my last week of streaming. Because after that, I'm off to Chila for three weeks. So I will be a little bit off the ground OK, you will have to watch it video on the man. Only close to your time zones. Yes, it is going to be weird. Folks, it's been a joy. Thank you for having me. See you soon. Bye, y'all. Yeah
OK, you will have to watch it video on the man. Only close to your time zones. Yes, it is going to be weird. Folks, it's been a joy. Thank you for having me. See you soon. Bye, y'all. Yeah Bye, y'all. Yeah. OK, and for everyone that wants to continue hanging out with me, please go to my channel, which is Gen-to-Nod. If not, I'll give you all a few minutes just because it's weird to stream to people's channels through not here. So I'm going to do this. Let's see
Bye, y'all. Yeah. OK, and for everyone that wants to continue hanging out with me, please go to my channel, which is Gen-to-Nod. If not, I'll give you all a few minutes just because it's weird to stream to people's channels through not here. So I'm going to do this. Let's see Let's see. I'm going to remove Ramon. Make sure it doesn't break anything. A. All right, one is done. And oh, I can do lures at the same time, remove, and save changes. Hey, I didn't break stuff. I think we are still streaming, which is exciting
Let's see. I'm going to remove Ramon. Make sure it doesn't break anything. A. All right, one is done. And oh, I can do lures at the same time, remove, and save changes. Hey, I didn't break stuff. I think we are still streaming, which is exciting So I, yes, I am going to be working on doing this at the same time. And just customize the OBS. I don't know for how long. We'll see how long OBS is going to take me. So let's get back over to that
So I, yes, I am going to be working on doing this at the same time. And just customize the OBS. I don't know for how long. We'll see how long OBS is going to take me. So let's get back over to that And I am going to customize some stuff real quick before, since I am setting up a screen share to my other screen. And I'm double screen sharing. I just want to make sure I don't have anything up that would be a little, little, not anybody else's business. There we go
And I am going to customize some stuff real quick before, since I am setting up a screen share to my other screen. And I'm double screen sharing. I just want to make sure I don't have anything up that would be a little, little, not anybody else's business. There we go There we go. That is a very proper way of saying things. Close this. OK, don't close this. That's me. And then, I know nobody can see the screen yet. I'm getting there. I also might continue. Once OBS is set up, I'll work on what I've been hyper-focused at lately, which is my website
There we go. That is a very proper way of saying things. Close this. OK, don't close this. That's me. And then, I know nobody can see the screen yet. I'm getting there. I also might continue. Once OBS is set up, I'll work on what I've been hyper-focused at lately, which is my website It's been a bit much. OK, cool. Oh, other ways. You can see a piece of my website. It is the first website I have fully built outside of like Squarespace or WordPress. So it has been interesting. So we need to fully, yeah, teach gente. It is technically teach gentek, which we will get there
It's been a bit much. OK, cool. Oh, other ways. You can see a piece of my website. It is the first website I have fully built outside of like Squarespace or WordPress. So it has been interesting. So we need to fully, yeah, teach gente. It is technically teach gentek, which we will get there OK, let me go to screen share and make this smaller. Oh, really quick. Before I do this, it always drives me bonkers streaming without some type of music in the background, because I don't know. It just creeps me out
OK, let me go to screen share and make this smaller. Oh, really quick. Before I do this, it always drives me bonkers streaming without some type of music in the background, because I don't know. It just creeps me out So this is something that StreamYard has is a set amount of pre-setup music, where we talked about this a bit last week with Ramon that we need to use our own music, some places we can get music
So this is something that StreamYard has is a set amount of pre-setup music, where we talked about this a bit last week with Ramon that we need to use our own music, some places we can get music I'm not going to worry about it right now, because just having the scene find themselves is going to be good for to start. So I am very excited that I'm able to see the chat over here, too, because half the time when I'm screen sharing, I can't see what I'm chat's I'm missing
I'm not going to worry about it right now, because just having the scene find themselves is going to be good for to start. So I am very excited that I'm able to see the chat over here, too, because half the time when I'm screen sharing, I can't see what I'm chat's I'm missing How do I feel like this is so weird? So let's, when you put the chat, I really how remote this is set up. So while we're on that topic, I'm going to go to Twitch and do y'all do any of you have favorite streamers that you're like, oh my gosh, they are so cool
How do I feel like this is so weird? So let's, when you put the chat, I really how remote this is set up. So while we're on that topic, I'm going to go to Twitch and do y'all do any of you have favorite streamers that you're like, oh my gosh, they are so cool Because I feel like I need to go copy some of their layouts. But that's not Ramon. I just figured it would bring up. It's going to be nice so we know. Here we go. No sound. Stop with the sound. And I've been on a lot of broadcast lately. Let's see if there's older videos that are his
Because I feel like I need to go copy some of their layouts. But that's not Ramon. I just figured it would bring up. It's going to be nice so we know. Here we go. No sound. Stop with the sound. And I've been on a lot of broadcast lately. Let's see if there's older videos that are his While it was in this one earlier, so I will go click through it. All right, this is how Ramon has it set up. So there is a graphic up at the top. He has his chat, his window, and then the screen turn. And then I believe captions are underneath that. So I like that idea
While it was in this one earlier, so I will go click through it. All right, this is how Ramon has it set up. So there is a graphic up at the top. He has his chat, his window, and then the screen turn. And then I believe captions are underneath that. So I like that idea This means I need to go create a graphic in Canva because as Ramon has all of these graphics, these aren't things that just come with OBS or with even stream yard. These are all things that we have to customize. So the one that I have in the background on stream yard is one that homie created
This means I need to go create a graphic in Canva because as Ramon has all of these graphics, these aren't things that just come with OBS or with even stream yard. These are all things that we have to customize. So the one that I have in the background on stream yard is one that homie created So oh, yeah, OK. I'm just trying to think what with Ramon's. Canva. I'm just going to go to my default docs because that's what I got. Makes it easier. OK. OK. Let's do this. I'm kind of lazy when it comes to this kind of stuff. So I just duplicate it and then I'll make it smaller
So oh, yeah, OK. I'm just trying to think what with Ramon's. Canva. I'm just going to go to my default docs because that's what I got. Makes it easier. OK. OK. Let's do this. I'm kind of lazy when it comes to this kind of stuff. So I just duplicate it and then I'll make it smaller My mic is in the way, so I can't see anything. I do like that Ramon has it at the top, but he also makes his look like a window. Maybe. Maybe. I like that he has a Twitter icon too. We can be this. I'm going to put it at the bottom. I feel weird having it at the top
My mic is in the way, so I can't see anything. I do like that Ramon has it at the top, but he also makes his look like a window. Maybe. Maybe. I like that he has a Twitter icon too. We can be this. I'm going to put it at the bottom. I feel weird having it at the top His looks really good at the top, but I don't want my name at the top. OK. So what are y'all working on today? Because this is something I have so much joy of streaming. Is I get to just like randomly talk to people while I'm working
His looks really good at the top, but I don't want my name at the top. OK. So what are y'all working on today? Because this is something I have so much joy of streaming. Is I get to just like randomly talk to people while I'm working And when I'm streaming my website stuff, or working on my website stuff a lot of times, I'll just watch other people's streams. So OK, elements. I want to add the like Twitter icon and those type of things. So we go look for them. Twitter. Let's see. LinkedIn
And when I'm streaming my website stuff, or working on my website stuff a lot of times, I'll just watch other people's streams. So OK, elements. I want to add the like Twitter icon and those type of things. So we go look for them. Twitter. Let's see. LinkedIn LinkedIn. Why not? We'll just get all of our graphics on there. Me, me, me. I'm just adding the first ones, but y'all, you could do whatever you want. And like, look at all these random ones. Anyway. Um, nice. I think it has a graphic. I feel like that's just going to be start getting too many
LinkedIn. Why not? We'll just get all of our graphics on there. Me, me, me. I'm just adding the first ones, but y'all, you could do whatever you want. And like, look at all these random ones. Anyway. Um, nice. I think it has a graphic. I feel like that's just going to be start getting too many Yeah, we'll just leave those two. What would you all put for your icons? Would you do you think that I should just be like Twitter and LinkedIn? Or would you say doing something else like, mastic on or TikTok or whatever the cool kids do now? Okay. I think that's subscribed
Yeah, we'll just leave those two. What would you all put for your icons? Would you do you think that I should just be like Twitter and LinkedIn? Or would you say doing something else like, mastic on or TikTok or whatever the cool kids do now? Okay. I think that's subscribed And so we want to download. We want it as a PNG. We only want this page. Download. OK. And then we go back here. And I wonder if that's me driving out. I actually don't know. Let's find out. It does. Oh, that is exciting. OK. So. All. Oh, look at that. Look at that. It worked. I did the alt
And so we want to download. We want it as a PNG. We only want this page. Download. OK. And then we go back here. And I wonder if that's me driving out. I actually don't know. Let's find out. It does. Oh, that is exciting. OK. So. All. Oh, look at that. Look at that. It worked. I did the alt I did the alt. That's the really nice human earlier. Hold this about. OK. So we got the alt. And then we. We. What else is remote? How's that up? Captions. We're going to have to do captions soon. So the screen share. Is that what you're going to do? Yeah
I did the alt. That's the really nice human earlier. Hold this about. OK. So we got the alt. And then we. We. What else is remote? How's that up? Captions. We're going to have to do captions soon. So the screen share. Is that what you're going to do? Yeah Like the majority of the screen, which makes sense. So. Oh, we have much room. There's just speaks down so well. Um. Hmm. Maybe this is too big. Oh, right at the middle. Here we go. And. And that just makes it bigger. Okay. Okay. Wow. I am going to slowly start keeping. Justing this randomly
Like the majority of the screen, which makes sense. So. Oh, we have much room. There's just speaks down so well. Um. Hmm. Maybe this is too big. Oh, right at the middle. Here we go. And. And that just makes it bigger. Okay. Okay. Wow. I am going to slowly start keeping. Justing this randomly I hope y'all are having fun watching it. I bet it's super, super exciting. I'm going to make this back to normal. Oh, you know what? I'm doing. I'm doing. I'm doing. I'm doing. There we go. And. As we can have this be. Have a border. These. And then. Let's see. The moon has the chat
I hope y'all are having fun watching it. I bet it's super, super exciting. I'm going to make this back to normal. Oh, you know what? I'm doing. I'm doing. I'm doing. I'm doing. There we go. And. As we can have this be. Have a border. These. And then. Let's see. The moon has the chat So I'll have to adjust that size. Move my face. Oh. I'm going to have to adjust that. Does the Alt to work on this too. Oh, it does. Okay. Look how happy that is. I'm not going to lay though. I feel like this isn't really my style of chat. Like I used to like it
So I'll have to adjust that size. Move my face. Oh. I'm going to have to adjust that. Does the Alt to work on this too. Oh, it does. Okay. Look how happy that is. I'm not going to lay though. I feel like this isn't really my style of chat. Like I used to like it This is the one that I originally wanted to go with. But now I'm like, I don't know if I really like it. I'm going to try it. I'm going to try it. I'm going to try it. I'm going to try it. Different. Where is. Oh my windows. I'll try it over here. Oh, yeah. That's true. That's true
This is the one that I originally wanted to go with. But now I'm like, I don't know if I really like it. I'm going to try it. I'm going to try it. I'm going to try it. I'm going to try it. Different. Where is. Oh my windows. I'll try it over here. Oh, yeah. That's true. That's true That's true. I do think it looks cool when it's not so thin. Let's try. Oh, wrong one. No. No. That didn't work. Oh, I got the wheel of death. Please go away. Will of death. Computer did not like that. Oh, yes, did not like that at all. I don't even know if you guys can still see things
That's true. I do think it looks cool when it's not so thin. Let's try. Oh, wrong one. No. No. That didn't work. Oh, I got the wheel of death. Please go away. Will of death. Computer did not like that. Oh, yes, did not like that at all. I don't even know if you guys can still see things I'm going to try it. I'm going to try it. Yeah. Oh, yes, it's just having so much fun spinning. Please go back. Oh, yes. No, no. All right. Let's see. I'm going to have to Google the four square. I want to have to do it in a while, which is quite nice. Very grateful for that. That's a good one
I'm going to try it. I'm going to try it. Yeah. Oh, yes, it's just having so much fun spinning. Please go back. Oh, yes. No, no. All right. Let's see. I'm going to have to Google the four square. I want to have to do it in a while, which is quite nice. Very grateful for that. That's a good one That's a good one. Okay, hi, we're getting there. And I just forget what all these icons mean. It's not exactly the the bitch way. Yeah, you're working. Oh, uh, just good. Oh, okay, let's do some and 1200 and what I think I'm like 400. You try it. And where you where you're not showing now
That's a good one. Okay, hi, we're getting there. And I just forget what all these icons mean. It's not exactly the the bitch way. Yeah, you're working. Oh, uh, just good. Oh, okay, let's do some and 1200 and what I think I'm like 400. You try it. And where you where you're not showing now What? How did I break you again? There's stuff which grabs on you. Yeah
What? How did I break you again? There's stuff which grabs on you. Yeah and do okay I am in the screen share one we're gonna call this chat chat make source visible with 500 600 chat with myself y'all I'm gonna be a weirdo unless anybody else wants to send me a chat see if it works hey okay I don't think it looks bad here I think it's because I don't necessarily like the colors but I could go try to customize that later that's fine is this still gonna be oh I don't want to change the height I want to change the width I don't want to be a squirrel okay and then the camera even on 19 19 19 10, 85 19, 20 19 I did that totally backwards and hello hello how's your monday going I'm having fun oh dude I get many for coffee I totally get that this is all I want to get I'm having fun trying to figure out OBS and how I want all of my scenes set up is that Ryan so cool we're gonna see oh my work I can see you sent a message someone sent a message it will be there shortly hey there we go oh the top cool is nice okay so this is exactly we need to read it so I'm trying to snap into places this isn't what I use my work and oh thank you soos yes I hope so this is such a fiddly process but you think it's worth the effort in the end I hope so I hope so this is definitely something that it's very annoying to me but this is another reason why I want to do it is if somebody comments something everybody can see it in the chat up above instead of me having to like remember to be like oh wait a minute because that is something that I definitely saw by watching other people's strings like the bigger streamers that they were doing I was like that's pretty sweet all right let's see what I can break with yay thank you thank you hello everyone my name is Jen this is teach Jen Tuck and I am working on streaming setting up what works I'm working setting up OBS to stream and it is definitely something that is I feel like everyone else could probably say this that it's kind of a pain to set up at least at the beginning and then it's pretty cool but I don't know if anybody else would say that but hello hello once again thank you for the raid come hang out follow all the good stuff ask questions I know that I want to do the captions so now I have to go see where I put it so we're gonna stop screen sharing for a minute because I have a feeling that I put it in my notes and I don't really want to show all my notes to you guys I did put it in my notes at least I'd be where it was easy to find ding ding ding ding ding ding ding that's shared my screen and at the moment if y'all want new music I can try to find something other than feed the ducks but they all kind of loop so I'm sorry close captioning not go as this one thing y'all may realize is I'm not the best at going and reading all the directions I'm always like I want to figure it out by myself it'll be fine and then I go read the directions it's you know I know it's a thing I do know that it's a thing I'll see and it didn't work so now I actually have to go read the directions okay again I'm glad you hear that because I'm always like it'll happen I also found that something that I'm working over working on getting over for streaming is the fact that in general I hate that I have to do this but I don't always like I skip a lot of words and I've been learning that a lot of it has to do with being dyslexic which cool great that's cool but I like I don't like listening to the page because text to speech is huge for me yes but I'm like I don't want to do that when it's stream and yeah I feel very silly doing it oh let me do the actual reading these features no you can enable and disable the caption preview doc and if anybody wants to follow along we did post this earlier but I just want to make sure that I'm not going to do it and if anybody wants to follow along we did post this earlier but I just want to make sure that you know not leaving anybody behind this is the link that we are using for the closed captions and what the closed captions do is they make it so as the stream is live it will make closed captions okay insulation and not windows insulation okay extract the zip copy and paste that into into plugins folder see it does help to try to read directions so we're going to get up here and then we are going to go to file into the plugins and the OBS studios setting folder oh close it and well you guys don't need to see what's up just kidding I need to like take those and put them somewhere else oh yes oh yes yes yes Alan totally like that is is my life I will say something that I've learned because Laura and I stream on every other Friday we stream on Python about Python and then the opposite Fridays I stream with Josh Goldberg about TypeScript and what we do is set it up that I have the book itself so I can take notes but I do a text to speech to be able to read the documentation but then I am pretty pretty things like this so it's actually been since streaming for the last six months I've learned a lot about how I learn and how to really pay attention to the content studies like I'm not going to miss a step but we're going to miss video recording stream play what this is not what it said extract the zip copy and paste that cloud closed captions plugin file into the folder in the OBS studio settings folder so I read it as going to the OBS and open settings which doesn't make sense so application that's a weird deal applications OBS we're going to see if I can do it this way I'll probably have to go no, okay fine fine I will do it the proper way I don't want to do it the proper way applications applications you didn't you don't think it's contents contents plugins new file mm I'm being blind, being blind if you're not seeing mail new file new folder new I just drag and drop it like why do I have to copy and paste it like that's just making my life more confused so we're going to see if this works and just drag and drop it cool it's over there and file show settings folder yep okay here OBS folder plugins that's it restart OBS okay restart OBS see if we have any luck and then click on settings in the new captions preview wait there should now be a cloud closed captions option in the bottom tools menu restribles tools no tools settings that's interesting I don't know what the bottom tools now menu is then let's go let's go oh that's cool tools closed captions enable captions settings caption source like I know I can do it with my mic I guess I'll do it that way for now since just me streaming and then I can figure it out from there later okay is there there we go okay I'm guessing there's no say it's one I'm getting that that's why I'm trying to go down hello hello no you're not picking up anything maybe if I close you I don't think I don't think I liked that streaming is right here not streaming CC off I thought I just did that my mic is also right here so I'm just you know okay closed captions it's an enable them off on on caption source yeti profanity filter off yay stream and local recordings let's see if that helps add point situation we can turn on safes transcripts yay I don't know what I just did but sure caption will oh did I mute myself I'm not a mute of myself when I accidentally inception dust maybe that's why it doesn't like the other moment but it has audio right there isn't the music not like the music I will turn off the music it's awkward but I'll turn it off I just want this to work so it's off caption source get oh no why's it not saving this there's no save button there is no save button so why are you not saving you look like you're supposed to scroll down though I'm going to move it to another screen just to see no you're not going to let me move you out of OBS okay we'll move OBS to a different maybe excuse me like a pay rude I'm not going to another screen oh for anybody that is using Mac I just got a new tool called wreck can go and it's really dope because I can actually I don't think it'll do it here but like on this side I can have a lock into place or at the top and it makes it full size oh y'all I think I need to do this um media source the BN media source I would like this to work so I can turn my music back on captioning enabled I will not caption the source when it's muted or not streamed oh but we'll still caption if volume is turned really low or nothing or a mountain was streaming weird okay well I'm going to put a pen in this and we'll ask remote later let me turn my cool music back on my cool music I just mean it is not me just talking to myself maybe we'll try this one we'll be day dreaming I dig it okay so look this one's pretty pretty well set up I'm actually going to delete yeah I'm going to delete this one and do it with ease and that I want to do multiple guess yeah let's see if I do I don't want another screen share I like want another camera just to I feel like it is a browser source this is all I'm using a tool called pain rich there we go let me go ahead and link it wow it's I mean then I'm just making it do it on the other oh there's no line okay oh we can have it ask questions well that's fun okay that is not what we're looking for all right that would be fun let's try make this a little easier to read oh oh so what am I I want pink regular pink oh I hit check it out instead of my dashboard what do you know okay so basically what happens is we can do join room and we will set it up on another camera we'll set it up on page time what you can't see but that's okay and we will oh I doesn't have that one but it has this one my phone microphone I can set this up this song is really annoying in case anybody wanted to know but I'm enjoying it oh let's see you oh you have to go this out last time oh whatever well I would be this fun okay even though you don't want to do the camera whatever I'm going to go meet myself so what this is going to do is I can go I can go to participants and copy a quick and bad link so if I go here and I go to guest one I don't know what I should do here we go and then it is 19 20 by 90 oh you you can at least assume size is mine yeah but it's not showing anything do do do razzling there we go do do do why is it not showing up I mean we can make it do the same camera oh it did show up yeah that's why that's not going to confuse me at all oh cameras on cameras on cameras and let's do this one okay hey it'll help me know which one is which so I'm setting up the full layer that I want to do because I want it to be able to uh break down each so that way no one can really tell the difference so we will and do this and that means this one needs to be a little higher this one needs to be lower more of it smaller if it's guest okay you don't know me in the chat should be slowly um there that's good I think sure sure um we need to work pink up we might have to hit them up really quick to upgrade my account because I was doing this at some point and then I got distracted and stopped is the easiest way of saying it okay baby thanks for hanging out Ryan and I need lots of green sharing there we so in pink what I'm doing right now is they can give you okay they work giving me um the links so that way you can have the different parts but embeds see it just has me it doesn't have my screen share so let's see if they can hang a month then really quick we have movement at least they're in movement we're just gonna go back to me while I look up let's see I'm also taking a second just to reply to all the people that um message me streaming a lot longer than I normally do you no go through discord because everybody has like different discord icons and I don't remember what didn't you remark this is a yay so thank you so so so great well we are we are paused for now um and hopefully some people will reply soon they might not so it's and that's totally okay that is the the the coolness or things of trying startups is you know there's only so much they can do all at once oh oh you're might have I'm glad I just broken up so and now I'm not showing you guys anything I'm currently trying to see if they reply but also if I can get it working just no boring give me a second hopefully I'll be back soon oh baby oh anyway do a screen share and then oh oh oh oh so what did you do you got this so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so it is just um som im really better now getting just super distracted and wanting to finish this one time so Oh, we can add a calendar too
and do okay I am in the screen share one we're gonna call this chat chat make source visible with 500 600 chat with myself y'all I'm gonna be a weirdo unless anybody else wants to send me a chat see if it works hey okay I don't think it looks bad here I think it's because I don't necessarily like the colors but I could go try to customize that later that's fine is this still gonna be oh I don't want to change the height I want to change the width I don't want to be a squirrel okay and then the camera even on 19 19 19 10, 85 19, 20 19 I did that totally backwards and hello hello how's your monday going I'm having fun oh dude I get many for coffee I totally get that this is all I want to get I'm having fun trying to figure out OBS and how I want all of my scenes set up is that Ryan so cool we're gonna see oh my work I can see you sent a message someone sent a message it will be there shortly hey there we go oh the top cool is nice okay so this is exactly we need to read it so I'm trying to snap into places this isn't what I use my work and oh thank you soos yes I hope so this is such a fiddly process but you think it's worth the effort in the end I hope so I hope so this is definitely something that it's very annoying to me but this is another reason why I want to do it is if somebody comments something everybody can see it in the chat up above instead of me having to like remember to be like oh wait a minute because that is something that I definitely saw by watching other people's strings like the bigger streamers that they were doing I was like that's pretty sweet all right let's see what I can break with yay thank you thank you hello everyone my name is Jen this is teach Jen Tuck and I am working on streaming setting up what works I'm working setting up OBS to stream and it is definitely something that is I feel like everyone else could probably say this that it's kind of a pain to set up at least at the beginning and then it's pretty cool but I don't know if anybody else would say that but hello hello once again thank you for the raid come hang out follow all the good stuff ask questions I know that I want to do the captions so now I have to go see where I put it so we're gonna stop screen sharing for a minute because I have a feeling that I put it in my notes and I don't really want to show all my notes to you guys I did put it in my notes at least I'd be where it was easy to find ding ding ding ding ding ding ding that's shared my screen and at the moment if y'all want new music I can try to find something other than feed the ducks but they all kind of loop so I'm sorry close captioning not go as this one thing y'all may realize is I'm not the best at going and reading all the directions I'm always like I want to figure it out by myself it'll be fine and then I go read the directions it's you know I know it's a thing I do know that it's a thing I'll see and it didn't work so now I actually have to go read the directions okay again I'm glad you hear that because I'm always like it'll happen I also found that something that I'm working over working on getting over for streaming is the fact that in general I hate that I have to do this but I don't always like I skip a lot of words and I've been learning that a lot of it has to do with being dyslexic which cool great that's cool but I like I don't like listening to the page because text to speech is huge for me yes but I'm like I don't want to do that when it's stream and yeah I feel very silly doing it oh let me do the actual reading these features no you can enable and disable the caption preview doc and if anybody wants to follow along we did post this earlier but I just want to make sure that I'm not going to do it and if anybody wants to follow along we did post this earlier but I just want to make sure that you know not leaving anybody behind this is the link that we are using for the closed captions and what the closed captions do is they make it so as the stream is live it will make closed captions okay insulation and not windows insulation okay extract the zip copy and paste that into into plugins folder see it does help to try to read directions so we're going to get up here and then we are going to go to file into the plugins and the OBS studios setting folder oh close it and well you guys don't need to see what's up just kidding I need to like take those and put them somewhere else oh yes oh yes yes yes Alan totally like that is is my life I will say something that I've learned because Laura and I stream on every other Friday we stream on Python about Python and then the opposite Fridays I stream with Josh Goldberg about TypeScript and what we do is set it up that I have the book itself so I can take notes but I do a text to speech to be able to read the documentation but then I am pretty pretty things like this so it's actually been since streaming for the last six months I've learned a lot about how I learn and how to really pay attention to the content studies like I'm not going to miss a step but we're going to miss video recording stream play what this is not what it said extract the zip copy and paste that cloud closed captions plugin file into the folder in the OBS studio settings folder so I read it as going to the OBS and open settings which doesn't make sense so application that's a weird deal applications OBS we're going to see if I can do it this way I'll probably have to go no, okay fine fine I will do it the proper way I don't want to do it the proper way applications applications you didn't you don't think it's contents contents plugins new file mm I'm being blind, being blind if you're not seeing mail new file new folder new I just drag and drop it like why do I have to copy and paste it like that's just making my life more confused so we're going to see if this works and just drag and drop it cool it's over there and file show settings folder yep okay here OBS folder plugins that's it restart OBS okay restart OBS see if we have any luck and then click on settings in the new captions preview wait there should now be a cloud closed captions option in the bottom tools menu restribles tools no tools settings that's interesting I don't know what the bottom tools now menu is then let's go let's go oh that's cool tools closed captions enable captions settings caption source like I know I can do it with my mic I guess I'll do it that way for now since just me streaming and then I can figure it out from there later okay is there there we go okay I'm guessing there's no say it's one I'm getting that that's why I'm trying to go down hello hello no you're not picking up anything maybe if I close you I don't think I don't think I liked that streaming is right here not streaming CC off I thought I just did that my mic is also right here so I'm just you know okay closed captions it's an enable them off on on caption source yeti profanity filter off yay stream and local recordings let's see if that helps add point situation we can turn on safes transcripts yay I don't know what I just did but sure caption will oh did I mute myself I'm not a mute of myself when I accidentally inception dust maybe that's why it doesn't like the other moment but it has audio right there isn't the music not like the music I will turn off the music it's awkward but I'll turn it off I just want this to work so it's off caption source get oh no why's it not saving this there's no save button there is no save button so why are you not saving you look like you're supposed to scroll down though I'm going to move it to another screen just to see no you're not going to let me move you out of OBS okay we'll move OBS to a different maybe excuse me like a pay rude I'm not going to another screen oh for anybody that is using Mac I just got a new tool called wreck can go and it's really dope because I can actually I don't think it'll do it here but like on this side I can have a lock into place or at the top and it makes it full size oh y'all I think I need to do this um media source the BN media source I would like this to work so I can turn my music back on captioning enabled I will not caption the source when it's muted or not streamed oh but we'll still caption if volume is turned really low or nothing or a mountain was streaming weird okay well I'm going to put a pen in this and we'll ask remote later let me turn my cool music back on my cool music I just mean it is not me just talking to myself maybe we'll try this one we'll be day dreaming I dig it okay so look this one's pretty pretty well set up I'm actually going to delete yeah I'm going to delete this one and do it with ease and that I want to do multiple guess yeah let's see if I do I don't want another screen share I like want another camera just to I feel like it is a browser source this is all I'm using a tool called pain rich there we go let me go ahead and link it wow it's I mean then I'm just making it do it on the other oh there's no line okay oh we can have it ask questions well that's fun okay that is not what we're looking for all right that would be fun let's try make this a little easier to read oh oh so what am I I want pink regular pink oh I hit check it out instead of my dashboard what do you know okay so basically what happens is we can do join room and we will set it up on another camera we'll set it up on page time what you can't see but that's okay and we will oh I doesn't have that one but it has this one my phone microphone I can set this up this song is really annoying in case anybody wanted to know but I'm enjoying it oh let's see you oh you have to go this out last time oh whatever well I would be this fun okay even though you don't want to do the camera whatever I'm going to go meet myself so what this is going to do is I can go I can go to participants and copy a quick and bad link so if I go here and I go to guest one I don't know what I should do here we go and then it is 19 20 by 90 oh you you can at least assume size is mine yeah but it's not showing anything do do do razzling there we go do do do why is it not showing up I mean we can make it do the same camera oh it did show up yeah that's why that's not going to confuse me at all oh cameras on cameras on cameras and let's do this one okay hey it'll help me know which one is which so I'm setting up the full layer that I want to do because I want it to be able to uh break down each so that way no one can really tell the difference so we will and do this and that means this one needs to be a little higher this one needs to be lower more of it smaller if it's guest okay you don't know me in the chat should be slowly um there that's good I think sure sure um we need to work pink up we might have to hit them up really quick to upgrade my account because I was doing this at some point and then I got distracted and stopped is the easiest way of saying it okay baby thanks for hanging out Ryan and I need lots of green sharing there we so in pink what I'm doing right now is they can give you okay they work giving me um the links so that way you can have the different parts but embeds see it just has me it doesn't have my screen share so let's see if they can hang a month then really quick we have movement at least they're in movement we're just gonna go back to me while I look up let's see I'm also taking a second just to reply to all the people that um message me streaming a lot longer than I normally do you no go through discord because everybody has like different discord icons and I don't remember what didn't you remark this is a yay so thank you so so so great well we are we are paused for now um and hopefully some people will reply soon they might not so it's and that's totally okay that is the the the coolness or things of trying startups is you know there's only so much they can do all at once oh oh you're might have I'm glad I just broken up so and now I'm not showing you guys anything I'm currently trying to see if they reply but also if I can get it working just no boring give me a second hopefully I'll be back soon oh baby oh anyway do a screen share and then oh oh oh oh so what did you do you got this so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so it is just um som im really better now getting just super distracted and wanting to finish this one time so Oh, we can add a calendar too Or not calendar, a countdown. Countdown. Oh, that's why I wasn't. Y'all, I figured out why my other screen wasn't that weed was because it was full screen. That helps. Fabs. Yeah. Oops. What did you do? Oh. Train, cheer
Or not calendar, a countdown. Countdown. Oh, that's why I wasn't. Y'all, I figured out why my other screen wasn't that weed was because it was full screen. That helps. Fabs. Yeah. Oops. What did you do? Oh. Train, cheer Train, cheer. Alright, so I think I have pain well enough, so I'm actually great to change this to duplicate this. And the duplicate is I'm going to say guest and Jen's screen share because they..
Train, cheer. Alright, so I think I have pain well enough, so I'm actually great to change this to duplicate this. And the duplicate is I'm going to say guest and Jen's screen share because they.... It's not working to show theirs, but then for just Jen, I'm going to be deleting this one, which is just one. Let's delete it. Let's delete it. Oh, delete it. I think. Okay, this one has both. This one does not have both. Okay, we're doing good. We're doing good. So I can move this down
.. It's not working to show theirs, but then for just Jen, I'm going to be deleting this one, which is just one. Let's delete it. Let's delete it. Oh, delete it. I think. Okay, this one has both. This one does not have both. Okay, we're doing good. We're doing good. So I can move this down I guess they're going to seem a little different. That's fine. Because then I can just do this. I'm going to get the truck bigger. I think it's easier to read. And then eventually I'll get the captions underneath. Alright, see you. And then we are going to duplicate this one. Deplicate
I guess they're going to seem a little different. That's fine. Because then I can just do this. I'm going to get the truck bigger. I think it's easier to read. And then eventually I'll get the captions underneath. Alright, see you. And then we are going to duplicate this one. Deplicate Deplicate. And then we're going to say just Jen. Here's now it's train, cheer. What. You need this out already in use. You see it on your scenes. Whatever. Okay, just done. Nick. Chat. Call that. I'm with you. Oh, good. And that means I can put it this. Spring chair. Need to change
Deplicate. And then we're going to say just Jen. Here's now it's train, cheer. What. You need this out already in use. You see it on your scenes. Whatever. Okay, just done. Nick. Chat. Call that. I'm with you. Oh, good. And that means I can put it this. Spring chair. Need to change Need to change. Yes, yes, I need to change. I need to make my face big. And then we can do... Option. Okay. Okay. So those ones are done. And up next, we can figure out a countdown. Okay. Okay. Okay. Because... Let's try this countdown. Count. Count. And a video. And I can do it from the browser
Need to change. Yes, yes, I need to change. I need to make my face big. And then we can do... Option. Okay. Okay. So those ones are done. And up next, we can figure out a countdown. Okay. Okay. Okay. Because... Let's try this countdown. Count. Count. And a video. And I can do it from the browser You can also choose a media source. See who. I guess I will go create one. Which y'all, I don't know if you knew this, but... Canva can do a lot of this. Um. Canva. And sprays me. I don't know if I can do like a vibrant countdown or anything. That's what I want to do, but..
You can also choose a media source. See who. I guess I will go create one. Which y'all, I don't know if you knew this, but... Canva can do a lot of this. Um. Canva. And sprays me. I don't know if I can do like a vibrant countdown or anything. That's what I want to do, but.... It doesn't mean I can't. I can't. As y'all can probably see my... Like a pewdiepie. I mean, I'm doing too much to do it. Probably think it's too hot in here. Not yet. And we can do... Oh. Lots of... Do our countdown? A slice. Oh, goodbye. Vinyos. I'm gonna leave this finger
.. It doesn't mean I can't. I can't. As y'all can probably see my... Like a pewdiepie. I mean, I'm doing too much to do it. Probably think it's too hot in here. Not yet. And we can do... Oh. Lots of... Do our countdown? A slice. Oh, goodbye. Vinyos. I'm gonna leave this finger So I'm just looking at... So this one's a five minute countdown. Oh, I like this one. Um. I like that. It also shows like what is... You know, the timeframe next to it. And... Let's see. I'm gonna quit OBS for now because I'm not using it, and my computer is... It's crazy. Yay
So I'm just looking at... So this one's a five minute countdown. Oh, I like this one. Um. I like that. It also shows like what is... You know, the timeframe next to it. And... Let's see. I'm gonna quit OBS for now because I'm not using it, and my computer is... It's crazy. Yay.. It's crazy. Yay. It seemed to like that I'm not using OBS. Answering yard at the same minute. And probably ping. Probably doesn't like that I'm also using ping. Okay. Hold on. Yes. Leave everything. It'll be okay. Sweet. Okay. It did like that more. Yay
.. It's crazy. Yay. It seemed to like that I'm not using OBS. Answering yard at the same minute. And probably ping. Probably doesn't like that I'm also using ping. Okay. Hold on. Yes. Leave everything. It'll be okay. Sweet. Okay. It did like that more. Yay Yay. Um, so I'm digging this five minute one, and... I saw a 30 minute one, which are just nice when you are going to stream for a long time. Like, what if you want to take a lunch or something? And then... See if there's any others that you want. I don't think so. I think these are pretty dope
Yay. Um, so I'm digging this five minute one, and... I saw a 30 minute one, which are just nice when you are going to stream for a long time. Like, what if you want to take a lunch or something? And then... See if there's any others that you want. I don't think so. I think these are pretty dope I will be putting in this... Do you need it? Do you need this? Yay. It is. Okay. Um... I'm gonna do this one. Okay. I can look it. Just be the countdown. I might look really dumb. I have no idea. Just trying it out. I like if I were to do this I need to remember that, but..
I will be putting in this... Do you need it? Do you need this? Yay. It is. Okay. Um... I'm gonna do this one. Okay. I can look it. Just be the countdown. I might look really dumb. I have no idea. Just trying it out. I like if I were to do this I need to remember that, but.... I don't think that looks bad. I think it matches brandy enough. I can do just the graphic by itself, which... Blink background is what is called, which would make sense. If I do that though... Blink background. Please. Oh, my God
.. I don't think that looks bad. I think it matches brandy enough. I can do just the graphic by itself, which... Blink background is what is called, which would make sense. If I do that though... Blink background. Please. Oh, my God Please. Oh, my God. Did you just replace the background place? Why are you not doing that? Okay. Whatever. Send it back. And... Good. I feel like I look that more. Oh, you can change the minutes? Oh, not more than five though. I was gonna get really excited about that but never mind
Please. Oh, my God. Did you just replace the background place? Why are you not doing that? Okay. Whatever. Send it back. And... Good. I feel like I look that more. Oh, you can change the minutes? Oh, not more than five though. I was gonna get really excited about that but never mind So let's do the same thing down here for the 30. I mean, I feel like they're gonna work. They're not like the coolest things ever but I also... I can probably go... I feel like it's weird that it doesn't match the branding. I never really want to..
So let's do the same thing down here for the 30. I mean, I feel like they're gonna work. They're not like the coolest things ever but I also... I can probably go... I feel like it's weird that it doesn't match the branding. I never really want to.... Oh, is this actually a countdown? No, you're an RFA countdown. I'm pretty sure if I had something... I wonder if Stream Elements has something like that. Stream Elements. Ryan got me looking into Stream Elements and I'm like, do this is cool. Let's go to the dashboard
.. Oh, is this actually a countdown? No, you're an RFA countdown. I'm pretty sure if I had something... I wonder if Stream Elements has something like that. Stream Elements. Ryan got me looking into Stream Elements and I'm like, do this is cool. Let's go to the dashboard Because they do have things that... Oh yeah, you guys can see my stats. I'm pretty excited. In G&E, you were out of got 39 followers so far. So hit 200 this month. I'm very excited about that. And it's all about consistency. Consistency. Overlays
Because they do have things that... Oh yeah, you guys can see my stats. I'm pretty excited. In G&E, you were out of got 39 followers so far. So hit 200 this month. I'm very excited about that. And it's all about consistency. Consistency. Overlays Overlays. I almost think this is not gonna have a timer because it's an overlay not a video. So... It's all about the countdown. I'm like, this is the one. Okay. Bye. Uh... Rit... Rit... Oh... Just do it. Gotta add the free. Gotta add the free. I'm not gonna add the list, but..
Overlays. I almost think this is not gonna have a timer because it's an overlay not a video. So... It's all about the countdown. I'm like, this is the one. Okay. Bye. Uh... Rit... Rit... Oh... Just do it. Gotta add the free. Gotta add the free. I'm not gonna add the list, but.... This one actually free. Yeah. Interesting. Pretty. You have a tablet. Um... Shhh... File type. Yeah, this does not have... Video. It's annoying. Assets free. Sorry. Whatever. We'll get there. We will get there. You know what? I'm gonna take this as a pause because I'm starting it hungry
.. This one actually free. Yeah. Interesting. Pretty. You have a tablet. Um... Shhh... File type. Yeah, this does not have... Video. It's annoying. Assets free. Sorry. Whatever. We'll get there. We will get there. You know what? I'm gonna take this as a pause because I'm starting it hungry And this is gonna take a lot of work. But I appreciate all of you coming to hang out. It's been fun. It's been a wrap. And I'm... Do the rest of my day. So, until a year of Monday, I appreciate you coming to hang out. Make sure you subscribe or follow or do all of the above
And this is gonna take a lot of work. But I appreciate all of you coming to hang out. It's been fun. It's been a wrap. And I'm... Do the rest of my day. So, until a year of Monday, I appreciate you coming to hang out. Make sure you subscribe or follow or do all of the above And coming out on Twitter. And I streamed four days a week. Three to four days a week. This week I'll be a punation. But... You know. It'll be cool. Alright, bye! Thanks for watching!
And coming out on Twitter. And I streamed four days a week. Three to four days a week. This week I'll be a punation. But... You know. It'll be cool. Alright, bye! Thanks for watching!