Hello, hello beautiful human. Welcome to the first in this series. We're going to go with this is the first one of us redoing teaching Jen Python on teach Jen tech with Laura who is also the co host of Miss Mondays. So if you ever want to hang out on Mondays, come hang out with us And my name is Jen and yeah, I mean, I'm not good at summarizing who I am. And we do this like every episode. So I'm just going to say go to teach shantak.com to find out more. How do people find you and reach out to you and talk to you and who are you? I am Laura
And my name is Jen and yeah, I mean, I'm not good at summarizing who I am. And we do this like every episode. So I'm just going to say go to teach shantak.com to find out more. How do people find you and reach out to you and talk to you and who are you? I am Laura I am a I have to I have to get used to my new spiel because it used to be I am a technical writer. However, I am now a developer advocate, which I'm very excited about. I work for suborbital software systems and web assembly and the extensibility spaces. People can find me. I exist on Twitter
I am a I have to I have to get used to my new spiel because it used to be I am a technical writer. However, I am now a developer advocate, which I'm very excited about. I work for suborbital software systems and web assembly and the extensibility spaces. People can find me. I exist on Twitter I exist on Twitter. However, I don't maintain a presence on Twitter anymore. But I am on master done, master done. And I think I've got my handle. Do I have my handle showing? Yes, I do. Yeah, yeah, yeah, my handle is in my my username. And you will still get tagged
I exist on Twitter. However, I don't maintain a presence on Twitter anymore. But I am on master done, master done. And I think I've got my handle. Do I have my handle showing? Yes, I do. Yeah, yeah, yeah, my handle is in my my username. And you will still get tagged She still gets tagged on everything on Twitter just so that way. People know who she is. Even though I don't she I know she doesn't use it. And that's okay. And yeah, I will eventually have my elevator pitch. I'm still working on trying it out
She still gets tagged on everything on Twitter just so that way. People know who she is. Even though I don't she I know she doesn't use it. And that's okay. And yeah, I will eventually have my elevator pitch. I'm still working on trying it out Although I did come up with a graphic yesterday for the end of the school. And I was like, it's it's close. View school, view nation for those just joining us. I hosted the last two days at view nation, which is for view. Oh, that's us. Just kidding
Although I did come up with a graphic yesterday for the end of the school. And I was like, it's it's close. View school, view nation for those just joining us. I hosted the last two days at view nation, which is for view. Oh, that's us. Just kidding Just kidding. You would think that I'd be like figure this out because I was doing this all day yesterday. Sure, screen. What screen am I going to get this one? There we go. Of look, it has projects. And it has contact me
Just kidding. You would think that I'd be like figure this out because I was doing this all day yesterday. Sure, screen. What screen am I going to get this one? There we go. Of look, it has projects. And it has contact me And I guess instead of thank you, I could just be like, yo hire me for devoral community. But then I don't have mental health on here. I don't know. I need to figure out how to talk about myself. Hmm
And I guess instead of thank you, I could just be like, yo hire me for devoral community. But then I don't have mental health on here. I don't know. I need to figure out how to talk about myself. Hmm Hmm. Are you looking for like a, a, a one like a gen in a single frame kind of? Like who is gen? Because I don't know how to describe it. Every time somebody asks me, they're like, what do you do? And I'm like, I don't know, but I need a job. It doesn't work out well
Hmm. Are you looking for like a, a, a one like a gen in a single frame kind of? Like who is gen? Because I don't know how to describe it. Every time somebody asks me, they're like, what do you do? And I'm like, I don't know, but I need a job. It doesn't work out well But, but Carrie, I got to, I heard that you guys had coffee or food or whatever for like two hours. I'm so glad we did. And I'm like, uh, that, that, you have to send me these pictures because it's like the carry going to where I want to go and hanging out with people I want to hang out with. Yeah
But, but Carrie, I got to, I heard that you guys had coffee or food or whatever for like two hours. I'm so glad we did. And I'm like, uh, that, that, you have to send me these pictures because it's like the carry going to where I want to go and hanging out with people I want to hang out with. Yeah Yeah. I can find the picture. Give me a sec. I saw it on the twitters. Yeah. And I put it on, mastodon. Here we go. Oh, shit, my screen. Or everyone can move to Denver, Bacari. I'm just saying. Well, you, uh, Jay, homie are all in California. Just different areas in California. There it is. Yeah
Yeah. I can find the picture. Give me a sec. I saw it on the twitters. Yeah. And I put it on, mastodon. Here we go. Oh, shit, my screen. Or everyone can move to Denver, Bacari. I'm just saying. Well, you, uh, Jay, homie are all in California. Just different areas in California. There it is. Yeah There it is. Yeah. Yeah. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. Nice. Yeah. Oh, we're inception mode. Yeah. All right. So to keep us on track, because this is our keep on track. Yeah, we created an entire extra stream to contain everything else. Yes. Yes. All right
There it is. Yeah. Yeah. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. Nice. Yeah. Oh, we're inception mode. Yeah. All right. So to keep us on track, because this is our keep on track. Yeah, we created an entire extra stream to contain everything else. Yes. Yes. All right Yes. All right. So we are learning how to automate more and stuff with Python. And I have learned since Lauren, I started doing this many, many months ago, quick learning recap. One, I, it's really hard for me to read something, uh, in general, I knew that I'm dyslexic
Yes. All right. So we are learning how to automate more and stuff with Python. And I have learned since Lauren, I started doing this many, many months ago, quick learning recap. One, I, it's really hard for me to read something, uh, in general, I knew that I'm dyslexic On this type of content, reading it on the screen and not having somewhere to put the notes, buy it. Even if I type by it, it doesn't make sense to me. So I have a physical book. Uh, other things I've learned is just my own learning styles. How to learn. Um, how to retain knowledge
On this type of content, reading it on the screen and not having somewhere to put the notes, buy it. Even if I type by it, it doesn't make sense to me. So I have a physical book. Uh, other things I've learned is just my own learning styles. How to learn. Um, how to retain knowledge Keep going if I don't understand it. Don't get stuck and give up. And try to think of anything else. There are flashcards like Anky. Anky? That how you say it? I think so. I would say Anky. I don't know. I think I've heard also Anky. Anky? Okay. I don't know
Keep going if I don't understand it. Don't get stuck and give up. And try to think of anything else. There are flashcards like Anky. Anky? That how you say it? I think so. I would say Anky. I don't know. I think I've heard also Anky. Anky? Okay. I don't know I don't know. Onk like, uh, the Egyptian symbol, I guess. Okay. That's spelled differently. So, um, really quick. I think you are frozen. I am totally frozen. And why is that? I don't know. Are you free? Me, Jen? No, the serious face like, oh, I'm still frozen. That's fun. I'm still frozen
I don't know. Onk like, uh, the Egyptian symbol, I guess. Okay. That's spelled differently. So, um, really quick. I think you are frozen. I am totally frozen. And why is that? I don't know. Are you free? Me, Jen? No, the serious face like, oh, I'm still frozen. That's fun. I'm still frozen I'm still frozen. Yeah, you're technically. All right. Well, why don't we just, we just carry on and I will be trying to stop my camera. Will I try to fix my camera? Sweet. Um, yes. Ian, we are learning. Hi, then
I'm still frozen. Yeah, you're technically. All right. Well, why don't we just, we just carry on and I will be trying to stop my camera. Will I try to fix my camera? Sweet. Um, yes. Ian, we are learning. Hi, then Hi, then. And so a lot of it came to, I've been since starting to teach Gen Tech about six, seven months ago. I've learned that it's a lot easier for me to, um, I guess I'm really good at being handed a really big project and going, hey, figure this out based on something else
Hi, then. And so a lot of it came to, I've been since starting to teach Gen Tech about six, seven months ago. I've learned that it's a lot easier for me to, um, I guess I'm really good at being handed a really big project and going, hey, figure this out based on something else And it's like a puzzle. And I'm like, yeah, I got that. Yet what I don't quite understand and have that had a struggle on is the basics. So I do a lot in JavaScript already. I do a lot of React, um, hosting and doing work with view, JavaScript, view JS, Nux.js, um, TypeScript
And it's like a puzzle. And I'm like, yeah, I got that. Yet what I don't quite understand and have that had a struggle on is the basics. So I do a lot in JavaScript already. I do a lot of React, um, hosting and doing work with view, JavaScript, view JS, Nux.js, um, TypeScriptjs, um, TypeScript. There's a lot of, there's a lot of JavaScript in my world yet I'm also learning Python because the way that I've gone after JavaScript is how I just said of this like, Hey, take this really big idea and see if you can mush it together and figure it out
js, um, TypeScript. There's a lot of, there's a lot of JavaScript in my world yet I'm also learning Python because the way that I've gone after JavaScript is how I just said of this like, Hey, take this really big idea and see if you can mush it together and figure it out And the way that I am learning Python is from the exact opposite of we're going to do the bear basics and figure it out. So we are going to screen share the, because this is available, online for free. So we are going to go over the parts that I am stuck on
And the way that I am learning Python is from the exact opposite of we're going to do the bear basics and figure it out. So we are going to screen share the, because this is available, online for free. So we are going to go over the parts that I am stuck on And a lot of it is just the bear basics and they're more of concepts than necessarily the actual code itself. And I don't know if Laura is still here or if she disappeared on us. I think she disappeared on us. That's okay. Because I am getting to figure this out
And a lot of it is just the bear basics and they're more of concepts than necessarily the actual code itself. And I don't know if Laura is still here or if she disappeared on us. I think she disappeared on us. That's okay. Because I am getting to figure this out And the another reason in case I didn't say this is I got the book. So that way I can take notes in the margins. So I actually listen to it with a screen reader or a text to speech. And then I'm reading it at the same time so I can pause the screen reader and write my notes or go back a few times
And the another reason in case I didn't say this is I got the book. So that way I can take notes in the margins. So I actually listen to it with a screen reader or a text to speech. And then I'm reading it at the same time so I can pause the screen reader and write my notes or go back a few times And that's helped a ton because I'm visualizing it while I'm hearing it where me reading out loud if anybody wants to see something really funny. I have decided that the speaker is some few nation who wanted to have the most syllables ever in their titles. So it was really fun
And that's helped a ton because I'm visualizing it while I'm hearing it where me reading out loud if anybody wants to see something really funny. I have decided that the speaker is some few nation who wanted to have the most syllables ever in their titles. So it was really fun And I don't think I messed up too many of them. So yeah, it's all practice and Laura's back. Yay! And back. Yeah, root of your camera to freeze. I know. But yes, so this is the Teach Gen text show and it's teaching Gen Python
And I don't think I messed up too many of them. So yeah, it's all practice and Laura's back. Yay! And back. Yeah, root of your camera to freeze. I know. But yes, so this is the Teach Gen text show and it's teaching Gen Python Yet we are going to stream it to Laura's as well because Laura's teaching it. And it's true. The mastery. And we're 20 today. We are. I was getting ready and I slapped on some red lipstick which I never do because I was like, oh, because Gen usually wears red lipstick and then we'll add
Yet we are going to stream it to Laura's as well because Laura's teaching it. And it's true. The mastery. And we're 20 today. We are. I was getting ready and I slapped on some red lipstick which I never do because I was like, oh, because Gen usually wears red lipstick and then we'll add And then Gen was not wearing red lipstick and Gen said, hey, I like your red lipstick. And I was like, yeah, it was going to be this thing. It's a Gen run and put on red lipstick. So we're the glasses and red lipstick folks today. Yes, yes. Agreed. Agreed. All right
And then Gen was not wearing red lipstick and Gen said, hey, I like your red lipstick. And I was like, yeah, it was going to be this thing. It's a Gen run and put on red lipstick. So we're the glasses and red lipstick folks today. Yes, yes. Agreed. Agreed. All right Agreed. All right. So because that is one thing people should learn about me is I just love lipstick. And like, it's the easiest thing. Like you don't have to do the rest of your makeup and we'll still get put together
Agreed. All right. So because that is one thing people should learn about me is I just love lipstick. And like, it's the easiest thing. Like you don't have to do the rest of your makeup and we'll still get put together This is like an old boss told me that when she's like, because I was in person sales. So like you're the way you looked did influence more. I don't want to say that it was like necessary, but it did influence more. So she was like, yeah, just throw on lipstick
This is like an old boss told me that when she's like, because I was in person sales. So like you're the way you looked did influence more. I don't want to say that it was like necessary, but it did influence more. So she was like, yeah, just throw on lipstick People will be like, you look more parts together if you do. I'm like, what? At first I was really scared. And then I was like, oh, no, I love lipstick. This is like, this is life right here. So lipstick goes with anything. Y'all, I don't care who you are
People will be like, you look more parts together if you do. I'm like, what? At first I was really scared. And then I was like, oh, no, I love lipstick. This is like, this is life right here. So lipstick goes with anything. Y'all, I don't care who you are You can wear it no matter where you are, who you are, what you want to go to. Doctors may make you remove it for doctor's appointments, but other than that, you know. All right. So quick run through before I go to chapter one is I can make this even bigger. Yeah
You can wear it no matter where you are, who you are, what you want to go to. Doctors may make you remove it for doctor's appointments, but other than that, you know. All right. So quick run through before I go to chapter one is I can make this even bigger. Yeah Yeah. Is automate the boring stuff? And with Al Swygart, is that how we decided his name this time? I think it's maybe Gert, like Swygart. Swygurt. Swygurt. And he wrote, I have the second edition. I have the second edition. There might be many more editions out there
Yeah. Is automate the boring stuff? And with Al Swygart, is that how we decided his name this time? I think it's maybe Gert, like Swygart. Swygurt. Swygurt. And he wrote, I have the second edition. I have the second edition. There might be many more editions out there So we just kind of roll with it. And hopefully it works. It is all on Python 3. So we don't talk about Python 2 very much. And this first part of it just goes through a lot of like, you can be a total noob. This is to get some basic commands going so you can understand programming enough
So we just kind of roll with it. And hopefully it works. It is all on Python 3. So we don't talk about Python 2 very much. And this first part of it just goes through a lot of like, you can be a total noob. This is to get some basic commands going so you can understand programming enough And that's it. So it's definitely, oh yes, let me see if I can do a shout out. Shout out. Shout out. Oh. Swygart. Swygurt. I don't know if this is going to work. Maybe, oh, I think it did. I don't know, but you got to shout out on my channel
And that's it. So it's definitely, oh yes, let me see if I can do a shout out. Shout out. Shout out. Oh. Swygart. Swygurt. I don't know if this is going to work. Maybe, oh, I think it did. I don't know, but you got to shout out on my channel And if we keep going down, I really like this because in the book, and this is something that I think the book has that is a little easier when doing the textus speech is during the introduction. It also went through, it might be in the introduction chapter. Let's click it. It probably is
And if we keep going down, I really like this because in the book, and this is something that I think the book has that is a little easier when doing the textus speech is during the introduction. It also went through, it might be in the introduction chapter. Let's click it. It probably is It probably is. Oh, it is. Yeah, it breaks down what all the chapters are for. So I'm going to keep scrolling down. Keep scrolling down. Keep going. Yeah, let's go. I think it's super awesome of of Al to make this available for free
It probably is. Oh, it is. Yeah, it breaks down what all the chapters are for. So I'm going to keep scrolling down. Keep scrolling down. Keep going. Yeah, let's go. I think it's super awesome of of Al to make this available for free And if you can buy the book, you should buy the book to support Al's awesome work. But yeah, agree. That's an excellent contribution to the community. It is. It is. And it's something that has made it so much easier to learn at the same time
And if you can buy the book, you should buy the book to support Al's awesome work. But yeah, agree. That's an excellent contribution to the community. It is. It is. And it's something that has made it so much easier to learn at the same time Even like not everyone may be able to buy the book, but they can also use the website to be able to read this. So I do want to go through just the layout of the book. It's part one is programming basics. I'm pretty excited about all of this because I'm still stuck on Python basics. So
Even like not everyone may be able to buy the book, but they can also use the website to be able to read this. So I do want to go through just the layout of the book. It's part one is programming basics. I'm pretty excited about all of this because I'm still stuck on Python basics. So So. And then part two is automating tasks. So we're actually going to get into creating more projects. And if I keep going down, that might be it. Yeah, that's it. I'm really excited for chapter 18, like getting to chapter 18 is what's going to keep me going
So. And then part two is automating tasks. So we're actually going to get into creating more projects. And if I keep going down, that might be it. Yeah, that's it. I'm really excited for chapter 18, like getting to chapter 18 is what's going to keep me going Which I'm guessing I probably jump ahead, see if I can figure it out. Knowing me that's what I would normally do. But we're working on learning from the beginning. So let me go back to chapter one. And for this y'all, I will link it again. It is also on the repo that was created for this stream
Which I'm guessing I probably jump ahead, see if I can figure it out. Knowing me that's what I would normally do. But we're working on learning from the beginning. So let me go back to chapter one. And for this y'all, I will link it again. It is also on the repo that was created for this stream So let me grab that too. Because we have it where. If you're wanting to do follow with us review every week, read your chapter beforehand with us. You are welcome. And we'll be here to ask questions. Hello, I did that. Oh, it just shows a window because that's weird
So let me grab that too. Because we have it where. If you're wanting to do follow with us review every week, read your chapter beforehand with us. You are welcome. And we'll be here to ask questions. Hello, I did that. Oh, it just shows a window because that's weird What up, Jay? Jay is joining us from the YouTube. I don't know why I say the YouTube's or the Twitter or the TikTok. I think it's just showing my age. I was going to say I think it's because you're a millennial because how do I know that? I am a millennial
What up, Jay? Jay is joining us from the YouTube. I don't know why I say the YouTube's or the Twitter or the TikTok. I think it's just showing my age. I was going to say I think it's because you're a millennial because how do I know that? I am a millennial And it was all about the like 10 years ago, maybe 12 years ago, it was all about the. Oh, yeah, I think it was like, oh no, it's longer ago. It was like 2008. Okay. I was hoping it was because I'm an old lady. At least my brother, my one year old grandmother calls me an old lady
And it was all about the like 10 years ago, maybe 12 years ago, it was all about the. Oh, yeah, I think it was like, oh no, it's longer ago. It was like 2008. Okay. I was hoping it was because I'm an old lady. At least my brother, my one year old grandmother calls me an old lady So I'm going with it. She's been calling me an old lady since I was 25. Okay. So I'm convinced, but you know, at the same time. So really quick. What did I do? Yes, yes, yes. Okay, cool. It did come over here. We do have this repo where I will put all of our projects. If we can
So I'm going with it. She's been calling me an old lady since I was 25. Okay. So I'm convinced, but you know, at the same time. So really quick. What did I do? Yes, yes, yes. Okay, cool. It did come over here. We do have this repo where I will put all of our projects. If we can If we can. And also it will have all of the links. And I will add in the things that I got stuck on down here after the stream every week. And some lessons learned. So if you want to stay up to date, know what to read in the future. It will be where you can be up to date on everything. All right
If we can. And also it will have all of the links. And I will add in the things that I got stuck on down here after the stream every week. And some lessons learned. So if you want to stay up to date, know what to read in the future. It will be where you can be up to date on everything. All right All right. On to Python basics. And I need to find chapter one. Because I'm going off in my book to ask questions. That's where I wrote them. Oh, the first thing that I don't want to ask about. Oh, actually, there's one right before it. I know we're not doing this in a. IDE right now
All right. On to Python basics. And I need to find chapter one. Because I'm going off in my book to ask questions. That's where I wrote them. Oh, the first thing that I don't want to ask about. Oh, actually, there's one right before it. I know we're not doing this in a. IDE right now IDE right now. But do you have to write out the greater than's? Or is that just here to show the difference? It's more like. Pupp open a terminal. And I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. But I'm going to read it. But it's harder to remember. Like for my brain anyway
IDE right now. But do you have to write out the greater than's? Or is that just here to show the difference? It's more like. Pupp open a terminal. And I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. But I'm going to read it. But it's harder to remember. Like for my brain anyway It's harder to remember. If you. If you don't know why something is the case, it's harder to remember what the answer is. So it's, it's more like. Yeah. So I think you've, you've changed your
It's harder to remember. If you. If you don't know why something is the case, it's harder to remember what the answer is. So it's, it's more like. Yeah. So I think you've, you've changed your I think it's more like a default terminal, like not hyper, but just like the, the terminal, like if you go into like systems utility terminal. Or that. I don't know where anything is. I just search it all the time. Oh, okay. Well anyway, see that, that like percentage sign. It's the same idea
I think it's more like a default terminal, like not hyper, but just like the, the terminal, like if you go into like systems utility terminal. Or that. I don't know where anything is. I just search it all the time. Oh, okay. Well anyway, see that, that like percentage sign. It's the same idea It's the same idea. It's like a prompt. It's like a type here. So that's why if you look at the page again. Back where you type, there are the. Carrots, the right face and carrots, as like this is where you type. And then where the computer. Print sit back. It's there's there are no. Carrots
It's the same idea. It's like a prompt. It's like a type here. So that's why if you look at the page again. Back where you type, there are the. Carrots, the right face and carrots, as like this is where you type. And then where the computer. Print sit back. It's there's there are no. Carrots Carrots. If there's no prompt. Oh, I'm digging. What everybody saying. It's all bits is saying the terminal gives you, I guess this term is carrots, which I'm, I'm going to definitely be right and down to show readiness for your type to command. And yes, did it prompt
Carrots. If there's no prompt. Oh, I'm digging. What everybody saying. It's all bits is saying the terminal gives you, I guess this term is carrots, which I'm, I'm going to definitely be right and down to show readiness for your type to command. And yes, did it prompt I wouldn't have thought of that either. And then. J's question. Have I used Jupiter notebook? No. Nope. We have not. She has used her repel in like the mu. And I wouldn't have thought her edition would be a good idea, right. We don't have any ideas. But not actually in a Jupiter notebook
I wouldn't have thought of that either. And then. J's question. Have I used Jupiter notebook? No. Nope. We have not. She has used her repel in like the mu. And I wouldn't have thought her edition would be a good idea, right. We don't have any ideas. But not actually in a Jupiter notebook We haven't gotten there yet. And I'm the book does suggest using you. And I do want to say this for everyone there, I'm doing things a little differently on that aspect. Because I use vs code for everything
We haven't gotten there yet. And I'm the book does suggest using you. And I do want to say this for everyone there, I'm doing things a little differently on that aspect. Because I use vs code for everything wanted to do it in VS Code so that it was more like the way that it would be if you were building a project for a job. Oh, oh, yes, yes, code does support notebooks. Yeah, so that's a thing. Oh, I remember Jay was on the stream a while ago. I learned a lot from that stream
wanted to do it in VS Code so that it was more like the way that it would be if you were building a project for a job. Oh, oh, yes, yes, code does support notebooks. Yeah, so that's a thing. Oh, I remember Jay was on the stream a while ago. I learned a lot from that stream I'm of like all of the customizations in VS Code and we got my VS Code setup and it's pretty now. Yeah, so that actually makes a lot of sense on. Let me grab this link and send it to everybody. So that way, I need to definitely keep this tab open. I am learning how to use Arc Browser
I'm of like all of the customizations in VS Code and we got my VS Code setup and it's pretty now. Yeah, so that actually makes a lot of sense on. Let me grab this link and send it to everybody. So that way, I need to definitely keep this tab open. I am learning how to use Arc Browser In case anybody is wondering why I'm taking so long to do anything, I'm like, I don't know what I'm doing. While you work on that, I want to shout out that Jay is going to be on my stream with me for my company a week from today. At this time next week, Jay and I will be streaming
In case anybody is wondering why I'm taking so long to do anything, I'm like, I don't know what I'm doing. While you work on that, I want to shout out that Jay is going to be on my stream with me for my company a week from today. At this time next week, Jay and I will be streaming I don't have, I'm working on the graphic that's going to happen later today and then then I'll have a link because I have to have the graphic in order to make the create the thingy and and all that stuff. Jay's remark. We're a reply. Yes, please email Jay. Yep, we'll do
I don't have, I'm working on the graphic that's going to happen later today and then then I'll have a link because I have to have the graphic in order to make the create the thingy and and all that stuff. Jay's remark. We're a reply. Yes, please email Jay. Yep, we'll do Yep, we'll do. Okay, here is the link that Jay posted for all the other channels of VS Code that I have up here
Yep, we'll do. Okay, here is the link that Jay posted for all the other channels of VS Code that I have up here So I will please give me a moment because I am going to take notes really quick and make sure because I have a big reason that I'm wanting to do live learning and showing that I'm taking these notes is because I feel like I never knew how to study. I never knew how to learn
So I will please give me a moment because I am going to take notes really quick and make sure because I have a big reason that I'm wanting to do live learning and showing that I'm taking these notes is because I feel like I never knew how to study. I never knew how to learn So that's that's on we are saying that out loud. But like if I couldn't figure it out, I didn't necessarily know how to go after it. They don't teach it. They know how to learn in schools, which is wild. It should be an ongoing. Yeah, yeah
So that's that's on we are saying that out loud. But like if I couldn't figure it out, I didn't necessarily know how to go after it. They don't teach it. They know how to learn in schools, which is wild. It should be an ongoing. Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah. And these are things that if you do look at when lawyer and I first started kind of going through all of these, it took quite a while to get to this point. This is another reason we started Miss Khmunday and it's been a big journey of just learning how to learn
Yeah, yeah. And these are things that if you do look at when lawyer and I first started kind of going through all of these, it took quite a while to get to this point. This is another reason we started Miss Khmunday and it's been a big journey of just learning how to learn And so I'm please give me a moment. So Let's group of decision tube distance percentage in pl Double Oh my pencil. And uh, cheap, notebook works with the ESC. Okay. So in my, I really should set up my phone so that way I can just show this as well
And so I'm please give me a moment. So Let's group of decision tube distance percentage in pl Double Oh my pencil. And uh, cheap, notebook works with the ESC. Okay. So in my, I really should set up my phone so that way I can just show this as well Um, and as I'm writing notes, but basically we'll do that for next dream. Random other notes that are added and it may not make sense to anyone else, but it makes enough sense to me that I know those are called carrots and that it is the prompt like percentage sign in terminal
Um, and as I'm writing notes, but basically we'll do that for next dream. Random other notes that are added and it may not make sense to anyone else, but it makes enough sense to me that I know those are called carrots and that it is the prompt like percentage sign in terminal And then also VS code works, Jupyter works with VS code. So very exciting things to do. Uh, also called pointy brackets. Um, and it's actually it's a different spelling. It's not carrot like the vegetable. It's carrot like a diamond. C-A-R-E-T
And then also VS code works, Jupyter works with VS code. So very exciting things to do. Uh, also called pointy brackets. Um, and it's actually it's a different spelling. It's not carrot like the vegetable. It's carrot like a diamond. C-A-R-E-T C-A-R-E-T. It sort of works both ways, right? Because carrots are pointy. I was going to say how it looks actually. Right. Yeah. So it works both ways
C-A-R-E-T. It sort of works both ways, right? Because carrots are pointy. I was going to say how it looks actually. Right. Yeah. So it works both ways But if you were to, the only reason I mentioned it is because if you were to search for it, it will get there faster if you know the correct spelling. And I appreciate that because that is definitely something y'all language
But if you were to, the only reason I mentioned it is because if you were to search for it, it will get there faster if you know the correct spelling. And I appreciate that because that is definitely something y'all language What's the thing? Uh, I wish they were carrots that would be an awesome book. Mm hmm. I like that. I feel like Jay, you now know the title of your book that you will write one day. You're like coding Python for babies book. Jay. Uh, it should have, should have carrot brackets for sure
What's the thing? Uh, I wish they were carrots that would be an awesome book. Mm hmm. I like that. I feel like Jay, you now know the title of your book that you will write one day. You're like coding Python for babies book. Jay. Uh, it should have, should have carrot brackets for sure I just announced that Jay is writing a Python for babies book. And obviously I do not in fact uh dictate what Jay has to do. See that is a great way of remembering it. Oh, that's so cute. Um, okay. I really want I want Jay's Python for babies book. This is cracking me up
I just announced that Jay is writing a Python for babies book. And obviously I do not in fact uh dictate what Jay has to do. See that is a great way of remembering it. Oh, that's so cute. Um, okay. I really want I want Jay's Python for babies book. This is cracking me up Um, actually, I like that you have it in quotes because that is like, um, for anybody that may be new to this, this, this world of actually is a way that people get into fights on social media of like actually. So I love that it's in quotes and like this
Um, actually, I like that you have it in quotes because that is like, um, for anybody that may be new to this, this, this world of actually is a way that people get into fights on social media of like actually. So I love that it's in quotes and like this Uh, carrot points upwards and the ankle brackets point left to right. It's true. Carrot without a modifier is the like exponent sign
Uh, carrot points upwards and the ankle brackets point left to right. It's true. Carrot without a modifier is the like exponent sign It's on like six or something, but like, uh, in my computer science classes, Berk and Ode, um, they were referred to as left brackets and or like left carrot and right carrot. We didn't call them angle brackets
It's on like six or something, but like, uh, in my computer science classes, Berk and Ode, um, they were referred to as left brackets and or like left carrot and right carrot. We didn't call them angle brackets That's like a term that I've been hearing recently, but we didn't, we didn't call them angle brackets or pointy brackets. It was left carrot and right carrot. All of these things, of course, all make a ton of sense and are all good
That's like a term that I've been hearing recently, but we didn't, we didn't call them angle brackets or pointy brackets. It was left carrot and right carrot. All of these things, of course, all make a ton of sense and are all good Um, also just want to point out the fact that I am, yes, uh, and they also said that's the close off in it. They do. Oh, yeah, they make it a funny thing. They make it a funny thing. Um, what? Stop letting me. I think it's distract. Yeah, but I like this better because it made me think of a cat
Um, also just want to point out the fact that I am, yes, uh, and they also said that's the close off in it. They do. Oh, yeah, they make it a funny thing. They make it a funny thing. Um, what? Stop letting me. I think it's distract. Yeah, but I like this better because it made me think of a cat And yesterday during view nation, page was on and, but anyway, um, I was going to say, I really appreciate that it's all bet said that it is carrot, felt like this because this is what Laura said as well, but I wrote it with a K. And this is about learning. It's like Laura said it
And yesterday during view nation, page was on and, but anyway, um, I was going to say, I really appreciate that it's all bet said that it is carrot, felt like this because this is what Laura said as well, but I wrote it with a K. And this is about learning. It's like Laura said it Laura spelled it right. Didn't realize that I wrote it wrong until I saw it and went, that is not how I did. All right. Oh, geez. I've never heard of octo Thorpe and I love it. What is an oxygen cure? I think it's the same. It's like this, this, like this symbol has all these different names. Oh
Laura spelled it right. Didn't realize that I wrote it wrong until I saw it and went, that is not how I did. All right. Oh, geez. I've never heard of octo Thorpe and I love it. What is an oxygen cure? I think it's the same. It's like this, this, like this symbol has all these different names. Oh Oh. Octo Thorpe. Octo Thorpe. All right. I'm, this is why we get distracted. It is
Oh. Octo Thorpe. Octo Thorpe. All right. I'm, this is why we get distracted. It is It is. Okay, everybody needs to make sure that they're here on Mondays because we do learning Python every other week, but we do miss Mondays every Monday that we need, we like when we start feeling like we need to talk about something else, I'm just going to put it on a list. Yes. Okay
It is. Okay, everybody needs to make sure that they're here on Mondays because we do learning Python every other week, but we do miss Mondays every Monday that we need, we like when we start feeling like we need to talk about something else, I'm just going to put it on a list. Yes. Okay Yes. Okay. So please put octo Thorpe. I am putting octo Thorpe. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. So let's go back here. Let me go to my next thing of what I don't know. Oh, it's this. It is this
Yes. Okay. So please put octo Thorpe. I am putting octo Thorpe. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. So let's go back here. Let me go to my next thing of what I don't know. Oh, it's this. It is this It is this. I actually have the operations in a question later on as well of like, how do you remember these? Because math and I, not the greatest, which you don't even know math, we have a full like probably two episodes, not needing to know a math program. Yet I will say it may help
It is this. I actually have the operations in a question later on as well of like, how do you remember these? Because math and I, not the greatest, which you don't even know math, we have a full like probably two episodes, not needing to know a math program. Yet I will say it may help And if you already understand some of these concepts and symbols, I do think that would help, but it's not necessarily something you need. Hmm
And if you already understand some of these concepts and symbols, I do think that would help, but it's not necessarily something you need. Hmm Hmm. That being said, how if I were like looking at this because I'm going through it and I'm like, okay, cool, like I get all of these, but just like when we did the quiz way back in the day, I was like, I don't actually remember them
Hmm. That being said, how if I were like looking at this because I'm going through it and I'm like, okay, cool, like I get all of these, but just like when we did the quiz way back in the day, I was like, I don't actually remember them Same with like when we went through, uh, I don't even remember what they're called now. Um, data types. Hmm. I'm like, cool. I probably would have eventually figured that out, but I don't remember actually what they're called
Same with like when we went through, uh, I don't even remember what they're called now. Um, data types. Hmm. I'm like, cool. I probably would have eventually figured that out, but I don't remember actually what they're called So like, do you have any tips or tricks on how to remember these, just the flashcards, do you think, or is there another way that people use to do them? The so spaced repetition is going to be, well, so I would say two things. Uh, three things
So like, do you have any tips or tricks on how to remember these, just the flashcards, do you think, or is there another way that people use to do them? The so spaced repetition is going to be, well, so I would say two things. Uh, three things Uh, three things. Okay, one is spaced repetition and Anki, that's what Anki is all about. That's not, those are the digital flashcards. You can, you can do, you can do um, spaced repetition without flashcards. I mean, you can do it sort of however you want
Uh, three things. Okay, one is spaced repetition and Anki, that's what Anki is all about. That's not, those are the digital flashcards. You can, you can do, you can do um, spaced repetition without flashcards. I mean, you can do it sort of however you want Some people keep like a notebook, um, and, and review review that way. Um, and then another thing is to actually understand, because to a certain degree, I think, especially like in terms of these, they, they make sense, I think. Um, like the, well, okay, I'll get to the third thing
Some people keep like a notebook, um, and, and review review that way. Um, and then another thing is to actually understand, because to a certain degree, I think, especially like in terms of these, they, they make sense, I think. Um, like the, well, okay, I'll get to the third thing The third thing is to make up something. Sometimes people use colors. That's actually a big thing in um, Montessori is to use colors like for when they're teaching parts of speech. Nouns are black circles. Verbs are red triangles
The third thing is to make up something. Sometimes people use colors. That's actually a big thing in um, Montessori is to use colors like for when they're teaching parts of speech. Nouns are black circles. Verbs are red triangles And so you build like the kids start building sentences with actual shapes, no words. And so it's like, and then like when you're doing subject versus predicate, the subject has to have it down and the predicate, you know, maybe it's a verb and, and, and whatever. Uh, yeah
And so you build like the kids start building sentences with actual shapes, no words. And so it's like, and then like when you're doing subject versus predicate, the subject has to have it down and the predicate, you know, maybe it's a verb and, and, and whatever. Uh, yeah Uh, yeah. So like abstracting it into something else that makes sense like shapes or colors or songs or, um, like whatever helps you brain. I feel like I'm missing. You said that there were three. Yeah. So there's spaced repetition. Okay
Uh, yeah. So like abstracting it into something else that makes sense like shapes or colors or songs or, um, like whatever helps you brain. I feel like I'm missing. You said that there were three. Yeah. So there's spaced repetition. Okay Okay. Actually, understanding why things are the way that they are. Oh, the why. Yeah. Okay. So on this one, I do, I'm gonna put it out. I do have add to the Anki. Anki. However, we're going to say it. That's a flashcard thing. So I'm going to move over it
Okay. Actually, understanding why things are the way that they are. Oh, the why. Yeah. Okay. So on this one, I do, I'm gonna put it out. I do have add to the Anki. Anki. However, we're going to say it. That's a flashcard thing. So I'm going to move over it But I also put at the very end of how to remember things better. So we'll follow up on that next week. The the next bigger thing that doesn't make sense. Oh, yes
But I also put at the very end of how to remember things better. So we'll follow up on that next week. The the next bigger thing that doesn't make sense. Oh, yes Oh, yes. Do you want to just go over like an overview of things that didn't make sense? Or do you want to talk about ways that I think we can make make these make sense. So I think these make enough sense. I just wanted to make sure, like, these do make sense to me
Oh, yes. Do you want to just go over like an overview of things that didn't make sense? Or do you want to talk about ways that I think we can make make these make sense. So I think these make enough sense. I just wanted to make sure, like, these do make sense to me I think it is going to be a lot, I really like the color idea. And that's actually something that I was very annoyed with with using pencil in the book is I can't look at it quickly and know I'm bouncing from ideas
I think it is going to be a lot, I really like the color idea. And that's actually something that I was very annoyed with with using pencil in the book is I can't look at it quickly and know I'm bouncing from ideas Because I actually do that a lot of times when I'm taking notes is I use very many different pens because even if they're not necessarily associated with a certain thing, I can at least tell that it's different than the thing next to it. Right. So I make really good erycible colored pencils now
Because I actually do that a lot of times when I'm taking notes is I use very many different pens because even if they're not necessarily associated with a certain thing, I can at least tell that it's different than the thing next to it. Right. So I make really good erycible colored pencils now Do they? Yes. Oh, I need that in my life. All right. All right. I'm just going to write that down. No, not we'll see. We'll see if I remember that one. But the going off of that, like I'm going through this and I'm like this all totally makes sense except till we get to hear
Do they? Yes. Oh, I need that in my life. All right. All right. I'm just going to write that down. No, not we'll see. We'll see if I remember that one. But the going off of that, like I'm going through this and I'm like this all totally makes sense except till we get to hear The breakdown of visualizing it from a mathematical point of view. Is that how it works? Order of operations. Order of operations. And I guess Oh, when you say that loud like that, that totally makes more sense. Yeah. So these these parentheses, they tell you what to do first. Right
The breakdown of visualizing it from a mathematical point of view. Is that how it works? Order of operations. Order of operations. And I guess Oh, when you say that loud like that, that totally makes more sense. Yeah. So these these parentheses, they tell you what to do first. Right Right. And so first we have to we don't we have to we have to find out what five minus one is before we can do anything else with it. Yep. And the seven plus one and the three minus one. So that's what so first we go through and five minus one that's four and so on and so on
Right. And so first we have to we don't we have to we have to find out what five minus one is before we can do anything else with it. Yep. And the seven plus one and the three minus one. So that's what so first we go through and five minus one that's four and so on and so on This totally makes way more sense now. I think just as like learning and I'm saying this as out loud by myself that it was hard is these all kind of do they do point out more but it also doesn't say like step one. Just do this one
This totally makes way more sense now. I think just as like learning and I'm saying this as out loud by myself that it was hard is these all kind of do they do point out more but it also doesn't say like step one. Just do this one Just do this one. Like as next to it, like as an explanation of like what line one is doing while line one is doing it. Yes, other people can associate it by understanding the context. That's not always something that I do but now that you're like you said it like yeah, that totally does
Just do this one. Like as next to it, like as an explanation of like what line one is doing while line one is doing it. Yes, other people can associate it by understanding the context. That's not always something that I do but now that you're like you said it like yeah, that totally does Yeah, yeah. So like right above it says Python will keep evaluating parts of the expression until it becomes a single value. And I think that's what is being illustrated here. Yeah, but that's not something that like my language went to. So Jay what is Pemda. Pemda. Pemda. Pemda
Yeah, yeah. So like right above it says Python will keep evaluating parts of the expression until it becomes a single value. And I think that's what is being illustrated here. Yeah, but that's not something that like my language went to. So Jay what is Pemda. Pemda. Pemda. Pemda Pemda. Exponents multiplication division addition subtraction which is the American memonic for order of operations as a math instructor, I hated it because it reasonably suggests to students that you have to do multiplication before division and addition before subtraction which is not true
Pemda. Exponents multiplication division addition subtraction which is the American memonic for order of operations as a math instructor, I hated it because it reasonably suggests to students that you have to do multiplication before division and addition before subtraction which is not true So multiplication and division are in the same hierarchy like they're in the same they're on the same level in the hierarchy and so our addition and subtraction. And so the way that I would teach it is parentheses exponents dots lines. So multiplication and division those are dot operations
So multiplication and division are in the same hierarchy like they're in the same they're on the same level in the hierarchy and so our addition and subtraction. And so the way that I would teach it is parentheses exponents dots lines. So multiplication and division those are dot operations Additions. Addition and subtraction are line operations. Pedal yeah, that's exactly it. That's exactly what I taught. I started I came up with it for my because I homeschooled my older two and so I came up with it for them and then I was using it when I was teaching. Sweet
Additions. Addition and subtraction are line operations. Pedal yeah, that's exactly it. That's exactly what I taught. I started I came up with it for my because I homeschooled my older two and so I came up with it for them and then I was using it when I was teaching. Sweet Sweet. Yeah, because I had tons of students who were trained to do multiplication before division and addition before subtraction because that's literally what it says. I'm no joke
Sweet. Yeah, because I had tons of students who were trained to do multiplication before division and addition before subtraction because that's literally what it says. I'm no joke I'm no joke. Like I've gotten debates with people because I'm like don't you do addition first or like one of the other ones and I'm like that's how you're doing it and then you do them left to right. They're like no, no, you don't have to do it. This is the entire source of all of those
I'm no joke. Like I've gotten debates with people because I'm like don't you do addition first or like one of the other ones and I'm like that's how you're doing it and then you do them left to right. They're like no, no, you don't have to do it. This is the entire source of all of those Nobody, you know, 85% of people get this math problem wrong or whatever. Why? Because we lie to our students with pandas. That's why. Okay. Okay, I'm glad I brought it up. Cool, because I think that's something that and this is also for ads get paid. Oh, sorry, Jay. Let me know if it gets too much
Nobody, you know, 85% of people get this math problem wrong or whatever. Why? Because we lie to our students with pandas. That's why. Okay. Okay, I'm glad I brought it up. Cool, because I think that's something that and this is also for ads get paid. Oh, sorry, Jay. Let me know if it gets too much I can see if I can adjust it. I also don't know if I'm actually getting paid yet on it or not. That means that if anybody knows of anyone hiring or need work done or need somebody to talk to them through stuff, hire me as a coach, as sales, as customer service, as dev rail, as training. hire me
I can see if I can adjust it. I also don't know if I'm actually getting paid yet on it or not. That means that if anybody knows of anyone hiring or need work done or need somebody to talk to them through stuff, hire me as a coach, as sales, as customer service, as dev rail, as training. hire me hire me. I really need a job. I'm just going to have that on repeat for everything. Anyway, cool. Because I do have a lot of like ad to Enki stuff. There are questions around the integer floating point and string data types. Specifically, it's. I'm looking for it on here to go to it. I love
hire me. I really need a job. I'm just going to have that on repeat for everything. Anyway, cool. Because I do have a lot of like ad to Enki stuff. There are questions around the integer floating point and string data types. Specifically, it's. I'm looking for it on here to go to it. I love I love. Y'all next week, I am definitely going to set up the camera so you can see my book at the same time. Because I can only imagine this is annoying because you're like, I don't know which is looking at. The lap. Oh, yay. Thank you, Jay. Is string connotation and cat to nation. Cat to nation
I love. Y'all next week, I am definitely going to set up the camera so you can see my book at the same time. Because I can only imagine this is annoying because you're like, I don't know which is looking at. The lap. Oh, yay. Thank you, Jay. Is string connotation and cat to nation. Cat to nation Cat to nation. Yeah. So. And for those who are also learning with us, it can con job cat annotations. I did get. Is sometimes it's kind of hard to say, hey, I don't know what I don't know or I don't know why I don't understand it, which does help people trying to teach you things. So
Cat to nation. Yeah. So. And for those who are also learning with us, it can con job cat annotations. I did get. Is sometimes it's kind of hard to say, hey, I don't know what I don't know or I don't know why I don't understand it, which does help people trying to teach you things. So So. Is it just saying, and I think it's also just like a word that I haven't heard is when it joins two strings together. This is one thing I don't understand about tech is why do they have to give such complicated multicellable words to something very simple. Join two strings to gather
So. Is it just saying, and I think it's also just like a word that I haven't heard is when it joins two strings together. This is one thing I don't understand about tech is why do they have to give such complicated multicellable words to something very simple. Join two strings to gather Con cat to nation is fewer syllables. It is fewer syllables. Explain what you're doing. It's a word that you also have to learn the definition for. It sort of does explain what you're doing, but you have to understand like. The word parts in Latin. Uh, okay. Agreed
Con cat to nation is fewer syllables. It is fewer syllables. Explain what you're doing. It's a word that you also have to learn the definition for. It sort of does explain what you're doing, but you have to understand like. The word parts in Latin. Uh, okay. Agreed Uh, okay. Agreed. Where would you use this word in something else that somebody may actually already know and associate with. I mean, yeah, so it always means to to. It's not just joining two things together. It's a little bit more specific because if I say join. I mean, uh, Alice with Bob
Uh, okay. Agreed. Where would you use this word in something else that somebody may actually already know and associate with. I mean, yeah, so it always means to to. It's not just joining two things together. It's a little bit more specific because if I say join. I mean, uh, Alice with Bob Say in terms of not not join in terms of programming because that's a thing. But also like just join in terms of like the English language. If I said join these the two things together, it doesn't tell you the order in which like which one is on the left and which one is on the right
Say in terms of not not join in terms of programming because that's a thing. But also like just join in terms of like the English language. If I said join these the two things together, it doesn't tell you the order in which like which one is on the left and which one is on the right It's not actually specific. Right. Okay. Whereas if you are concatenating. Something. Something and something else. The something that you read first. Has to be on the left. Like you read it from left to right. It's going to be concatenated in the same order
It's not actually specific. Right. Okay. Whereas if you are concatenating. Something. Something and something else. The something that you read first. Has to be on the left. Like you read it from left to right. It's going to be concatenated in the same order So like where if you, um, when when we have the dictionary. Off of the Alice and Bob. Um, I just really quick. Concatenation is a series of inter to connective things. Um, I uh, syllable, not syllable
So like where if you, um, when when we have the dictionary. Off of the Alice and Bob. Um, I just really quick. Concatenation is a series of inter to connective things. Um, I uh, syllable, not syllable Uh, a word that replaces it would be series sequence, succession, chain, string, train, course, percussion, nexus. We could have used nexus. I don't know. I don't know
Uh, a word that replaces it would be series sequence, succession, chain, string, train, course, percussion, nexus. We could have used nexus. I don't know. I don't know I don't know. To what Jay said of we already used the word join and also programming is considered a science and comes from academia, which has a history of making things more complicated. As a form of validation and gatekeeping, not all educators as we have. Yes. Laura
I don't know. To what Jay said of we already used the word join and also programming is considered a science and comes from academia, which has a history of making things more complicated. As a form of validation and gatekeeping, not all educators as we have. Yes. Laura Yes. Laura. Um, who are we? After the James accretive. Disdain for the education system. Jay now has two books coming out. They have one in which his carrots. Um, we need to write these ones down Jay. Like I'm very much looking forward to Jay's books
Yes. Laura. Um, who are we? After the James accretive. Disdain for the education system. Jay now has two books coming out. They have one in which his carrots. Um, we need to write these ones down Jay. Like I'm very much looking forward to Jay's books But concatenation or concatenated is when something is joined from left to right. It does mean so here we have Alice plus Bob gets joined as Alice Bob. Okay. It's not Bob Alice. Okay. It's specifically Alice Bob. Jay saying why when, uh, when they could really write a book
But concatenation or concatenated is when something is joined from left to right. It does mean so here we have Alice plus Bob gets joined as Alice Bob. Okay. It's not Bob Alice. Okay. It's specifically Alice Bob. Jay saying why when, uh, when they could really write a book Um, I, I would say you know we, people will help. You can get ghost writers. You can use text to speech. There's more options. There's more. And also I would say for books, I don't think you really need to do it as a physical book to start
Um, I, I would say you know we, people will help. You can get ghost writers. You can use text to speech. There's more options. There's more. And also I would say for books, I don't think you really need to do it as a physical book to start Like as so many of us are making online content and there's transcription options. You can have it transcribe it to give a good basis of books or blogs or whatever you're writing. It does take time though and I'm not great at doing that
Like as so many of us are making online content and there's transcription options. You can have it transcribe it to give a good basis of books or blogs or whatever you're writing. It does take time though and I'm not great at doing that But this is making a lot more sense, especially now that I understand what can. Cat-tenated means. Okay. Cool. I wanted to say it's like we can't say you add these two things together because addition is commutative. Two plus three is the same as three plus five
But this is making a lot more sense, especially now that I understand what can. Cat-tenated means. Okay. Cool. I wanted to say it's like we can't say you add these two things together because addition is commutative. Two plus three is the same as three plus five But Alice Bob is not the same as Bob Alice. Even though we're using the addition symbol. Okay. So we're keeping it. We're not making people learn a new symbol. We're using that plus sign and it's trying to draw an intuition about what plus means
But Alice Bob is not the same as Bob Alice. Even though we're using the addition symbol. Okay. So we're keeping it. We're not making people learn a new symbol. We're using that plus sign and it's trying to draw an intuition about what plus means But we can't just call it adding these things together because adding definitely does mean that some that addition is commutative. So. Okay. That one in the written notes are weird. Octetro sounds like a super villain name
But we can't just call it adding these things together because adding definitely does mean that some that addition is commutative. So. Okay. That one in the written notes are weird. Octetro sounds like a super villain name What was the super villain's name if anybody see Spider-Man with all the other Spider-Mans? Wasn't there an octopus type dude there? There's a doctor octopus in the Spider-Man stories. Maybe why didn't they call him Octetro? Isn't Octetro? I think it's Octo Thorpe. Yeah. Oh. Yes. Dr. Otto Octavius
What was the super villain's name if anybody see Spider-Man with all the other Spider-Mans? Wasn't there an octopus type dude there? There's a doctor octopus in the Spider-Man stories. Maybe why didn't they call him Octetro? Isn't Octetro? I think it's Octo Thorpe. Yeah. Oh. Yes. Dr. Otto Octavius Dr. Otto Octavius. Right. All right. Okay. Going to the next one. Going to the next one. Oh. Yep. Yep. Okay. This one's a bit of a scroll. This is a scroll. Wait. Okay. So I totally get weird on the overwriting. That's what we're looking at right now and assignment statements
Dr. Otto Octavius. Right. All right. Okay. Going to the next one. Going to the next one. Oh. Yep. Yep. Okay. This one's a bit of a scroll. This is a scroll. Wait. Okay. So I totally get weird on the overwriting. That's what we're looking at right now and assignment statements So if I understand right, it just means that we can assign a number to a word or can something be assigned to something of anything. Do you mean like this where it says spam equals 42? Could we instead say like 42 equals spam? That and could you say spam equals eggs? Yes
So if I understand right, it just means that we can assign a number to a word or can something be assigned to something of anything. Do you mean like this where it says spam equals 42? Could we instead say like 42 equals spam? That and could you say spam equals eggs? Yes Could you say 42 equals spam? No. Okay. Okay. Because 42 is a number and it means 42. And you can't override what a number, the value of a number, that's a fixed, that's a no
Could you say 42 equals spam? No. Okay. Okay. Because 42 is a number and it means 42. And you can't override what a number, the value of a number, that's a fixed, that's a no So when you say we could write, do we want to pull up like an IDE or anything like a text editor or whatever? I don't like VS codes. Can we change icon? Jay, you're here. Can we change icon colors in for VS code? Is that possible? I don't know if it is
So when you say we could write, do we want to pull up like an IDE or anything like a text editor or whatever? I don't like VS codes. Can we change icon? Jay, you're here. Can we change icon colors in for VS code? Is that possible? I don't know if it is But for some reason, it's not the colors that I always skip over it. Because I'm like, this isn't the color of everything else. It doesn't have like a dark mode. Random things I think about. Uh, the actual app icon, yes, but you can do that with any app. Oh. Interesting. I just want a new file
But for some reason, it's not the colors that I always skip over it. Because I'm like, this isn't the color of everything else. It doesn't have like a dark mode. Random things I think about. Uh, the actual app icon, yes, but you can do that with any app. Oh. Interesting. I just want a new file Can we use new file? New file. Oh, I click the wrong thing. No wonder. Text file. Oh, look, I can start using notebook. I'm clicking it. It asked so I'm doing it. Okay. So you asked if you could put spam equals eggs. And the answer is yes with like a wee caveat
Can we use new file? New file. Oh, I click the wrong thing. No wonder. Text file. Oh, look, I can start using notebook. I'm clicking it. It asked so I'm doing it. Okay. So you asked if you could put spam equals eggs. And the answer is yes with like a wee caveat Um, which is that you would need quotation marks around the eggs. Okay. So, so, spam. Yeah. Woles. Eggs, but we'd have to do it as eggs. Um, is this string? So I guess it sort of depends on what your intention is
Um, which is that you would need quotation marks around the eggs. Okay. So, so, spam. Yeah. Woles. Eggs, but we'd have to do it as eggs. Um, is this string? So I guess it sort of depends on what your intention is Like if you want to say that because otherwise without the quotation marks, eggs is a variable. So you're saying I've got a variable spam and I am assigning it the value of the variable eggs, but you don't already have a variable eggs declared. So if like you said eggs equals 42
Like if you want to say that because otherwise without the quotation marks, eggs is a variable. So you're saying I've got a variable spam and I am assigning it the value of the variable eggs, but you don't already have a variable eggs declared. So if like you said eggs equals 42 And then you said span equals eggs. Then the value that would be stored in spam would be 42. Let's take it. So I say spam equals 42. I just not need it to be in a string or quote mark
And then you said span equals eggs. Then the value that would be stored in spam would be 42. Let's take it. So I say spam equals 42. I just not need it to be in a string or quote mark I mean, it can be if you want to assign it like the word, like the string version of 42, where it's not actually a number, it's a string. Okay. It's just those two characters like the character four followed by the character two, not the numerical value 42
I mean, it can be if you want to assign it like the word, like the string version of 42, where it's not actually a number, it's a string. Okay. It's just those two characters like the character four followed by the character two, not the numerical value 42 Can you comment that? Oh, you can comment out after it span 42. I'll summarize that. I don't know. What are you trying to say here? Um, but it's because the first one without the quote marks is still a variable. The okay. Put, put, put, um, spam equals eggs without eggs in quotation marks. Right
Can you comment that? Oh, you can comment out after it span 42. I'll summarize that. I don't know. What are you trying to say here? Um, but it's because the first one without the quote marks is still a variable. The okay. Put, put, put, um, spam equals eggs without eggs in quotation marks. Right Right. Put both. Have it with, have a version of quotes and without. And I'm pretty sure y'all, because you might be wondering this. Um, some languages do allow you to have it with, uh, single quote or double quotes
Right. Put both. Have it with, have a version of quotes and without. And I'm pretty sure y'all, because you might be wondering this. Um, some languages do allow you to have it with, uh, single quote or double quotes And some people have it as what up everyone from James James, why can't I not say James's name today? James, the quick, James is quick. Thank you, thank you, thank you. And to everybody joining, we are on the Python with Automate the Point Stuff. James the Rapid. Oh, I like that. I like that
And some people have it as what up everyone from James James, why can't I not say James's name today? James, the quick, James is quick. Thank you, thank you, thank you. And to everybody joining, we are on the Python with Automate the Point Stuff. James the Rapid. Oh, I like that. I like that I like that. So thank you, thank you. And right now we are in chapter one, which are the bare basics. And I know that James is probably talking about something very, very technical. And I will have to say that, um, it was cool because I used James's YouTube video
I like that. So thank you, thank you. And right now we are in chapter one, which are the bare basics. And I know that James is probably talking about something very, very technical. And I will have to say that, um, it was cool because I used James's YouTube video To set up hyper and that kind of stuff, which is very helpful. So thanks James. And, uh, yes, Yere, thank you. Yere over at YouTube is saying that's a good book to get started with. And for those who don't know, Yere was my first guest on Teach Gen Tech
To set up hyper and that kind of stuff, which is very helpful. So thanks James. And, uh, yes, Yere, thank you. Yere over at YouTube is saying that's a good book to get started with. And for those who don't know, Yere was my first guest on Teach Gen Tech Many, many moons ago, when I couldn't tell the difference between HTML, CSS and JavaScript. So there's been a lot of come so far. Yeah. Yeah. Yay. What up, James? We still need to get James on the show
Many, many moons ago, when I couldn't tell the difference between HTML, CSS and JavaScript. So there's been a lot of come so far. Yeah. Yeah. Yay. What up, James? We still need to get James on the show Like for anybody that doesn't know who James is, how would I summarize? How James, how do you summarize yourself? I would say that, uh, J is a. J James. Damn, so many names today. Uh, is a full time content creator, which in reality means full time educator. It's kind of what I think of it. Mm hmm
Like for anybody that doesn't know who James is, how would I summarize? How James, how do you summarize yourself? I would say that, uh, J is a. J James. Damn, so many names today. Uh, is a full time content creator, which in reality means full time educator. It's kind of what I think of it. Mm hmm Mm hmm. Yes, you are all J's. You are all J's. Yere, J, James, Gen. Where are you going to change your name now? I have a child named Jasper. Do that is such a cool name. Oh, I haven't ever told you my kids name before. No. Yeah. We talk about kids. Yeah. I know. I know like about them
Mm hmm. Yes, you are all J's. You are all J's. Yere, J, James, Gen. Where are you going to change your name now? I have a child named Jasper. Do that is such a cool name. Oh, I haven't ever told you my kids name before. No. Yeah. We talk about kids. Yeah. I know. I know like about them Anyway, for those who don't know, my name is Jen. I have this show called Teach Gen Tech. And as I said, we're learning Python right now. We do this every other Friday. And on Mondays, Lora joins me. And we do miss Mondays where we literally just hang out and talk about the most random shit
Anyway, for those who don't know, my name is Jen. I have this show called Teach Gen Tech. And as I said, we're learning Python right now. We do this every other Friday. And on Mondays, Lora joins me. And we do miss Mondays where we literally just hang out and talk about the most random shit And the reason we started that is because we meant to start doing automate the boring stuff and learn Python like six months ago. But then we realized we have a lot of random stuff to say. So to make us more concise, we had to start our own show weekly
And the reason we started that is because we meant to start doing automate the boring stuff and learn Python like six months ago. But then we realized we have a lot of random stuff to say. So to make us more concise, we had to start our own show weekly So make sure to hit follow and hang out with us. Because I'm still a new yet at the same time. I also do complicated stuff. It's a very confusing thing when I don't know all of the basics. So that's what we're going over today. And thank you James for coming to hang out for a bit. And they're a
So make sure to hit follow and hang out with us. Because I'm still a new yet at the same time. I also do complicated stuff. It's a very confusing thing when I don't know all of the basics. So that's what we're going over today. And thank you James for coming to hang out for a bit. And they're a And they're a. Enjoy your lunch. Yes. Yes. All right. So, the end to this we've got. We are currently going over for those who just joined us assignment statements. And I think of what it was called. And quickly lines under eggs. Yeah, it doesn't like it. Cover. Yeah, right
And they're a. Enjoy your lunch. Yes. Yes. All right. So, the end to this we've got. We are currently going over for those who just joined us assignment statements. And I think of what it was called. And quickly lines under eggs. Yeah, it doesn't like it. Cover. Yeah, right Cover. Yeah, right. So what it's saying is eggs is not defined. So if you uncover. Okay. So, but it doesn't mind it when we have spam equals eggs where eggs is in quotation marks. Because then what we're saying is spam is equal to this string, which is EGGS
Cover. Yeah, right. So what it's saying is eggs is not defined. So if you uncover. Okay. So, but it doesn't mind it when we have spam equals eggs where eggs is in quotation marks. Because then what we're saying is spam is equal to this string, which is EGGS If without the question marks, we're saying this variable spam gets assigned the value of the variable eggs. Because without quotation marks, a string without quotation marks is a variable. Right. Like spam has no quotation marks because it's a variable
If without the question marks, we're saying this variable spam gets assigned the value of the variable eggs. Because without quotation marks, a string without quotation marks is a variable. Right. Like spam has no quotation marks because it's a variable Like if it if you would if it would be as if you if it's a word or something like you would normally think of as a string. Then it either if you want it to actually be a string, then it needs quotation marks. Because if you don't put quotation marks on it's a variable name
Like if it if you would if it would be as if you if it's a word or something like you would normally think of as a string. Then it either if you want it to actually be a string, then it needs quotation marks. Because if you don't put quotation marks on it's a variable name And then totally makes sense. And y'all for this stream, I don't have it set up, but I will in the future of I'm writing my notes in my book. And nobody can see them. But by next time you will, I will set up another camera and we will have it here
And then totally makes sense. And y'all for this stream, I don't have it set up, but I will in the future of I'm writing my notes in my book. And nobody can see them. But by next time you will, I will set up another camera and we will have it here So you can see my notes at the same time of the random stuff I'm writing. Yeah. And so the reason that doesn't that's not a problem. So we'll notice like even though 42 doesn't have the first 42, the first line doesn't have quotation marks
So you can see my notes at the same time of the random stuff I'm writing. Yeah. And so the reason that doesn't that's not a problem. So we'll notice like even though 42 doesn't have the first 42, the first line doesn't have quotation marks That's okay because 42 is a number and it knows what to do with 42. We don't have to define 42 for the computer because the computer knows what numbers are. Got it. Got it. And what up Anthony? Welcome. Anthony says, Ayo. This is in case anybody wants to know Anthony is my internet big brother
That's okay because 42 is a number and it knows what to do with 42. We don't have to define 42 for the computer because the computer knows what numbers are. Got it. Got it. And what up Anthony? Welcome. Anthony says, Ayo. This is in case anybody wants to know Anthony is my internet big brother He is the one who between him and Ramon convinced me to start my own stream. Wow, we're like up the OGs here. Yeah. Yeah. Come on out and be my first guest. This is exciting. So, yes, Friday hangout. Yes
He is the one who between him and Ramon convinced me to start my own stream. Wow, we're like up the OGs here. Yeah. Yeah. Come on out and be my first guest. This is exciting. So, yes, Friday hangout. Yes Yes. So we are, this is making a lot more sense and also about can we replace it? Oh, the next question was can you replace it and override it in the same file? And I feel like we just answered that because we've literally named spam if we get rid of this one. Three times. Yeah
Yes. So we are, this is making a lot more sense and also about can we replace it? Oh, the next question was can you replace it and override it in the same file? And I feel like we just answered that because we've literally named spam if we get rid of this one. Three times. Yeah Three times. Yeah. And in fact with the first with the one that you had the one that you deleted, that one would actually be okay. So if you go like take that first line where it says spam equals the string eggs, change that to eggs equals five or whatever. Oh, okay. Watch what happened. So delete
Three times. Yeah. And in fact with the first with the one that you had the one that you deleted, that one would actually be okay. So if you go like take that first line where it says spam equals the string eggs, change that to eggs equals five or whatever. Oh, okay. Watch what happened. So delete So delete. Oh, the quickly delete. Delete. Yeah. So it was unhappy with the word string. I mean with with the string with the word eggs right up until you put that equal sign and it said, ah, okay, you're going to make it a variable. I can deal with that. Yeah
So delete. Oh, the quickly delete. Delete. Yeah. So it was unhappy with the word string. I mean with with the string with the word eggs right up until you put that equal sign and it said, ah, okay, you're going to make it a variable. I can deal with that. Yeah Yeah. Well, this is exciting and coal monitor. Oh, that's a fun name. coal monitor just said that Python like the honey badger. Yeah. And so now it's not, see we can say spam equals eggs without the the thingy. Because we go because you did define the variable eggs. This makes sense. Yeah
Yeah. Well, this is exciting and coal monitor. Oh, that's a fun name. coal monitor just said that Python like the honey badger. Yeah. And so now it's not, see we can say spam equals eggs without the the thingy. Because we go because you did define the variable eggs. This makes sense. Yeah Yeah. And what we did was we didn't just redefine spam. We didn't just define spam three times. We actually defined it in three different sort of ways. Because the first one we say we're assigning spam to the value of another variable
Yeah. And what we did was we didn't just redefine spam. We didn't just define spam three times. We actually defined it in three different sort of ways. Because the first one we say we're assigning spam to the value of another variable And the second time we're assigning to spam the value that is the numerical numerical value of 42. And then we're assigning it a string. So you can do all three of those. You can assign a value a variable to have the value of an variable. You can assign a variable to have the value of a number
And the second time we're assigning to spam the value that is the numerical numerical value of 42. And then we're assigning it a string. So you can do all three of those. You can assign a value a variable to have the value of an variable. You can assign a variable to have the value of a number You can assign a variable to have the value of a string. And they're also more. But these are the ones that we've talked about so far. Y'all I'm just going to have to go back and just like clip that entire thing
You can assign a variable to have the value of a string. And they're also more. But these are the ones that we've talked about so far. Y'all I'm just going to have to go back and just like clip that entire thing I've decided that these small clips are what needs to go on like TikTok or something because like these are the things that I think are harder for people to understand. Because I'm like leave it to me to like have to like go try to figure one of these out
I've decided that these small clips are what needs to go on like TikTok or something because like these are the things that I think are harder for people to understand. Because I'm like leave it to me to like have to like go try to figure one of these out And I will, but knowing what they actually mean not always. So this is something special about a language like Python, which is what are they called loosely typed or anyway. You couldn't do that in a language that's strongly typed like C
And I will, but knowing what they actually mean not always. So this is something special about a language like Python, which is what are they called loosely typed or anyway. You couldn't do that in a language that's strongly typed like C You would you with those languages you have to declare like this variable is of this data type
You would you with those languages you have to declare like this variable is of this data type You would type like if you wanted to give it for spam to contain the number 42, then you would say like int spam equals like so so so spam has to be an integer or spam has to contain a string or that kind of thing. Python is not strongly typed
You would type like if you wanted to give it for spam to contain the number 42, then you would say like int spam equals like so so so spam has to be an integer or spam has to contain a string or that kind of thing. Python is not strongly typed And so it will allow you to just change you don't have to declare what type of what data type your variable will contain and you can change it. I feel like that makes it even more interesting that my other Friday show when you're not hanging out is pet script. Exactly. Perfect
And so it will allow you to just change you don't have to declare what type of what data type your variable will contain and you can change it. I feel like that makes it even more interesting that my other Friday show when you're not hanging out is pet script. Exactly. Perfect Exactly. Perfect. You know, I'm going to catch the extremes. That is that is great. And you got a good luck with the interview. I'm guessing it's to interview to hire people on your team. So yay. And also, I don't know if Jay is still here
Exactly. Perfect. You know, I'm going to catch the extremes. That is that is great. And you got a good luck with the interview. I'm guessing it's to interview to hire people on your team. So yay. And also, I don't know if Jay is still here I'm meant to reply to Jay and was he said earlier to add more short keyboard shortcuts on for VS code and stuff. And I'm like, yes, I still need to do that. I still need to do that. And I just feel like that's a reason Jay needs to come back on the show. Um. Also, do do do. Oh, uh
I'm meant to reply to Jay and was he said earlier to add more short keyboard shortcuts on for VS code and stuff. And I'm like, yes, I still need to do that. I still need to do that. And I just feel like that's a reason Jay needs to come back on the show. Um. Also, do do do. Oh, uh Oh, uh. Okay, let me find under print function. And function. I'm. Scroll scroll. Print function in. Uh, I'm looking for the actual word. So. Oh, uh, a value passed as a function is called an argument. And for some reason, that doesn't make any sense to me. Yeah. Um. Yeah. Probably because we
Oh, uh. Okay, let me find under print function. And function. I'm. Scroll scroll. Print function in. Uh, I'm looking for the actual word. So. Oh, uh, a value passed as a function is called an argument. And for some reason, that doesn't make any sense to me. Yeah. Um. Yeah. Probably because we Colloquially in English, we use argument to mean one very specific thing, which is like where you're having a debate and you're also mad about it. Yeah, you know, yeah. Um, it's just, it's just an older. Argument like, oh, yeah
Colloquially in English, we use argument to mean one very specific thing, which is like where you're having a debate and you're also mad about it. Yeah, you know, yeah. Um, it's just, it's just an older. Argument like, oh, yeah So if you, if you like, uh, search for like definition of, of argument, it's not inherent to the word argument that you're having a debate and you're mad about it. It's more like, so we refer to an argument as like, a particular type of discussion that's being had between two people
So if you, if you like, uh, search for like definition of, of argument, it's not inherent to the word argument that you're having a debate and you're mad about it. It's more like, so we refer to an argument as like, a particular type of discussion that's being had between two people Oh, oh, oh, but we do. We use this word in English. Colloquially, you'd use it like this. Like, okay, you are arguing that. The sky is blue. My argument is that the sky is not actually blue. It's just refracting lighter or whatever. Right
Oh, oh, oh, but we do. We use this word in English. Colloquially, you'd use it like this. Like, okay, you are arguing that. The sky is blue. My argument is that the sky is not actually blue. It's just refracting lighter or whatever. Right Right. And so that's where you refer to what the other person is saying, their input to the discussion is their argument. Your input to the discussion is your argument. Like, we totally do that in English, we'll say. That that's exactly what we're doing here. It's the input
Right. And so that's where you refer to what the other person is saying, their input to the discussion is their argument. Your input to the discussion is your argument. Like, we totally do that in English, we'll say. That that's exactly what we're doing here. It's the input It's the input. Let me let me noodle on this one for a minute. The words you're saying make sense. Like, that is something that I've learned a lot about since this entire thing started. It is like words can make sense now going from like, though what to how does no ways, for example
It's the input. Let me let me noodle on this one for a minute. The words you're saying make sense. Like, that is something that I've learned a lot about since this entire thing started. It is like words can make sense now going from like, though what to how does no ways, for example So a value that is passed to a function is called an argument. So it's the input. It's the input to the function. So in a print hello world, the value is hello world. And the stock input. So therefore, this entire thing is a function or an argument. Input and argument are synonyms here. Oh
So a value that is passed to a function is called an argument. So it's the input. It's the input to the function. So in a print hello world, the value is hello world. And the stock input. So therefore, this entire thing is a function or an argument. Input and argument are synonyms here. Oh Oh. So hello world would be an argument. Got it. To print function. And just so everybody knows I will take pictures of my notes. And I'll put a new mark down file in the repo created for this. So that way it's, you know, documented. And. Cole just asked is argument not is. I think we just go
Oh. So hello world would be an argument. Got it. To print function. And just so everybody knows I will take pictures of my notes. And I'll put a new mark down file in the repo created for this. So that way it's, you know, documented. And. Cole just asked is argument not is. I think we just go I think we just go. I'll go. There we go. Is argument not word in JavaScript type script worlds. Something that just says like a call out is it totally could be like, I can get things to work in JavaScript. Like great. I can get things to do magic. I can get APIs to work like it's phenomenal
I think we just go. I'll go. There we go. Is argument not word in JavaScript type script worlds. Something that just says like a call out is it totally could be like, I can get things to work in JavaScript. Like great. I can get things to do magic. I can get APIs to work like it's phenomenal I have no idea what anything is called at all. And so that's been a big process of learning with Laura on learning type or learning Python for this one. Because not knowing the terminology does make it so much harder to do the job when you're asking for help
I have no idea what anything is called at all. And so that's been a big process of learning with Laura on learning type or learning Python for this one. Because not knowing the terminology does make it so much harder to do the job when you're asking for help I think being self taught and I did a poll a while ago that yes, I totally think almost everyone is self taught about something. And they're coding career. Because you do you have to go figure things out
I think being self taught and I did a poll a while ago that yes, I totally think almost everyone is self taught about something. And they're coding career. Because you do you have to go figure things out But it's this is something so that way I'm learning more of the basics to catch up with what I'm already doing. Because probably the best way to say it. The idea of an argument to a function is older than programming because that's also what you do in math
But it's this is something so that way I'm learning more of the basics to catch up with what I'm already doing. Because probably the best way to say it. The idea of an argument to a function is older than programming because that's also what you do in math Oh, so just like, you know, you'd have like f of x equals blah blah blah. That's a function whose name is f whose argument is x. So a lot of things like Jay was saying earlier, a lot of stuff in in programming. It comes from because programming arose from math
Oh, so just like, you know, you'd have like f of x equals blah blah blah. That's a function whose name is f whose argument is x. So a lot of things like Jay was saying earlier, a lot of stuff in in programming. It comes from because programming arose from math I mean programming is in fact, it's all math under the hood, right? And so it arose from math. Often for the purposes of science. And so that's why so much of the framing comes from the way that mathematicians and scientists refer to things. Because that's where it came from
I mean programming is in fact, it's all math under the hood, right? And so it arose from math. Often for the purposes of science. And so that's why so much of the framing comes from the way that mathematicians and scientists refer to things. Because that's where it came from And I like your call out on this. Because Jay said earlier, a lot of educators can, I don't think that educators necessarily mean to do this, but they can get keep content or information because of not understanding this and also not knowing how to break it down for others
And I like your call out on this. Because Jay said earlier, a lot of educators can, I don't think that educators necessarily mean to do this, but they can get keep content or information because of not understanding this and also not knowing how to break it down for others One of my, like, such a dope human, I know, Benia, she is, I like to call her my academic friend because she has like so many degrees. She's taught in universities. She talks very academically. That's what I'm going to go with. A lot of big words. And I'm just like, dude, I don't context
One of my, like, such a dope human, I know, Benia, she is, I like to call her my academic friend because she has like so many degrees. She's taught in universities. She talks very academically. That's what I'm going to go with. A lot of big words. And I'm just like, dude, I don't context I can get what you're saying with context, but I need you to break it down like seven times. And that is a cool thing. And I love this about her because she doesn't mind doing it and doesn't make me feel bad or anybody bad for doing it because
I can get what you're saying with context, but I need you to break it down like seven times. And that is a cool thing. And I love this about her because she doesn't mind doing it and doesn't make me feel bad or anybody bad for doing it because Like that's just the way she talks and the way she's learned and the way she does everything. So I totally get the whole like gatekeeping idea
Like that's just the way she talks and the way she's learned and the way she does everything. So I totally get the whole like gatekeeping idea And I love that you do this as well as like helping people understand it and translate it because it is a translation and learning another language just as learning programming. So cool. That one made sense. So I know that we only have like 10 more minutes. So
And I love that you do this as well as like helping people understand it and translate it because it is a translation and learning another language just as learning programming. So cool. That one made sense. So I know that we only have like 10 more minutes. So So. I'm going to go back up because I think I skipped over this because it made sense with the I'm going to go down to where I actually wrote it. It made sense to the actual like description of it when it came up, but then when it was actually used. Here, it did not make sense
So. I'm going to go back up because I think I skipped over this because it made sense with the I'm going to go down to where I actually wrote it. It made sense to the actual like description of it when it came up, but then when it was actually used. Here, it did not make sense Oh, Len makes sense to me. It's linked. This didn't make sense. Quite makes sense. So it's a string and we talked about a string is just anything in quote. Check. Okay. An integer is a number. It is specifically a number that does not require a decimal point
Oh, Len makes sense to me. It's linked. This didn't make sense. Quite makes sense. So it's a string and we talked about a string is just anything in quote. Check. Okay. An integer is a number. It is specifically a number that does not require a decimal point You might want to say like it's a whole number. The reason that I'm not is because officially in mathematics, whole numbers do not include negative numbers. And so, but integers do. So integers expand the whole numbers
You might want to say like it's a whole number. The reason that I'm not is because officially in mathematics, whole numbers do not include negative numbers. And so, but integers do. So integers expand the whole numbers Like it's like then like in a Venn diagram, it's like a series of of cons centric. So circles that share the same center. Okay. Because con means with. And so like that's like concatenate. It's like with blah blah, you know. Yeah. So yeah
Like it's like then like in a Venn diagram, it's like a series of of cons centric. So circles that share the same center. Okay. Because con means with. And so like that's like concatenate. It's like with blah blah, you know. Yeah. So yeah Yeah. So yeah. So so when a really fun question does whole number include zero? Yes, it does. Whole numbers include zero. So natural numbers are like one, two, three, four, five. Whole numbers are the natural numbers plus and also including zero
Yeah. So yeah. So so when a really fun question does whole number include zero? Yes, it does. Whole numbers include zero. So natural numbers are like one, two, three, four, five. Whole numbers are the natural numbers plus and also including zero Integers expand those further because they include all of the whole numbers, but they're negative counterparts. And so on and so on. You don't have to know these terms to program, but that's just why I'm not referring to them as whole numbers as integers as whole numbers
Integers expand those further because they include all of the whole numbers, but they're negative counterparts. And so on and so on. You don't have to know these terms to program, but that's just why I'm not referring to them as whole numbers as integers as whole numbers I'm referring to them as numbers that don't require decimal points. That's why. Can they do negative, though? Absolutely. Yes, include negative numbers, zero. And I'm just going to put positive numbers. Exactly. No fractions because it's no. That's right. Oh, yeah
I'm referring to them as numbers that don't require decimal points. That's why. Can they do negative, though? Absolutely. Yes, include negative numbers, zero. And I'm just going to put positive numbers. Exactly. No fractions because it's no. That's right. Oh, yeah Oh, yeah. For anybody who doesn't know me, I forgot to include in my spiel that I used to be a math professor. Yes. Yes. I think I touched for all that is. This is a really good way. And thank you for re-explaining that because this is something
Oh, yeah. For anybody who doesn't know me, I forgot to include in my spiel that I used to be a math professor. Yes. Yes. I think I touched for all that is. This is a really good way. And thank you for re-explaining that because this is something And then if we get to it, because I know we got nine minutes, float. Okay. So float is just the short version of floating point. Point floating point is the same as decimal point. It's the point. So floating point numbers, those are numbers that use decimals. Decimal points
And then if we get to it, because I know we got nine minutes, float. Okay. So float is just the short version of floating point. Point floating point is the same as decimal point. It's the point. So floating point numbers, those are numbers that use decimals. Decimal points Decimal points. Oh, it's the same point. Okay, just repeating it back. So integers are anything that do not have decimal fractions. And float is anything with fractions or decimals. I don't think you can do fractions, but I'm going to say it in there. Yeah
Decimal points. Oh, it's the same point. Okay, just repeating it back. So integers are anything that do not have decimal fractions. And float is anything with fractions or decimals. I don't think you can do fractions, but I'm going to say it in there. Yeah Yeah. Oh, it's taking everything in me not to not to get into how all like if it did a gritty of how all these things work. But yeah, you can't you can assign
Yeah. Oh, it's taking everything in me not to not to get into how all like if it did a gritty of how all these things work. But yeah, you can't you can assign Like if you said spam equals three over four, it looks like you just what you typed says spam gets the value of three over four which is a fraction. But it's going to be converted to a decimal. So it's not going to get stored as three over four. It's going to get stored as 0.75. Okay
Like if you said spam equals three over four, it looks like you just what you typed says spam gets the value of three over four which is a fraction. But it's going to be converted to a decimal. So it's not going to get stored as three over four. It's going to get stored as 0.75. Okay75. Okay. So float is yeah. And so culminator correctly says that booh repeating fractions gay to non repeating fractions. So yeah, so what what what culminator is is referring to is the fact that like so I chose three over four very carefully because three over four is actually equal to 0
75. Okay. So float is yeah. And so culminator correctly says that booh repeating fractions gay to non repeating fractions. So yeah, so what what what culminator is is referring to is the fact that like so I chose three over four very carefully because three over four is actually equal to 075 one over three is equal to 0.3 repeating forever. And computers can't actually deal with this repeats forever. So they can only go out to in this case it would be 32 bits. And so it'll cut it off
75 one over three is equal to 0.3 repeating forever. And computers can't actually deal with this repeats forever. So they can only go out to in this case it would be 32 bits. And so it'll cut it off So it'll be like 32, you know, three's after the zero, which isn't enough three's because you can never have enough. So it's not actually equal to one third. It is merely close. We don't have to worry about that right now. Yeah, I was going to say, um, cool. Yeah. Yeah. Totally what you just said
So it'll be like 32, you know, three's after the zero, which isn't enough three's because you can never have enough. So it's not actually equal to one third. It is merely close. We don't have to worry about that right now. Yeah, I was going to say, um, cool. Yeah. Yeah. Totally what you just said So this is making so much more sense. And makes this make a lot more sense. Well, let me go to this other one. Just make sure I'm fact checking myself. So in this example, spam equals input, that just means that somebody had to type something back. Hmm
So this is making so much more sense. And makes this make a lot more sense. Well, let me go to this other one. Just make sure I'm fact checking myself. So in this example, spam equals input, that just means that somebody had to type something back. Hmm Hmm. That means that you're waiting for when this program runs, it will pause to wait for you to type something in. And it will wait forever until either you force it to stop or you provided an input. Okay. Okay. Cool. That makes sense. That makes sense. And. Thank you. I appreciate it. Yay
Hmm. That means that you're waiting for when this program runs, it will pause to wait for you to type something in. And it will wait forever until either you force it to stop or you provided an input. Okay. Okay. Cool. That makes sense. That makes sense. And. Thank you. I appreciate it. Yay Yay. Got another subscription. And y'all, I'm actually going to be working on and hopefully this is news for you, Laura, that we will be using OBS on Monday. And I will just be sending you a link to, uh, I'm going to be working on using pink and we're going to try it out for your days. Tested out
Yay. Got another subscription. And y'all, I'm actually going to be working on and hopefully this is news for you, Laura, that we will be using OBS on Monday. And I will just be sending you a link to, uh, I'm going to be working on using pink and we're going to try it out for your days. Tested out Tested out. Okay, like this is all making way more sense. And you got it done in an hour and a half compared to, I think it tried taking us like three sessions last time. Just get through part one
Tested out. Okay, like this is all making way more sense. And you got it done in an hour and a half compared to, I think it tried taking us like three sessions last time. Just get through part one So this will be linked in the GitHub as well as we'll be on YouTube, which, let me grab the GitHub again, which I can stop sharing
So this will be linked in the GitHub as well as we'll be on YouTube, which, let me grab the GitHub again, which I can stop sharing And join us, you know, every week or every other week when we do this or every Monday, if you want to hang out with us when maybe that, um, miscommandes, because it's, it's definitely something that, um, I feel like so many people could really use this information, but it's also like having fun, having so many people join the conversation
And join us, you know, every week or every other week when we do this or every Monday, if you want to hang out with us when maybe that, um, miscommandes, because it's, it's definitely something that, um, I feel like so many people could really use this information, but it's also like having fun, having so many people join the conversation Yeah. Because yes, Laura is the teacher, has been a teacher. I feel like that's what a dev role is at the time. But, Laura may or may not help me, uh, format, a technical document on her story at some point. Yeah. Whenever, whenever you have one. Yes, yes
Yeah. Because yes, Laura is the teacher, has been a teacher. I feel like that's what a dev role is at the time. But, Laura may or may not help me, uh, format, a technical document on her story at some point. Yeah. Whenever, whenever you have one. Yes, yes Yes, yes. I will, the next one is, I mean, it's a technical document, but it's more of a technical blog. It's definitely not a tech writing thing. So I'm not as worried about that one, but the next one, next one, actually, I have your schedule in link
Yes, yes. I will, the next one is, I mean, it's a technical document, but it's more of a technical blog. It's definitely not a tech writing thing. So I'm not as worried about that one, but the next one, next one, actually, I have your schedule in link I need to use it because y'all, I have an interview next week. I'm very excited. I'm very, very excited. Um, I need a job. If it case, I don't say it enough, I need a job. And it is for a Web 3 company, but they're like, hey, do your presentation
I need to use it because y'all, I have an interview next week. I'm very excited. I'm very, very excited. Um, I need a job. If it case, I don't say it enough, I need a job. And it is for a Web 3 company, but they're like, hey, do your presentation And it needs to be about something you're passionate about. That's a developer tool in Web 2 or Web 3. And I'm like, I've been building an astro site. So I am going to talk about what I asked for help on. And somebody told me I need to understand the code and understand the docs
And it needs to be about something you're passionate about. That's a developer tool in Web 2 or Web 3. And I'm like, I've been building an astro site. So I am going to talk about what I asked for help on. And somebody told me I need to understand the code and understand the docs And then how? And I was like, dude, that was not nice. And not helpful. So I, I'm going to do my presentation on that. But to do that, I could use your help and I will get it done. And we can dissect it live. Sounds good. Yay. Awesome. And thank you
And then how? And I was like, dude, that was not nice. And not helpful. So I, I'm going to do my presentation on that. But to do that, I could use your help and I will get it done. And we can dissect it live. Sounds good. Yay. Awesome. And thank you And thank you. Yeah, the Python community is greater than the jobs for community. Okay. Cool. Yeah. You're trying to work on my. Not going to lie, y'all. The first way I read that is the Python community is carrots JavaScript community
And thank you. Yeah, the Python community is greater than the jobs for community. Okay. Cool. Yeah. You're trying to work on my. Not going to lie, y'all. The first way I read that is the Python community is carrots JavaScript community If you weren't there for that part of the conversation, just go back in time, watch the screen. But yeah, I mean, I like both. I like both communities and I like learning. Because I've also never been the type person just hang out in one community. Not I've never been great at that
If you weren't there for that part of the conversation, just go back in time, watch the screen. But yeah, I mean, I like both. I like both communities and I like learning. Because I've also never been the type person just hang out in one community. Not I've never been great at that I like learning both. It's been fun. It also helps me really understand the two languages better. Because they're not the same. So I'm like, hey, oh, like when I found out what an IDE is. Oh, if anybody doesn't know what the acronym TIL means, it's tweeted it. Because today I learned what TIL is
I like learning both. It's been fun. It also helps me really understand the two languages better. Because they're not the same. So I'm like, hey, oh, like when I found out what an IDE is. Oh, if anybody doesn't know what the acronym TIL means, it's tweeted it. Because today I learned what TIL is Oh, really? Fun. I tweeted that yesterday. I learned about it yesterday, though. Got you on the company. He said it and I was like, oh, I got a Google that shit. But thank you, everyone. Laura, anything you want to cover before next time? No. No, thanks for hanging out with us, y'all. Yay
Oh, really? Fun. I tweeted that yesterday. I learned about it yesterday, though. Got you on the company. He said it and I was like, oh, I got a Google that shit. But thank you, everyone. Laura, anything you want to cover before next time? No. No, thanks for hanging out with us, y'all. Yay Yay. And we will see you all next week. Let me find someone for us to raid to. Maybe this one? I don't know. This trying to do like everything on this new browser. This new browser and our learning, we will learn. We will get there. It'll be great. And culminator, thank you for the follow
Yay. And we will see you all next week. Let me find someone for us to raid to. Maybe this one? I don't know. This trying to do like everything on this new browser. This new browser and our learning, we will learn. We will get there. It'll be great. And culminator, thank you for the follow And I hope to see you again next time. Because on Mondays, we talk about all the random stuff plus Python. I want to list Python on this Mondays. Just because it's, I think this is kind of like to your coloring. Like the color coding that we talked about is association
And I hope to see you again next time. Because on Mondays, we talk about all the random stuff plus Python. I want to list Python on this Mondays. Just because it's, I think this is kind of like to your coloring. Like the color coding that we talked about is association Because if I think Python, I think you and Jay. Oh, that's nice. Ian is one of the things I don't think of Ian as Python. I think of Ian as Postman and APIs or interviews. So, oh, I figured out why Jay left. Jay's three means. Oh, we get a raid Jay. Yeah, we're going to raid Jay
Because if I think Python, I think you and Jay. Oh, that's nice. Ian is one of the things I don't think of Ian as Python. I think of Ian as Postman and APIs or interviews. So, oh, I figured out why Jay left. Jay's three means. Oh, we get a raid Jay. Yeah, we're going to raid Jay This is going to be exciting. All right, now that I figured out who we're raiding. And wait, can we still, somebody just read it? So where's my raid button? There's my raid button. Read me. Start raid. All right, y'all
This is going to be exciting. All right, now that I figured out who we're raiding. And wait, can we still, somebody just read it? So where's my raid button? There's my raid button. Read me. Start raid. All right, y'all All right, y'all. We will see you later and enjoy the rest of your day, Friday and weekend and we will see you on Monday. Bye.
All right, y'all. We will see you later and enjoy the rest of your day, Friday and weekend and we will see you on Monday. Bye.