Yeah. Yeah. Hello, everybody. Are you doing good? I feel like we both don't know what to do when Ramon isn't here. Yeah, I know, but he's on a beach in some South American. Do we remember which South American country is that? Is it a vacation or a conference? It's a conference. It's a conference It's a conference. Yeah. I think you went to Chile. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Yeah. So he is off doing that and Taylor and I are streaming and we're so used to Ramon. At least I'm used to Ramon just like, you know, introducing us, taking. Yeah
It's a conference. Yeah. I think you went to Chile. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Yeah. So he is off doing that and Taylor and I are streaming and we're so used to Ramon. At least I'm used to Ramon just like, you know, introducing us, taking. Yeah Yeah. And I love it that I'm just like, wait, who? What are we? We can start with the drugs. I'm Taylor. I'm the Director of Growth at Distribute Aid now. We just turned four actually, which just makes me feel super old, but I'm very, very proud of reaching that milestone
Yeah. And I love it that I'm just like, wait, who? What are we? We can start with the drugs. I'm Taylor. I'm the Director of Growth at Distribute Aid now. We just turned four actually, which just makes me feel super old, but I'm very, very proud of reaching that milestone And yeah, I maintain our landing site at Distribute Aid and I'm generally involved with the open source tech and open source content that we produce. So that's me. I have a web dev background that I wouldn't call myself a developer anymore. Aid worker sounds much cooler. Yeah
And yeah, I maintain our landing site at Distribute Aid and I'm generally involved with the open source tech and open source content that we produce. So that's me. I have a web dev background that I wouldn't call myself a developer anymore. Aid worker sounds much cooler. Yeah Yeah. Jen, do you want to introduce yourself? Yeah. Yeah. I am the host of a couple shows teach gen tech is how I met Taylor and Ramon and also a developer advocate. And one of the biggest things that I'm excited about is that I'll be working on building out a champion program
Yeah. Jen, do you want to introduce yourself? Yeah. Yeah. I am the host of a couple shows teach gen tech is how I met Taylor and Ramon and also a developer advocate. And one of the biggest things that I'm excited about is that I'll be working on building out a champion program We don't really have a name for it yet. Like a official name. And. Our working name is a actually impactful developer. So. Yeah. So it's been a little hit or miss if people are digging it or not. And. What we're doing is getting started with
We don't really have a name for it yet. Like a official name. And. Our working name is a actually impactful developer. So. Yeah. So it's been a little hit or miss if people are digging it or not. And. What we're doing is getting started with Justly now the groundwork and there's going to be a lot behind the scenes yet on Thursdays. You may see the two of us. You may see Ramon and one of us or something along those lines because we are all working together to get
Justly now the groundwork and there's going to be a lot behind the scenes yet on Thursdays. You may see the two of us. You may see Ramon and one of us or something along those lines because we are all working together to get This done as well as everything else Distribute Aid does and they are an open source as well. Yeah. No, it's really cool. And I think we've seen lots of like examples of big tech dev champions programs, right? Like Mozilla tech speakers, I know Microsoft and Google and all of them have their own
This done as well as everything else Distribute Aid does and they are an open source as well. Yeah. No, it's really cool. And I think we've seen lots of like examples of big tech dev champions programs, right? Like Mozilla tech speakers, I know Microsoft and Google and all of them have their own And I like it. Like what we've discovered is that adding structure for our new contributors helps a lot. So even doing these live streams and doing code jams
And I like it. Like what we've discovered is that adding structure for our new contributors helps a lot. So even doing these live streams and doing code jams But even that I feel like is still in the territory of like, oh, it's cool to submit a couple of pull requests to an open source project, right? We are a great first open source project to contribute to what we want to do is kind of extend that energy by creating a structured program
But even that I feel like is still in the territory of like, oh, it's cool to submit a couple of pull requests to an open source project, right? We are a great first open source project to contribute to what we want to do is kind of extend that energy by creating a structured program You know, that gets people to commit to eight to 12 weeks. And you know, it's designed around advancing their skills and showing off their skills as contributors
You know, that gets people to commit to eight to 12 weeks. And you know, it's designed around advancing their skills and showing off their skills as contributors You know, and also like reaching a milestone, right? I think that like it's cool to contribute anywhere in open source, but it's really cool. If you're like, I built that feature like me and you know, my friends like handle that one
You know, and also like reaching a milestone, right? I think that like it's cool to contribute anywhere in open source, but it's really cool. If you're like, I built that feature like me and you know, my friends like handle that one And that's something that you can really show off to people and want to thank folks who contribute consistently over time. So building it out in the open, if you're watching the stream today, like, please, please chime in. We read those comments, you know
And that's something that you can really show off to people and want to thank folks who contribute consistently over time. So building it out in the open, if you're watching the stream today, like, please, please chime in. We read those comments, you know And we're really building this for you as this potential contributors want to make it exciting for you. So yes, yes. And I'm going to go ahead and share my screen because we are getting started on a lucid chart to take notes, get us going. And I, let me zoom in a bit
And we're really building this for you as this potential contributors want to make it exciting for you. So yes, yes. And I'm going to go ahead and share my screen because we are getting started on a lucid chart to take notes, get us going. And I, let me zoom in a bit That way everybody can see it pretty well, be overall page. And something that I want to put down here is so name what aid currently means. Actually, impactful developers. It's a little bit of like poking fun at Silicon Valley with the save the world mentality
That way everybody can see it pretty well, be overall page. And something that I want to put down here is so name what aid currently means. Actually, impactful developers. It's a little bit of like poking fun at Silicon Valley with the save the world mentality And maybe yeah, the end of the acronym is nice like aid work. Okay. I want to make this like giant. This one needs. Strip your baby. This one needs to be full. Not underlined. I. Hold. Hold. There we go. I'm going to get to that later. All right. So we know. Okay. This is just going to bug me
And maybe yeah, the end of the acronym is nice like aid work. Okay. I want to make this like giant. This one needs. Strip your baby. This one needs to be full. Not underlined. I. Hold. Hold. There we go. I'm going to get to that later. All right. So we know. Okay. This is just going to bug me Let me. Let me. That's all good. I apparently pasted something. We're just going to delete it. It's fine. Delete this. And then. No. I'm. Old. There. Okay. That way I'm not linking to anything that I don't want to be linking to because that would be awkward. So now we talked about it
Let me. Let me. That's all good. I apparently pasted something. We're just going to delete it. It's fine. Delete this. And then. No. I'm. Old. There. Okay. That way I'm not linking to anything that I don't want to be linking to because that would be awkward. So now we talked about it And you said, and this is. And y'all just so that way, you know, we do have where they already have a repo made for this and get hub. There's also a discussion board
And you said, and this is. And y'all just so that way, you know, we do have where they already have a repo made for this and get hub. There's also a discussion board This is something that I specifically asked for something like Lucid chart or Miro or along those lines because I personally am very visual. And this will help me get like the concepts down and then putting stuff in the, you know, words. Right. Exactly
This is something that I specifically asked for something like Lucid chart or Miro or along those lines because I personally am very visual. And this will help me get like the concepts down and then putting stuff in the, you know, words. Right. Exactly Right. Exactly. Like let's build out the map, right? And then we can describe different points on the map. Absolutely. And what I love is like we do have that repo. We, you know, it's using the same tools we used to develop code. We're trying to build this out in the open
Right. Exactly. Like let's build out the map, right? And then we can describe different points on the map. Absolutely. And what I love is like we do have that repo. We, you know, it's using the same tools we used to develop code. We're trying to build this out in the open And so that's another way that you can contribute is like let us know your thoughts, you know, everything is up in the air right now. We're still figuring it out ourselves. But even when we do like offline work like this, you know, or we we develop stuff on our own, we can upload it to that repo
And so that's another way that you can contribute is like let us know your thoughts, you know, everything is up in the air right now. We're still figuring it out ourselves. But even when we do like offline work like this, you know, or we we develop stuff on our own, we can upload it to that repo And that's why that becomes our collaboration part. So totally great idea to, you know, use Lucid chart and start building that map. And then we can just export it at the end of the show and add it to the repo
And that's why that becomes our collaboration part. So totally great idea to, you know, use Lucid chart and start building that map. And then we can just export it at the end of the show and add it to the repo And if we want to iterate on it, we can make some updates and, you know, update the file on the repo. You're like I said, repo 20 times there. Okay. I'm arguing with this, this, this one. I'm just going to make that go away
And if we want to iterate on it, we can make some updates and, you know, update the file on the repo. You're like I said, repo 20 times there. Okay. I'm arguing with this, this, this one. I'm just going to make that go away Also, y'all, in case anybody wanted to know this is my first time using Lucid chart. So it might be me arguing. Yeah, and I can definitely help navigate you, John. But I do need to know what direction you're going in as the driver
Also, y'all, in case anybody wanted to know this is my first time using Lucid chart. So it might be me arguing. Yeah, and I can definitely help navigate you, John. But I do need to know what direction you're going in as the driver So we're looking at maybe right now the length of the program and how we want to structure that over time. I feel like there's a few different dimensions. There's like people, right? Yeah. I just want to put like eight, ten weeks. Yeah. It doesn't let me like you
So we're looking at maybe right now the length of the program and how we want to structure that over time. I feel like there's a few different dimensions. There's like people, right? Yeah. I just want to put like eight, ten weeks. Yeah. It doesn't let me like you Oh, maybe if you do a shift enter or something like a soft line break. Yeah, that's good. You said it's not. Yeah. Like why is this because I'm used to Miro. And I'm like, no, I just want it to be like even if these aren't like solid, if just like some things that we've talked about in the idea
Oh, maybe if you do a shift enter or something like a soft line break. Yeah, that's good. You said it's not. Yeah. Like why is this because I'm used to Miro. And I'm like, no, I just want it to be like even if these aren't like solid, if just like some things that we've talked about in the idea Yeah. Which one of these each ten weeks. Yeah, and I feel like that length, there's an important bit there, which is the cycle, right? We want to run this program on a quarterly cycle. And that kind of winds up with like some of our other activities at DA and our quarterly and annual planning
Yeah. Which one of these each ten weeks. Yeah, and I feel like that length, there's an important bit there, which is the cycle, right? We want to run this program on a quarterly cycle. And that kind of winds up with like some of our other activities at DA and our quarterly and annual planning And so that eight to ten weeks is important. We don't want to do 12 weeks, right? Like if we were full time, if we're paying you, John, sure, we could do 12 weeks. And you get a week between each cohort, but since this is a volunteer effort, I think it's important
And so that eight to ten weeks is important. We don't want to do 12 weeks, right? Like if we were full time, if we're paying you, John, sure, we could do 12 weeks. And you get a week between each cohort, but since this is a volunteer effort, I think it's important Let's give ourselves like a few weeks off between each cohort to rest, recuperate, you know, kind of prep for the next one. Yeah. And maybe there's something there. It's like eight weeks of structured time and then a final project for four weeks
Let's give ourselves like a few weeks off between each cohort to rest, recuperate, you know, kind of prep for the next one. Yeah. And maybe there's something there. It's like eight weeks of structured time and then a final project for four weeks So we could look at breaking it up in a couple of different ways of like here's the like very structured component. And then, you know, here's more of an independent final project for a few people to work on
So we could look at breaking it up in a couple of different ways of like here's the like very structured component. And then, you know, here's more of an independent final project for a few people to work on You know, if we wanted to extend the program, like for that closer to that 10 to 12 week mark. Now I'm just having fun with shapes, but. Oh, there's so many shapes on Lucie's heart. There's a whole shape library down there. Yeah. The bottom and they got like swim lanes and things like
You know, if we wanted to extend the program, like for that closer to that 10 to 12 week mark. Now I'm just having fun with shapes, but. Oh, there's so many shapes on Lucie's heart. There's a whole shape library down there. Yeah. The bottom and they got like swim lanes and things like Oh, this is going to be fine. Yeah. Probably shouldn't get this distracted with them, but I'm very excited about it. There's so many fun ones. Yeah, there's a lot of corporate ones like some of the AWS architecture doesn't really make sense, but. There's colors. There's color bubbles
Oh, this is going to be fine. Yeah. Probably shouldn't get this distracted with them, but I'm very excited about it. There's so many fun ones. Yeah, there's a lot of corporate ones like some of the AWS architecture doesn't really make sense, but. There's colors. There's color bubbles There's color bubble. We're going to use some color bubbles. Okay. Now we need a type types or a pair. There we go. All right. So we have what are the channels or. Verticals, however you want to call that for. I'm calling them tracks is what I'm using
There's color bubble. We're going to use some color bubbles. Okay. Now we need a type types or a pair. There we go. All right. So we have what are the channels or. Verticals, however you want to call that for. I'm calling them tracks is what I'm using So yeah, I think I don't want to overdo it at the start. I feel like let me just kind of brain dump like what possible tracks there could be. And then let's think about if those make sense, right? Because we can start off with a couple of tracks and add more tracks in the future
So yeah, I think I don't want to overdo it at the start. I feel like let me just kind of brain dump like what possible tracks there could be. And then let's think about if those make sense, right? Because we can start off with a couple of tracks and add more tracks in the future So what comes to mind here? I feel like on the front-end side, there could be a solid front end track or two, maybe kind of general like. Website. We got we got a few things going on on the site. Right
So what comes to mind here? I feel like on the front-end side, there could be a solid front end track or two, maybe kind of general like. Website. We got we got a few things going on on the site. Right Right. So on the front end, there's this concept of generic pages, right? Which is like pages that our team can basically say, Here are the components I want listed on the page. And so that could be one track is like building out more components like adding. Right now, just title and text
Right. So on the front end, there's this concept of generic pages, right? Which is like pages that our team can basically say, Here are the components I want listed on the page. And so that could be one track is like building out more components like adding. Right now, just title and text So can we add a YouTube component where our team can just go into our CMS and click like. Add YouTube component. Here's the YouTube URL. Here's the video title. And there's no custom coding. It just says, Oh, when you get, you know, component data that looks like this
So can we add a YouTube component where our team can just go into our CMS and click like. Add YouTube component. Here's the YouTube URL. Here's the video title. And there's no custom coding. It just says, Oh, when you get, you know, component data that looks like this And then you can see that we're under a YouTube video here. So I feel like that kind of generic pages. And that probably relates to just our kind of custom pages, right? Things like our region pages and stuff. You know, we can kind of get some custom pages, updated driven pages
And then you can see that we're under a YouTube video here. So I feel like that kind of generic pages. And that probably relates to just our kind of custom pages, right? Things like our region pages and stuff. You know, we can kind of get some custom pages, updated driven pages And then take those components and transform those into generic pages. So I feel like that's like building out front end components. And that would be kind of holistic. And testing that would include maybe, you know, some like data architecture of how to structure things for the front end
And then take those components and transform those into generic pages. So I feel like that's like building out front end components. And that would be kind of holistic. And testing that would include maybe, you know, some like data architecture of how to structure things for the front end You know, it's it's not just going to be like make pretty things appear on the web page, but that would be more of the focus. I feel like there's a related front end track. Which would be visualizations, right? So we just launched our first day visualization tool
You know, it's it's not just going to be like make pretty things appear on the web page, but that would be more of the focus. I feel like there's a related front end track. Which would be visualizations, right? So we just launched our first day visualization tool And you can find that on our website if you go to distributed.org and click on the needs assessment. Wow. I'm working on it. Just Google it because there we go. We were trying to type was it working very well. So if you click on needs there, that will take you to our data explorer. Exactly
And you can find that on our website if you go to distributed.org and click on the needs assessment. Wow. I'm working on it. Just Google it because there we go. We were trying to type was it working very well. So if you click on needs there, that will take you to our data explorer. Exactly Exactly. And so this is really good. We're trying to we have enough data at this point about our supply chain, about our partners, about their needs. And the trick is we use that all the time internally
Exactly. And so this is really good. We're trying to we have enough data at this point about our supply chain, about our partners, about their needs. And the trick is we use that all the time internally So we use this data explorer to like know which in kind donations to go after or set up aid swaps between groups that each have like extra some things that the other needs, right? And what we want to do now with this data explorer tool is we can list the top needs for each region, right
So we use this data explorer to like know which in kind donations to go after or set up aid swaps between groups that each have like extra some things that the other needs, right? And what we want to do now with this data explorer tool is we can list the top needs for each region, right So you can just explore all the data through the explorer or you can look at it like, you know, sort by top needs, you know, in this region
So you can just explore all the data through the explorer or you can look at it like, you know, sort by top needs, you know, in this region If you're planning a collection to help Ukrainians right now, what are the Ukrainian groups saying they need so on and so forth? So I feel like there's more data from our needs assessment
If you're planning a collection to help Ukrainians right now, what are the Ukrainian groups saying they need so on and so forth? So I feel like there's more data from our needs assessment We have impact data like how many people are you reaching? We have infrastructure data like how much warehouse space do you have and what capacity is that? All of those would be great to create visualizations for. And then we're working on releasing a new data set, which is our shipping data
We have impact data like how many people are you reaching? We have infrastructure data like how much warehouse space do you have and what capacity is that? All of those would be great to create visualizations for. And then we're working on releasing a new data set, which is our shipping data And I think that combination of like here the needs, here's our shipping data, how much did we meet? If we can get that going, that starts to set the stage for DA to grow beyond our own supply chain efforts. But eventually the goal would be to collect data from our partnership and as well
And I think that combination of like here the needs, here's our shipping data, how much did we meet? If we can get that going, that starts to set the stage for DA to grow beyond our own supply chain efforts. But eventually the goal would be to collect data from our partnership and as well So it's like this refugee aid movement, here's what we're all doing together. Here's the total needs where the gaps let's hone them on those, right? And using visualizations to make the data actionable, I think, is like going to be a really important thing
So it's like this refugee aid movement, here's what we're all doing together. Here's the total needs where the gaps let's hone them on those, right? And using visualizations to make the data actionable, I think, is like going to be a really important thing Yeah, so I feel like that's another track right there. Visualization or just like data. We talked about two different things right there. Yeah, I think that would be a good one to like hair people up
Yeah, so I feel like that's another track right there. Visualization or just like data. We talked about two different things right there. Yeah, I think that would be a good one to like hair people up I think for visualizations, there's like the the data side, right? So importing data from an API or from a JSON file or something, processing that in Gatsby to like expose it correctly through the graph QL API and getting it like to a front end component
I think for visualizations, there's like the the data side, right? So importing data from an API or from a JSON file or something, processing that in Gatsby to like expose it correctly through the graph QL API and getting it like to a front end component So that would be a bit more backend work there. And then there's the actual like creating the visualization. So I feel like a visualization track would be great for a couple of people to pair up on someone who's more interested on like the front end visualization side
So that would be a bit more backend work there. And then there's the actual like creating the visualization. So I feel like a visualization track would be great for a couple of people to pair up on someone who's more interested on like the front end visualization side And maybe someone who's more interested in like the kind of data management processing side. I'm seeing if I'm computing this well because I feel like there's different things going on and I like doing height
And maybe someone who's more interested in like the kind of data management processing side. I'm seeing if I'm computing this well because I feel like there's different things going on and I like doing height Like if somebody was to look at this and be like, hey, I want to do like all these, you know, fill in the components and stuff. I don't think somebody that is newer would necessarily understand that where they might understand like data or visualization
Like if somebody was to look at this and be like, hey, I want to do like all these, you know, fill in the components and stuff. I don't think somebody that is newer would necessarily understand that where they might understand like data or visualization I feel like we're going to need to get a page in that GitHub repo for each track, right? So I guess we understand that we can play in the tracks out. But then I want to page like we all we have examples of all this in our code base. So let's link to code
I feel like we're going to need to get a page in that GitHub repo for each track, right? So I guess we understand that we can play in the tracks out. But then I want to page like we all we have examples of all this in our code base. So let's link to code Let's link to like code, see maps highlighting the right files to look at. Let's link to like screenshots and examples of like, oh, you could build something that looks like this. And it's like a screenshot of a visualization or a screenshot of a component or something. Yeah
Let's link to like code, see maps highlighting the right files to look at. Let's link to like screenshots and examples of like, oh, you could build something that looks like this. And it's like a screenshot of a visualization or a screenshot of a component or something. Yeah Yeah. What else here? I feel like we could use a testing track. I think that that's like probably, you know, something that could support the other tracks. There's also like some for like a series and like we have untested code, you know, there's plenty of that
Yeah. What else here? I feel like we could use a testing track. I think that that's like probably, you know, something that could support the other tracks. There's also like some for like a series and like we have untested code, you know, there's plenty of that And that could be interesting looking, you know, an interesting experience for someone going through like data testing, going through and and testing, going through kind of like unit testing at the kind of functional level and at the component level
And that could be interesting looking, you know, an interesting experience for someone going through like data testing, going through and and testing, going through kind of like unit testing at the kind of functional level and at the component level And so that could be a track that like both supports the other tracks like fills in tests that we don't need to fill in and provides a well rounded like JavaScript testing experience. These are just questions for myself to go research, not necessarily for like you or anything like that
And so that could be a track that like both supports the other tracks like fills in tests that we don't need to fill in and provides a well rounded like JavaScript testing experience. These are just questions for myself to go research, not necessarily for like you or anything like that It's more like, let me go research this later because I'm not going to think about it right now. But I feel like we could get you connected, you know, since this is like a feel good open source effort
It's more like, let me go research this later because I'm not going to think about it right now. But I feel like we could get you connected, you know, since this is like a feel good open source effort Like we could probably reach out to, you know, the big corporate programs and actually talk to the people, you know, running those. For some of these questions. Right, right
Like we could probably reach out to, you know, the big corporate programs and actually talk to the people, you know, running those. For some of these questions. Right, right Right, right. What else? So are you wanting people to just for like front end to also just being able to like fill in information or do you want them to create it as well? No. So so we have all of this stuff like we already have content in our CMS or working on like data pipelines or something
Right, right. What else? So are you wanting people to just for like front end to also just being able to like fill in information or do you want them to create it as well? No. So so we have all of this stuff like we already have content in our CMS or working on like data pipelines or something So we've spent a lot of time figuring out how to empower our content contributors. So I think that what you might see is like, there's this wonderful guy, Weston is our head of projects and administration
So we've spent a lot of time figuring out how to empower our content contributors. So I think that what you might see is like, there's this wonderful guy, Weston is our head of projects and administration And I meet with him to kind of talk about, you know, maintaining our tech projects once a week. So Weston might work with you to define like, you know, what should the fields in our content management system be? Right
And I meet with him to kind of talk about, you know, maintaining our tech projects once a week. So Weston might work with you to define like, you know, what should the fields in our content management system be? Right Like what information do you need? And then he'll work with our content team to produce that. But yeah, content if there's someone interested in like content copyright. I might throw design in there. I'm not sure how if that would be a big enough track just by itself, like just for content or copy
Like what information do you need? And then he'll work with our content team to produce that. But yeah, content if there's someone interested in like content copyright. I might throw design in there. I'm not sure how if that would be a big enough track just by itself, like just for content or copy Yeah, because I believe in presentation like a presentation track or something. How I agree with you. I'm also thinking like content and copy makes me think like because it would be really helpful if people learned how to do blogs, how to
Yeah, because I believe in presentation like a presentation track or something. How I agree with you. I'm also thinking like content and copy makes me think like because it would be really helpful if people learned how to do blogs, how to You know, and that's what I'm thinking with content where like with design. I'm like design is kind of cross cutting a little bit. Yeah. So I'm just going to put it out there and not overthink it. We're just going to put that. That's cool. Yeah, we're just getting ideas down
You know, and that's what I'm thinking with content where like with design. I'm like design is kind of cross cutting a little bit. Yeah. So I'm just going to put it out there and not overthink it. We're just going to put that. That's cool. Yeah, we're just getting ideas down Now we can decide like what one's makes sense for us to move on versus not. So the issues with content though is like, this is why we've kind of created things that are like separating the content from the devs a little bit
Now we can decide like what one's makes sense for us to move on versus not. So the issues with content though is like, this is why we've kind of created things that are like separating the content from the devs a little bit Is that we want to encapsulate like the complexity of our content space with those content creators
Is that we want to encapsulate like the complexity of our content space with those content creators So I think a content track would like also involve a lot of like training about logistics and things like that, which is not super relevant to contributors like dev or kind of contribution experience. But it would be much more relative to like our logistics coordinator
So I think a content track would like also involve a lot of like training about logistics and things like that, which is not super relevant to contributors like dev or kind of contribution experience. But it would be much more relative to like our logistics coordinator So what I could see here is like the logistics coordinator should create guides and create content
So what I could see here is like the logistics coordinator should create guides and create content But maybe someone needs to work with them on like how to structure that so they don't write like a 30 page report or something like that and then try to hand that off to our devs like, oh, just make it show up on the website. Like no, like you got to break things down. We want it to be repeatable
But maybe someone needs to work with them on like how to structure that so they don't write like a 30 page report or something like that and then try to hand that off to our devs like, oh, just make it show up on the website. Like no, like you got to break things down. We want it to be repeatable Yeah. I think one of the big things to to that point would be also still showing people that they can contribute without it being development to because you know how we talked about that during like hactober fest. You have a lot of technical contributions are so. Yes
Yeah. I think one of the big things to to that point would be also still showing people that they can contribute without it being development to because you know how we talked about that during like hactober fest. You have a lot of technical contributions are so. Yes Yes. So I guess that's where I was thinking with the content copy, but I'm totally getting what you're saying to so. Yeah. What about something like and we can leave content copy up there is like a potential thing. I just wanted to highlight kind of. Yeah
Yes. So I guess that's where I was thinking with the content copy, but I'm totally getting what you're saying to so. Yeah. What about something like and we can leave content copy up there is like a potential thing. I just wanted to highlight kind of. Yeah Yeah. I feel like a maintainer's track would be really valuable. Like are there one or two people that would like to you know again kind of support the other tracks but also help us like get issues kind of you know like review PRs like and that could be more technical or less technical I think
Yeah. I feel like a maintainer's track would be really valuable. Like are there one or two people that would like to you know again kind of support the other tracks but also help us like get issues kind of you know like review PRs like and that could be more technical or less technical I think But just the maintenance. Yeah, like project management, open source maintainer sort of like activities. And that would be a good one to like we are needs assessment software is like pretty set. We don't need to make too many changes to it coming up here
But just the maintenance. Yeah, like project management, open source maintainer sort of like activities. And that would be a good one to like we are needs assessment software is like pretty set. We don't need to make too many changes to it coming up here But we are looking for someone to become the maintainer for that needs assessment project. So kind of talked to the team once a quarter, make sure the surveys are up today you know there's issues like for whatever reason you know kind of be responsible for for taking point on them
But we are looking for someone to become the maintainer for that needs assessment project. So kind of talked to the team once a quarter, make sure the surveys are up today you know there's issues like for whatever reason you know kind of be responsible for for taking point on them I'm not sure if that's a good thing for this program though or if we should just like find someone who just wants to kind of like adopt that as a side projects
I'm not sure if that's a good thing for this program though or if we should just like find someone who just wants to kind of like adopt that as a side projects I would think adopted as a side project but teach people how to be a maintainer so that way as you grow you actually have people you could reach out to later on that already know distributed
I would think adopted as a side project but teach people how to be a maintainer so that way as you grow you actually have people you could reach out to later on that already know distributed Yeah, that might be the way is like someone adopts it as a side project but we still have a couple of people you know like looking at it learning about it. Let's see and then
Yeah, that might be the way is like someone adopts it as a side project but we still have a couple of people you know like looking at it learning about it. Let's see and then Let's see and then. I'm almost wondering if there needs to be like a front and back end kind of breakdown and then going through there but at the same time I'm like I don't think people like when they first start they necessarily know what front end and back end is
Let's see and then. I'm almost wondering if there needs to be like a front and back end kind of breakdown and then going through there but at the same time I'm like I don't think people like when they first start they necessarily know what front end and back end is Yeah, I'm not sure we don't have like a real back end like we have that Gatsby layer right so that in just solve the data processes it and exposes it through graph kill API but we don't have like a server we're not necessarily building you know our own API layer we're just using Gatsby is so that's where I feel like
Yeah, I'm not sure we don't have like a real back end like we have that Gatsby layer right so that in just solve the data processes it and exposes it through graph kill API but we don't have like a server we're not necessarily building you know our own API layer we're just using Gatsby is so that's where I feel like The experience you know for front ends like you can be more into the front end side of front end or you can be more into the data side you know and that's fine but you should probably own the like
The experience you know for front ends like you can be more into the front end side of front end or you can be more into the data side you know and that's fine but you should probably own the like Data coming and being transformed in Gatsby because that'll directly affect like how you build the components right I want to minimize like communication overhead and kind of like you know potential for things to go in different directions and create conflict same thing with visualization is like
Data coming and being transformed in Gatsby because that'll directly affect like how you build the components right I want to minimize like communication overhead and kind of like you know potential for things to go in different directions and create conflict same thing with visualization is like You know processing that visualization data is going to be key to making those visualizations in the right way and I think that also gives people like a bit of that variety of experience where like you might prefer to do like making the visualizations but you also get some experience thinking through data architecture as like a part of that track right
You know processing that visualization data is going to be key to making those visualizations in the right way and I think that also gives people like a bit of that variety of experience where like you might prefer to do like making the visualizations but you also get some experience thinking through data architecture as like a part of that track right Yes because what i'm also thinking right now to is being able to show like which ones may go together and be their own separate tracks like the data and visualization would complement each other for example yeah or maybe like front end and content copyright you know that might be like a combined track at first and always
Yes because what i'm also thinking right now to is being able to show like which ones may go together and be their own separate tracks like the data and visualization would complement each other for example yeah or maybe like front end and content copyright you know that might be like a combined track at first and always Put them up later or something yeah. Because then we also have the project management kind of thing goes over here and then. And then. And then design probably goes over here to yeah I would think. I'm going to delete this one for now because
Put them up later or something yeah. Because then we also have the project management kind of thing goes over here and then. And then. And then design probably goes over here to yeah I would think. I'm going to delete this one for now because I think the other thing that if we're good here other than me like trying to like just make them really pretty. I definitely will say y'all I spend way too much time on this stuff so I'm like I just wanted to be pretty so I can read it
I think the other thing that if we're good here other than me like trying to like just make them really pretty. I definitely will say y'all I spend way too much time on this stuff so I'm like I just wanted to be pretty so I can read it Yeah yeah there are definitely things that we could do to make that easy like we wanted to set up swim lanes for example to kind of create like rose of things we could have the tracks and the left hand column and then like the progression through those tracks going across or something so I feel like there's definitely some good tools in lucid chart but it does take a bit of fiddling to like have figure out what the best light out and stuff is
Yeah yeah there are definitely things that we could do to make that easy like we wanted to set up swim lanes for example to kind of create like rose of things we could have the tracks and the left hand column and then like the progression through those tracks going across or something so I feel like there's definitely some good tools in lucid chart but it does take a bit of fiddling to like have figure out what the best light out and stuff is Right now something that we talked about but we haven't fully talked about that I want to put on here is also what is your timeline to have this like the first cohort totally I think that I would like to kick off the first cohort in q2 so starting you know April first kind of deal
Right now something that we talked about but we haven't fully talked about that I want to put on here is also what is your timeline to have this like the first cohort totally I think that I would like to kick off the first cohort in q2 so starting you know April first kind of deal And the thinking behind that is like I want to give us plenty of time to build out the program we're also going to have to recruit the program right so we can kind of build it out over two months we can recruit for it for a month and in the next like month month and a half we're going to be making some like larger upgrades to our dependencies we have to swap out our content management system to like the new version you know that the company is producing
And the thinking behind that is like I want to give us plenty of time to build out the program we're also going to have to recruit the program right so we can kind of build it out over two months we can recruit for it for a month and in the next like month month and a half we're going to be making some like larger upgrades to our dependencies we have to swap out our content management system to like the new version you know that the company is producing You know we might make some other changes I need to bump up like the node version so we can upgrade the gas B5 so I feel like that's not a good time to like start people in the media future but let's give ourselves a couple of months spec this out focus on setting the groundwork you know creating the examples we need to like creating the codes you absolutely need to and then and then we can we can set people up right and I feel like that prep time is going to help us like when the program is going to be
You know we might make some other changes I need to bump up like the node version so we can upgrade the gas B5 so I feel like that's not a good time to like start people in the media future but let's give ourselves a couple of months spec this out focus on setting the groundwork you know creating the examples we need to like creating the codes you absolutely need to and then and then we can we can set people up right and I feel like that prep time is going to help us like when the program is going to be It's running like you know it should all be specced out so there's not as much like short term kind of high pressure maintenance work we need to do to keep it running
It's running like you know it should all be specced out so there's not as much like short term kind of high pressure maintenance work we need to do to keep it running Yeah and something that I think really helps with visualization especially if nobody's ever done a project like this or project management is what the questions that I'm asking Taylor are basically what are you thinking of like what like none of this is like a full thought
Yeah and something that I think really helps with visualization especially if nobody's ever done a project like this or project management is what the questions that I'm asking Taylor are basically what are you thinking of like what like none of this is like a full thought Thought out process yet we're like we're not going to jump there but knowing about the program knowing about like okay is our goal to launch q2 is put q2 a paper launch q2 is multiple months. Yeah what goes into that so it's going to be knowing the tracks. Yeah I'm speccing those out totally
Thought out process yet we're like we're not going to jump there but knowing about the program knowing about like okay is our goal to launch q2 is put q2 a paper launch q2 is multiple months. Yeah what goes into that so it's going to be knowing the tracks. Yeah I'm speccing those out totally So we need to know what tracks. Mm-hmm. What goes into the tracks. Yeah. Who's our audience because we have an idea about it but we don't fully know like we need to be able to audience. Yeah and we'll want to specifically recruit people who commit to the program you know for each of those tracks
So we need to know what tracks. Mm-hmm. What goes into the tracks. Yeah. Who's our audience because we have an idea about it but we don't fully know like we need to be able to audience. Yeah and we'll want to specifically recruit people who commit to the program you know for each of those tracks Absolutely. Recruitment. What. What is the acronym it's like what do I get out of this like. I'm just calling it like thank you zero or it's maybe like we're telling investment is what you think I'm just going to put a 10 be. Yeah. R.O.I. And then writing out like. Yeah
Absolutely. Recruitment. What. What is the acronym it's like what do I get out of this like. I'm just calling it like thank you zero or it's maybe like we're telling investment is what you think I'm just going to put a 10 be. Yeah. R.O.I. And then writing out like. Yeah Yeah. Like we can through that that's public as well like getting that solidified to people fully understand
Yeah. Like we can through that that's public as well like getting that solidified to people fully understand Yeah it's like what's the mutual aid here like we get structured contributions in a certain commitment you get you know learning through doing and you know LinkedIn shout out post and support
Yeah it's like what's the mutual aid here like we get structured contributions in a certain commitment you get you know learning through doing and you know LinkedIn shout out post and support I'm like the job hunger something right it like yeah yeah definitely important to thank you both sides there make sure that it's aligned and like. We're mutually supporting each other. And then I would say like the big final part of this is. Well it's not final that means this
I'm like the job hunger something right it like yeah yeah definitely important to thank you both sides there make sure that it's aligned and like. We're mutually supporting each other. And then I would say like the big final part of this is. Well it's not final that means this I always have such a hard time spelling maintenance. I don't know if that's right it's right you know whatever. It does have a lot of weird files and I like random places. I don't know why
I always have such a hard time spelling maintenance. I don't know if that's right it's right you know whatever. It does have a lot of weird files and I like random places. I don't know why I don't know why. And then also like how and y'all I 100% appreciate this about Taylor but it still needs to be on here because not everyone is in Taylor's head of how do we talk about it
I don't know why. And then also like how and y'all I 100% appreciate this about Taylor but it still needs to be on here because not everyone is in Taylor's head of how do we talk about it Of like what is the program doing the you know the who what where when why well is distributed aid what is this program you know. Well can we connect the tech work people do to like you know actual aid getting delivered right like what's that I kind of impact point total
Of like what is the program doing the you know the who what where when why well is distributed aid what is this program you know. Well can we connect the tech work people do to like you know actual aid getting delivered right like what's that I kind of impact point total So there's a lot of questions that will be solving through each maybe not all of them on streams but a lot of them like when we're doing
So there's a lot of questions that will be solving through each maybe not all of them on streams but a lot of them like when we're doing Like a lot of times Taylor and Ramon will do like coding things all be working on my stuff at the same time even though we're streaming just so that way I can ask questions as I'm going through
Like a lot of times Taylor and Ramon will do like coding things all be working on my stuff at the same time even though we're streaming just so that way I can ask questions as I'm going through Because that is something that like why do we not have a backend track being able to answer that oh I think use. That's going to. That's also something that needs to be developed. Location
Because that is something that like why do we not have a backend track being able to answer that oh I think use. That's going to. That's also something that needs to be developed. Location Yeah I think the location is 100% going to be remote but I think there's sub questions in there because people need to collaborate on time zone so probably be better to group like you know different people on the same track like roughly in the same time zone to make it easier for them to communicate and collaborate right
Yeah I think the location is 100% going to be remote but I think there's sub questions in there because people need to collaborate on time zone so probably be better to group like you know different people on the same track like roughly in the same time zone to make it easier for them to communicate and collaborate right So that's not necessarily a hard rule but we should think about how location you know in a remote contributor context like affects people's ability to contribute and coordinate with each other
So that's not necessarily a hard rule but we should think about how location you know in a remote contributor context like affects people's ability to contribute and coordinate with each other Yeah and I think that's so cool and this is why I love doing this live because y'all I said location and in my head I was thinking of where are people going to go through these tracks like how are we going to process it and you thought like physical location or
Yeah and I think that's so cool and this is why I love doing this live because y'all I said location and in my head I was thinking of where are people going to go through these tracks like how are we going to process it and you thought like physical location or This is like a huge thing on what happens with these like when you plan these projects like this is like a big part of projects of going like what words mean the same thing but they context is everything so I love that that actually came up because my hope of us doing this live is also people see how to work through a project
This is like a huge thing on what happens with these like when you plan these projects like this is like a big part of projects of going like what words mean the same thing but they context is everything so I love that that actually came up because my hope of us doing this live is also people see how to work through a project It's such a skill set that you have to learn. Yep. Yeah and also doing that with like a bottom up approach right instead of making a top down kind of command and control approach like. I'm going to do location and then do what would I call this then
It's such a skill set that you have to learn. Yep. Yeah and also doing that with like a bottom up approach right instead of making a top down kind of command and control approach like. I'm going to do location and then do what would I call this then Yeah for where we're doing the trade not trainings but the kind of trainings but not really like are we yeah yeah I'm not sure on that yeah. I'm going to say LMS for now that means learning management system. Yeah
Yeah for where we're doing the trade not trainings but the kind of trainings but not really like are we yeah yeah I'm not sure on that yeah. I'm going to say LMS for now that means learning management system. Yeah Yeah. Just so that way I remember that it's like a thing that needs to be figured out not that it's necessarily because y'all this is something that I think is a really good call out to of. You kind of want to I don't want questions I kind of want statements let's do yeah let's start our own
Yeah. Just so that way I remember that it's like a thing that needs to be figured out not that it's necessarily because y'all this is something that I think is a really good call out to of. You kind of want to I don't want questions I kind of want statements let's do yeah let's start our own FAQ thing that is in the way we're really doing is we're like diving into like how do the individual pieces of this work and if we make those statements will be able to review those statements at the end to make sure they like all align with each other right
FAQ thing that is in the way we're really doing is we're like diving into like how do the individual pieces of this work and if we make those statements will be able to review those statements at the end to make sure they like all align with each other right You can like build up each piece by itself so we don't get overwhelmed and then do like kind of a review and alignment sort of is. My Mike I really I hate my Mike being in my camera like so I have it off to the side but then I can't see my full screen. Oh
You can like build up each piece by itself so we don't get overwhelmed and then do like kind of a review and alignment sort of is. My Mike I really I hate my Mike being in my camera like so I have it off to the side but then I can't see my full screen. Oh Oh. So I feel like a great that so statement so i'm going to add like why no back end in there because well it's because the gets me. And for like why are we not calling this tree. Like you you said this so well like
Oh. So I feel like a great that so statement so i'm going to add like why no back end in there because well it's because the gets me. And for like why are we not calling this tree. Like you you said this so well like So we don't have the capacity to teach people they're much better programs out there if you want to learn how to code
So we don't have the capacity to teach people they're much better programs out there if you want to learn how to code I think that everyone can learn through contributing to DA but that's going to be in a practical like action oriented sense of like you know let's talk about let's talk through an issue right come to
I think that everyone can learn through contributing to DA but that's going to be in a practical like action oriented sense of like you know let's talk about let's talk through an issue right come to Come to come to a code jam or you know maybe through the tracks like what's like build that understanding together
Come to come to a code jam or you know maybe through the tracks like what's like build that understanding together So you got to be able to go out and like write code to to move the needle on that issue on your own and then there's another round of learning during the PR process right where like we'll double check your code will talk through anything missing so that you can learn about it
So you got to be able to go out and like write code to to move the needle on that issue on your own and then there's another round of learning during the PR process right where like we'll double check your code will talk through anything missing so that you can learn about it We do these work and progress PR so you can get feedback you know before you're ready to submit like as you're building it out. But I just want to be very clear like I'm not trained as an educator and this is not supposed to be an educational program
We do these work and progress PR so you can get feedback you know before you're ready to submit like as you're building it out. But I just want to be very clear like I'm not trained as an educator and this is not supposed to be an educational program This is probably a great next step right for people coming out of boot camps that no react already you know maybe still need to learn typescripts but you can pick up typescripts like as you're on the project
This is probably a great next step right for people coming out of boot camps that no react already you know maybe still need to learn typescripts but you can pick up typescripts like as you're on the project Yeah yeah yeah it's got to be a certain level of like you're ready to contribute and then this is like a good capstone you know on that educational experience or a good way to show off a new skill you're you're learning you know before you try to get that next job or something like that
Yeah yeah yeah it's got to be a certain level of like you're ready to contribute and then this is like a good capstone you know on that educational experience or a good way to show off a new skill you're you're learning you know before you try to get that next job or something like that I just want to be clear about that because I don't want to do people to service right or like you know I'm excited about the wrong thing
I just want to be clear about that because I don't want to do people to service right or like you know I'm excited about the wrong thing Yeah and and I think it's something that a lot of people may still associate it to the same thing meaning that like what you just said I'm like oh yeah I'll gain experience and I'll learn but that doesn't necessarily mean training
Yeah and and I think it's something that a lot of people may still associate it to the same thing meaning that like what you just said I'm like oh yeah I'll gain experience and I'll learn but that doesn't necessarily mean training Yeah and I think so do you think experience not training is a good way of summarizing that
Yeah and I think so do you think experience not training is a good way of summarizing that Yeah I think so I think you learn by doing with this project right that learning will happen you know but we are not educators we are not here to train you know like teach you how to code or something we're here to create like safe and like approachable environment for you to hone your skills like wow making meaningful contributions so I think that really captures like the idea there
Yeah I think so I think you learn by doing with this project right that learning will happen you know but we are not educators we are not here to train you know like teach you how to code or something we're here to create like safe and like approachable environment for you to hone your skills like wow making meaningful contributions so I think that really captures like the idea there Okay so if we were to define a track not like like what would you want somebody to get out of a track like they come in not knowing choose any of them I don't care which one but if you were like yo I really want them to be able to do xyz when they're done with a track do you have like an idea
Okay so if we were to define a track not like like what would you want somebody to get out of a track like they come in not knowing choose any of them I don't care which one but if you were like yo I really want them to be able to do xyz when they're done with a track do you have like an idea So let's say like for that that kind of front end track right you might come into it knowing react and like CSS right and and
So let's say like for that that kind of front end track right you might come into it knowing react and like CSS right and and So if you know react and CSS and have like you know basic idea of like what web dev is right you can pick up type script as you go that's not going to be that hard maybe you also know testing like unit testing right so like react CSS unit testing those are usually core concepts covered by a bootcamp you'll pick up and and testing as you go
So if you know react and CSS and have like you know basic idea of like what web dev is right you can pick up type script as you go that's not going to be that hard maybe you also know testing like unit testing right so like react CSS unit testing those are usually core concepts covered by a bootcamp you'll pick up and and testing as you go And you'll pick up like Gatsby right so you'll learn a couple new frameworks you'll learn you know a new like derivative language you'll extend your testing knowledge and I think that like what that looks like is what it looks like when you first start any job right like you're not going to know all the technology that you use at that job but you should be you know like like your skills should be there where you can pick that up as you go and so I think that this offers like a very practical way to do it
And you'll pick up like Gatsby right so you'll learn a couple new frameworks you'll learn you know a new like derivative language you'll extend your testing knowledge and I think that like what that looks like is what it looks like when you first start any job right like you're not going to know all the technology that you use at that job but you should be you know like like your skills should be there where you can pick that up as you go and so I think that this offers like a very practical way to do it So it's a very practical experience for for like what getting a new job and getting onboarded like a new tech team looks like. So incoming they know like react and CSS what web dev is but like and they know a bit about testing. So I'm going to say like high level maybe not
So it's a very practical experience for for like what getting a new job and getting onboarded like a new tech team looks like. So incoming they know like react and CSS what web dev is but like and they know a bit about testing. So I'm going to say like high level maybe not High level screen yeah like like have you written a unit test before do you understand like what testing is you know but like you don't need to be like a professional tester or anything. Okay and then outgoing you said that they would learn like Gatsby they would what were the other one
High level screen yeah like like have you written a unit test before do you understand like what testing is you know but like you don't need to be like a professional tester or anything. Okay and then outgoing you said that they would learn like Gatsby they would what were the other one That's right. Probably tailwind as like a CSS framework. They'll enhance their knowledge on testing like end to end testing maybe is something folks might get less experience with kind of like new green field projects
That's right. Probably tailwind as like a CSS framework. They'll enhance their knowledge on testing like end to end testing maybe is something folks might get less experience with kind of like new green field projects Yeah and then there'll also be more confident right this is like the non tangible like you know but like you'll be able to approach like a blank page and kind of know like what components might need to be going on there and have a way it out and stuff
Yeah and then there'll also be more confident right this is like the non tangible like you know but like you'll be able to approach like a blank page and kind of know like what components might need to be going on there and have a way it out and stuff So just kind of that general like oh I've done this a few times before like I have some confidence I've done it in a environment you know not a toy project but like a real thing that's live and people are using
So just kind of that general like oh I've done this a few times before like I have some confidence I've done it in a environment you know not a toy project but like a real thing that's live and people are using Yeah and then I think there's like a number of like less like learning related kind of outgoing benefits but we can do things like a LinkedIn recommendation or a you know a certification of completion or something like that right you know to highlight the you know the fact that someone made it through this program and then what they accomplished
Yeah and then I think there's like a number of like less like learning related kind of outgoing benefits but we can do things like a LinkedIn recommendation or a you know a certification of completion or something like that right you know to highlight the you know the fact that someone made it through this program and then what they accomplished Okay and I know like this is all like just spitball in here and this makes sense. So let me grab some arrows I want some arrows give me some arrows can I do that it. Okay that works thank you oh yeah we can do it in our back no that didn't get close
Okay and I know like this is all like just spitball in here and this makes sense. So let me grab some arrows I want some arrows give me some arrows can I do that it. Okay that works thank you oh yeah we can do it in our back no that didn't get close You might need to click on the front end box and then yeah there you go. Wait that's one yeah okay we're you know what that would make you guys automatically. Yeah. We're just going to delete it it's fine we'll we'll go back into it later because thought I will get like with the computer
You might need to click on the front end box and then yeah there you go. Wait that's one yeah okay we're you know what that would make you guys automatically. Yeah. We're just going to delete it it's fine we'll we'll go back into it later because thought I will get like with the computer It's easy to pick up you just need to like get some practice with the mechanics of Lucid Charm
It's easy to pick up you just need to like get some practice with the mechanics of Lucid Charm Yes yes this way so whatever you you're not getting any arrows right now so just do this there there so what are they doing in between are they like how do we structure like and I'm I'm not going to do this
Yes yes this way so whatever you you're not getting any arrows right now so just do this there there so what are they doing in between are they like how do we structure like and I'm I'm not going to do this I'm just spitballing on this one of like they need to do X amount of projects like what are you thinking that
I'm just spitballing on this one of like they need to do X amount of projects like what are you thinking that Yeah so I think what would be great for something like the front end track is like we should come prepared with a number of issues and I think like a week by week approach would make sense
Yeah so I think what would be great for something like the front end track is like we should come prepared with a number of issues and I think like a week by week approach would make sense That's like a good cadence for people have some flexibility you know but also like are expected to like you make some progress each week to prevent situations where people like don't do anything for a month and then have to catch up a lot right
That's like a good cadence for people have some flexibility you know but also like are expected to like you make some progress each week to prevent situations where people like don't do anything for a month and then have to catch up a lot right It also facilitates like you know things like multiple people on the same track can get together once a week and kind of support each other like join a code jam at the same time
It also facilitates like you know things like multiple people on the same track can get together once a week and kind of support each other like join a code jam at the same time So the types of issues here would be you know maybe thinking through a theoretical progression like we have images for those generic pages like the data is already there in our CMS we don't have an image component you know so week one might be like you know review existing code get familiar with like how the generic pages work right maybe write some tests or you know do some like lightweight stuff to like
So the types of issues here would be you know maybe thinking through a theoretical progression like we have images for those generic pages like the data is already there in our CMS we don't have an image component you know so week one might be like you know review existing code get familiar with like how the generic pages work right maybe write some tests or you know do some like lightweight stuff to like Show that knowledge right week two might be okay let's focus in on this one component and let me go ahead and build out like importing that into Gatsby and exposing that through the Gatsby GraphQL API can I take this YouTube data in the CMS and get like a YouTube component node in Gatsby's you know GraphQL API
Show that knowledge right week two might be okay let's focus in on this one component and let me go ahead and build out like importing that into Gatsby and exposing that through the Gatsby GraphQL API can I take this YouTube data in the CMS and get like a YouTube component node in Gatsby's you know GraphQL API Would you be wanting them to just like find a component that just works or would you want them to build it or like
Would you be wanting them to just like find a component that just works or would you want them to build it or like Yeah, so this isn't even component level this is just the data level like data exists in the CMS we know that in the Gatsby and expose it through the Gatsby API and that would be something I'd expect them to write right is like can you grab this note there's example code you know so like do the same thing we do for titles but do it for YouTube right or images or something
Yeah, so this isn't even component level this is just the data level like data exists in the CMS we know that in the Gatsby and expose it through the Gatsby API and that would be something I'd expect them to write right is like can you grab this note there's example code you know so like do the same thing we do for titles but do it for YouTube right or images or something Yeah and then week three might be you know like like building a component so building that image component or building that YouTube component and making sure it works on the existing generic pages you know based on on what those are
Yeah and then week three might be you know like like building a component so building that image component or building that YouTube component and making sure it works on the existing generic pages you know based on on what those are So that kind of you know in three weeks that that completes one like component that you've developed and the end and then I think like we can repeat that cycle maybe week four is like testing or something you know give people the first month to like get their hands dirty with the first one kind of figure it out and then I think we want to now that you they've like had the time to
So that kind of you know in three weeks that that completes one like component that you've developed and the end and then I think like we can repeat that cycle maybe week four is like testing or something you know give people the first month to like get their hands dirty with the first one kind of figure it out and then I think we want to now that you they've like had the time to Figure out that development cycle right they got their first component launched we want to accelerate it so maybe that it kind of gets into two week chunks you pick your next component you got two weeks to like get the data in build the component get it reviewed and out the door you know we repeat that for the next month right
Figure out that development cycle right they got their first component launched we want to accelerate it so maybe that it kind of gets into two week chunks you pick your next component you got two weeks to like get the data in build the component get it reviewed and out the door you know we repeat that for the next month right And this would all be kind of driven by you know what the existing needs are will kind of set up the issues maybe in the last you know couple weeks or something it's like hey like now that you've done this a few times what do you want to see on the website like can you make your own issue and you know ask for new content from our content team to get a cool component up there right
And this would all be kind of driven by you know what the existing needs are will kind of set up the issues maybe in the last you know couple weeks or something it's like hey like now that you've done this a few times what do you want to see on the website like can you make your own issue and you know ask for new content from our content team to get a cool component up there right Like if you wanted to upgrade you know images to galleries right can you define what how that works and what that looks like tell the content team hey instead of uploading one image and you do to upload a bunch of images for this page or something and build out a gallery component but have that be a little bit self directed you know on the on the tail end of the program
Like if you wanted to upgrade you know images to galleries right can you define what how that works and what that looks like tell the content team hey instead of uploading one image and you do to upload a bunch of images for this page or something and build out a gallery component but have that be a little bit self directed you know on the on the tail end of the program Something that comes to mind that the problem not the solution but the problem of creating consistency for people going through the program. Yeah. So I'm gonna put that over my questions
Something that comes to mind that the problem not the solution but the problem of creating consistency for people going through the program. Yeah. So I'm gonna put that over my questions Yeah and I think that's it right I think what we've seen so far is like lots of people make it through that first cycle and they'll like get their component launched or something or get whatever they're working on launched but then they don't come back to repeat the cycle and really solidify what they learned you know solidify right because it's always so much easier once you figure something out like go do that a few more times and it should be easier but you get to work on different things right you get to like if you're like learning about some of these new
Yeah and I think that's it right I think what we've seen so far is like lots of people make it through that first cycle and they'll like get their component launched or something or get whatever they're working on launched but then they don't come back to repeat the cycle and really solidify what they learned you know solidify right because it's always so much easier once you figure something out like go do that a few more times and it should be easier but you get to work on different things right you get to like if you're like learning about some of these new Languages or frameworks as you're going that first time like the second time around you should be able to test that knowledge and kind of validate that you know and like not get sucked where you got suck last time so I think that's part of this is like I feel like we do a disservice to people without the structured program because they come through they make their contribution they feel good about it they move on it's like well like spend that extra month like doubling down on that right you know getting a few more things out the door yeah yeah
Languages or frameworks as you're going that first time like the second time around you should be able to test that knowledge and kind of validate that you know and like not get sucked where you got suck last time so I think that's part of this is like I feel like we do a disservice to people without the structured program because they come through they make their contribution they feel good about it they move on it's like well like spend that extra month like doubling down on that right you know getting a few more things out the door yeah yeah So what I just added up here I don't know if you saw it was how to create consistency of the program for each cohort while thinking of DA's needs because it's like you need to think of both but like if we were just so for example for those who may be unfamiliar with any of the like champion programs that companies have a lot of times they are just like the same workshop
So what I just added up here I don't know if you saw it was how to create consistency of the program for each cohort while thinking of DA's needs because it's like you need to think of both but like if we were just so for example for those who may be unfamiliar with any of the like champion programs that companies have a lot of times they are just like the same workshop Or the same program or the same examples that they go through for a lot of them and how to do that because on these bigger companies they may not necessarily need help they just want people to be like hey you do xyz so maybe like better for hiring or an ambassador or something where for DA I think it's very important so it's a practical need as well so maybe that's a good idea
Or the same program or the same examples that they go through for a lot of them and how to do that because on these bigger companies they may not necessarily need help they just want people to be like hey you do xyz so maybe like better for hiring or an ambassador or something where for DA I think it's very important so it's a practical need as well so maybe that's a good idea So that's a bit of like mixing in you know the two maybe maybe like week one through four is the same for everyone and then the repeats are you know when I think that's where the track comes in right so definitely on the fun on track I don't think people should be working on literally the same code because that's like that doesn't advance if like three people make the YouTube component like that doesn't really help us but what we could do is like if we get two or three people in on the front on track you know it's the same process right we all meet once a week right you know and we kind of guide people through that first month you know using those meetings to check in with folks and everyone gets their component and like works through it but they can also like collaborate and support each other you know it would be the idea so I think that like can we make the process consistent even if the content is like a little bit unique so that people are making like their own contributions
So that's a bit of like mixing in you know the two maybe maybe like week one through four is the same for everyone and then the repeats are you know when I think that's where the track comes in right so definitely on the fun on track I don't think people should be working on literally the same code because that's like that doesn't advance if like three people make the YouTube component like that doesn't really help us but what we could do is like if we get two or three people in on the front on track you know it's the same process right we all meet once a week right you know and we kind of guide people through that first month you know using those meetings to check in with folks and everyone gets their component and like works through it but they can also like collaborate and support each other you know it would be the idea so I think that like can we make the process consistent even if the content is like a little bit unique so that people are making like their own contributions And you're probably right it was like the first month is going to look the same regardless of what track of like do this chunk then do that chunk then do this chunk and now we're like wrapping up with testing and reviews and you got a feature out the door right and then from there it's like okay we don't need that you as much hand holding or as many check-ins you know let's go back to that like two week cycle and you know complete somebody's chunks together at the same time or something
And you're probably right it was like the first month is going to look the same regardless of what track of like do this chunk then do that chunk then do this chunk and now we're like wrapping up with testing and reviews and you got a feature out the door right and then from there it's like okay we don't need that you as much hand holding or as many check-ins you know let's go back to that like two week cycle and you know complete somebody's chunks together at the same time or something I do think it would be a really good idea to have at least two people on each track so that they can support each other and also so that we have some like backup and resiliency in case someone can complete the program. Excuse me, Kiana has decided to brace us for further. We're talking
I do think it would be a really good idea to have at least two people on each track so that they can support each other and also so that we have some like backup and resiliency in case someone can complete the program. Excuse me, Kiana has decided to brace us for further. We're talking We're talking. Are you going to come lay down? So for those who may not know I have a bulldog and she likes to be annoying she's 12. There you go wait there we go there is the dog. We'll see if she now that she's in here if she decides to play nice. Okay so dog
We're talking. Are you going to come lay down? So for those who may not know I have a bulldog and she likes to be annoying she's 12. There you go wait there we go there is the dog. We'll see if she now that she's in here if she decides to play nice. Okay so dog Okay so dog.oci hopefully she just lays down and chills out. We were talking about at least two people per so I think that's. There's no additional casRa's to the target purng you know you guys are not so questa. Anywhere. you know, keep making progress, right? Like that kind of like. There we go
Okay so dog.oci hopefully she just lays down and chills out. We were talking about at least two people per so I think that's. There's no additional casRa's to the target purng you know you guys are not so questa. Anywhere. you know, keep making progress, right? Like that kind of like. There we go There we go. Yeah. About. There we go. It'll be, uh, the statements will be better later on. Yeah. No. That's good. I don't know. You could do board points in there. Neither did I. No. Uh, I didn't need to. So that was cool. Cool. Oh, it's because these ones don't have spaces
There we go. Yeah. About. There we go. It'll be, uh, the statements will be better later on. Yeah. No. That's good. I don't know. You could do board points in there. Neither did I. No. Uh, I didn't need to. So that was cool. Cool. Oh, it's because these ones don't have spaces Uh, uh, so if you do the dash and then the space, I can't. Cool. Oh, no. Now I gotta go do this to everything. Um, so I think that, um, that would do. Right. Maybe this is a space ahead of it or something. Probably. I think this is a really good start on everything
Uh, uh, so if you do the dash and then the space, I can't. Cool. Oh, no. Now I gotta go do this to everything. Um, so I think that, um, that would do. Right. Maybe this is a space ahead of it or something. Probably. I think this is a really good start on everything Um, do you think there's anything on here just as like the basics of what you're envisioning on the program that is not currently on this
Um, do you think there's anything on here just as like the basics of what you're envisioning on the program that is not currently on this I feel like we have a good idea of like, you know, what are the tracks and for every track we can build in the same way where we have certain expectations for folks coming in
I feel like we have a good idea of like, you know, what are the tracks and for every track we can build in the same way where we have certain expectations for folks coming in There's like a progression pathway that we can define ahead of time through the track, you know, and there's like, here's the like leveling up and, you know, kind of thank you. So you'll get after completing the program. So I feel like the tracks like we got good ideas there
There's like a progression pathway that we can define ahead of time through the track, you know, and there's like, here's the like leveling up and, you know, kind of thank you. So you'll get after completing the program. So I feel like the tracks like we got good ideas there We got an idea for the format
We got an idea for the format Um, what I'm not seeing here is the people because it's going to take me more than me, you and Ramon to run this, right? So I think we should think through like, what's our ideal setup
Um, what I'm not seeing here is the people because it's going to take me more than me, you and Ramon to run this, right? So I think we should think through like, what's our ideal setup One thought I had there was that every track should have like a mentor, you know, some like mid-the-semiere level dev that is not responsible necessarily for contributing code to distribute aid, but is responsible for supporting the people going through that track and maybe meeting with them once every other week, you know, kind of hosting an office hours for that track or something
One thought I had there was that every track should have like a mentor, you know, some like mid-the-semiere level dev that is not responsible necessarily for contributing code to distribute aid, but is responsible for supporting the people going through that track and maybe meeting with them once every other week, you know, kind of hosting an office hours for that track or something But I feel like that would be a great way to connect more experienced devs with folks that are like still kind of getting their feet in the industry in a way that like isn't asking the more experienced side just to just like do more coding that they do at work
But I feel like that would be a great way to connect more experienced devs with folks that are like still kind of getting their feet in the industry in a way that like isn't asking the more experienced side just to just like do more coding that they do at work This is a bit more fun and exciting and you know, like, feels better for them. So I feel like that would be a good reach goal
This is a bit more fun and exciting and you know, like, feels better for them. So I feel like that would be a good reach goal Obviously like I can take a track, I'm sure Ramon will take a track, I don't know if you want to take a track, but I feel like maybe you shouldn't because you're going to be like looking at the program as a whole, which means that we just need like a couple more folks that want to, you know, have that once a week meeting, you know, office hours style to help folks progress through the track
Obviously like I can take a track, I'm sure Ramon will take a track, I don't know if you want to take a track, but I feel like maybe you shouldn't because you're going to be like looking at the program as a whole, which means that we just need like a couple more folks that want to, you know, have that once a week meeting, you know, office hours style to help folks progress through the track Yeah, yeah, and I think that is I'll work on that later, but every track would have a mentor to allow for office hours and mentorship
Yeah, yeah, and I think that is I'll work on that later, but every track would have a mentor to allow for office hours and mentorship I think that's a great way to summarize that, eventually, and I think something that I'm really excited for is for the streams, it's basically like, let me info them. So that way, by next week, I can work through all of this. That's exactly
I think that's a great way to summarize that, eventually, and I think something that I'm really excited for is for the streams, it's basically like, let me info them. So that way, by next week, I can work through all of this. That's exactly That's exactly. Yeah, I feel like like next week, you know, I can be at some more time to play around the boosted chart, we can kind of like present this in a structured way and that's where we can really engage our audience
That's exactly. Yeah, I feel like like next week, you know, I can be at some more time to play around the boosted chart, we can kind of like present this in a structured way and that's where we can really engage our audience You know, what do you all think? Like does this, is the any red flags we don't or do you know, do you have any preferences? By the way, two or three viewers, please do chime in. I am checking the comments and stuff and your feedback is certainly appreciated
You know, what do you all think? Like does this, is the any red flags we don't or do you know, do you have any preferences? By the way, two or three viewers, please do chime in. I am checking the comments and stuff and your feedback is certainly appreciated Yes, yes, agreed, agreed, and something else that behind the scenes, I will start meeting with more of the DA team and learning more about it because this I might have more experience with yet at the same time, I'm not as familiar doing this for developer tracks or for with the a specifically specifically, I can word
Yes, yes, agreed, agreed, and something else that behind the scenes, I will start meeting with more of the DA team and learning more about it because this I might have more experience with yet at the same time, I'm not as familiar doing this for developer tracks or for with the a specifically specifically, I can word And I think this is just a great way to get started. I know for myself, that was a lot of what I wanted to get out of today. Is there anything else that you wanted to add? I know we're cutting our time short
And I think this is just a great way to get started. I know for myself, that was a lot of what I wanted to get out of today. Is there anything else that you wanted to add? I know we're cutting our time short I'm feeling pretty good, honestly, and I don't mind, you know, keeping the stream to an hour here. Like I think that, you know, we got some structure and you just got access to our tooling and our kind of internal spaces
I'm feeling pretty good, honestly, and I don't mind, you know, keeping the stream to an hour here. Like I think that, you know, we got some structure and you just got access to our tooling and our kind of internal spaces So, yeah, I think it's probably best like take this run with it for a week and then let's check in next week, see where it's at. Very cool, very cool. Well, thank you everyone for joining today and next week we will see you again and have more structure for you to have some input
So, yeah, I think it's probably best like take this run with it for a week and then let's check in next week, see where it's at. Very cool, very cool. Well, thank you everyone for joining today and next week we will see you again and have more structure for you to have some input Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, structure. Tell your friends be sure to show up, start getting excited if you want to join our program and help us build it out in a way that's right for you. So, yeah, thank you. Go, bye everybody.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, structure. Tell your friends be sure to show up, start getting excited if you want to join our program and help us build it out in a way that's right for you. So, yeah, thank you. Go, bye everybody.