Hello, hello, beautiful humans. Welcome to another Miss Munde with Laura. I don't know what side of screen you're on, so I'm just going to go with this one. Okay, for me, I'm on the other side, but that's cool. You know what numbers are you're on? We'll go with both. Somewhere. Hello Somewhere. Hello. How are you this lovely, lovely Monday? I am. I am pretty good. I am slightly grumpy about people abandoning COVID mitigation, but you know, like conferences and so on
Somewhere. Hello. How are you this lovely, lovely Monday? I am. I am pretty good. I am slightly grumpy about people abandoning COVID mitigation, but you know, like conferences and so on Like I don't know if you saw any of the FASDEM was like the free open source conference that was going on in sick Brussels. I don't remember. Anyway, it was going on this past weekend
Like I don't know if you saw any of the FASDEM was like the free open source conference that was going on in sick Brussels. I don't remember. Anyway, it was going on this past weekend And like somebody, somebody posted that they were pretty sad to see how few people were masked, for instance, and, and so on. And then there's, there's something that I'll be going to sometimes soon. And there are no measures in place, but they are serving food
And like somebody, somebody posted that they were pretty sad to see how few people were masked, for instance, and, and so on. And then there's, there's something that I'll be going to sometimes soon. And there are no measures in place, but they are serving food And it's going to take me like two hours to get there and the thing is going to happen during dinner
And it's going to take me like two hours to get there and the thing is going to happen during dinner And so I won't be able to eat because I won't be able to take off my mask because there isn't like, they're not providing like an outdoor space and they're not requiring like testing your vaccines or anything. And so I'll just be like watching people eat and it'll be a bummer
And so I won't be able to eat because I won't be able to take off my mask because there isn't like, they're not providing like an outdoor space and they're not requiring like testing your vaccines or anything. And so I'll just be like watching people eat and it'll be a bummer I'm like, I'm a little torn on this reply. In the fact that I'm like, in my head, I'm like, well, then just go at your own risk kind of thing. Like that's my initial thought process. In stink, I guess you could say, is like that
I'm like, I'm a little torn on this reply. In the fact that I'm like, in my head, I'm like, well, then just go at your own risk kind of thing. Like that's my initial thought process. In stink, I guess you could say, is like that But then at the same time, I'm like, that leaves out a lot of people if they have to wear their mask the entire time. And also, I'm just like, I don't know. I'm a little torn because thanks Anthony. Hey. Thank you. Grunts. I will announce in like two weeks where I work, where I will be working
But then at the same time, I'm like, that leaves out a lot of people if they have to wear their mask the entire time. And also, I'm just like, I don't know. I'm a little torn because thanks Anthony. Hey. Thank you. Grunts. I will announce in like two weeks where I work, where I will be working For now, just, yeah, I got a job. Like, I'm very entrenched in this like COVID thing. I don't know. Like, I think it's kind of like that, that thought process of accessibility as well. It so much is. And it's, I'm so torn
For now, just, yeah, I got a job. Like, I'm very entrenched in this like COVID thing. I don't know. Like, I think it's kind of like that, that thought process of accessibility as well. It so much is. And it's, I'm so torn Because you have like, I'm not saying, so there's a spectrum of everything, right? And like to me, when I think of it, I automatically go like, it's the germaphobes is what I'm going to go with just because I don't have a very good vocabulary for it
Because you have like, I'm not saying, so there's a spectrum of everything, right? And like to me, when I think of it, I automatically go like, it's the germaphobes is what I'm going to go with just because I don't have a very good vocabulary for it And in my head, I would like, the germaphobes are the ones that are concerned about it. And you're so right about that it's, it's not. There's a lot of people that are still immune compromised. And the world is moving on and leaving them behind. Yep. So, I mean, my sister is immune compromised
And in my head, I would like, the germaphobes are the ones that are concerned about it. And you're so right about that it's, it's not. There's a lot of people that are still immune compromised. And the world is moving on and leaving them behind. Yep. So, I mean, my sister is immune compromised She had an autoimmune disease called Guillain-Barré syndrome that left her lower legs partially paralyzed when she was 11. And so, she'll be immune compromised for her entire life. And so, like, she, what she can't have flu vaccines. Oh wow. Okay. And so, like, she's an example of a person
She had an autoimmune disease called Guillain-Barré syndrome that left her lower legs partially paralyzed when she was 11. And so, she'll be immune compromised for her entire life. And so, like, she, what she can't have flu vaccines. Oh wow. Okay. And so, like, she's an example of a person Like, you wouldn't look at her and think, oh, she's looking like she's ill or whatever. But she's immune compromised. I look fine, but I have damaged lungs from pneumonia a couple of years ago
Like, you wouldn't look at her and think, oh, she's looking like she's ill or whatever. But she's immune compromised. I look fine, but I have damaged lungs from pneumonia a couple of years ago And then there's also just like, you know, my best friend had COVID and then had long COVID for a long time. And she sort of still does because she ended up with an vagina at 38. She was like otherwise completely healthy. But now she has a heart condition for the rest of her life
And then there's also just like, you know, my best friend had COVID and then had long COVID for a long time. And she sort of still does because she ended up with an vagina at 38. She was like otherwise completely healthy. But now she has a heart condition for the rest of her life And other people, you know, experience like cognitive problems that go on for a long time with long COVID. And there have been studies showing in, I don't remember what the percentage was in, they did like in out of out of a hundred men who have had COVID, four were infertile after that. Oh, damn
And other people, you know, experience like cognitive problems that go on for a long time with long COVID. And there have been studies showing in, I don't remember what the percentage was in, they did like in out of out of a hundred men who have had COVID, four were infertile after that. Oh, damn Oh, damn. Yeah. And some percentage more had a radically lowered sperm count. And I don't have sperm, right? But like, apparently, this is a thing that can do like this, this virus can do pretty impressively bad stuff to your body. But you don't even necessarily know it until later
Oh, damn. Yeah. And some percentage more had a radically lowered sperm count. And I don't have sperm, right? But like, apparently, this is a thing that can do like this, this virus can do pretty impressively bad stuff to your body. But you don't even necessarily know it until later Like, most men don't get their, you know, sperm counts checked. Very regularly. You see, you wouldn't even know. That's true. Right. And people don't get like long X-rays. So you wouldn't know heart things. You might not know. You know, like all this stuff, like we don't, we don't scan people
Like, most men don't get their, you know, sperm counts checked. Very regularly. You see, you wouldn't even know. That's true. Right. And people don't get like long X-rays. So you wouldn't know heart things. You might not know. You know, like all this stuff, like we don't, we don't scan people We don't find out. So that means that like the percentage that we know about is definitely the floor. Like it's at least this percentage of people end up with these long term problems. We don't know how super long because it's been three years. We know that it's at least three years later
We don't find out. So that means that like the percentage that we know about is definitely the floor. Like it's at least this percentage of people end up with these long term problems. We don't know how super long because it's been three years. We know that it's at least three years later People are still having these problems. And really quick for those who are just joining, Laura and I are diving in a bit deeper about the, how would I recap this of like COVID mitigations that meetups and conferences and stuff? Yeah
People are still having these problems. And really quick for those who are just joining, Laura and I are diving in a bit deeper about the, how would I recap this of like COVID mitigations that meetups and conferences and stuff? Yeah And also, but diving in a little deeper about the accessibility behind it of, because I'm very much like my first instinct was like, yo, go at your own risk. And it's definitely something that it, yes, yes, yes, we did say accessibility. And then you showed up. See how that works
And also, but diving in a little deeper about the accessibility behind it of, because I'm very much like my first instinct was like, yo, go at your own risk. And it's definitely something that it, yes, yes, yes, we did say accessibility. And then you showed up. See how that works See how that works. It's like magical. It is magical. Then shows up when we say accessibility. And it definitely is something that I feel like it's so, it's one of those things like I logically get what you're saying
See how that works. It's like magical. It is magical. Then shows up when we say accessibility. And it definitely is something that I feel like it's so, it's one of those things like I logically get what you're saying Yeah, emotionally, like, and I don't even know if emotionally is the right word, but part of me is like stop taking away the fun from everyone else. But like, the medications that I'm proposing are like providing a space outdoors to eat. There's nothing there's nothing to talk about
Yeah, emotionally, like, and I don't even know if emotionally is the right word, but part of me is like stop taking away the fun from everyone else. But like, the medications that I'm proposing are like providing a space outdoors to eat. There's nothing there's nothing to talk about Yeah, but like my instinct is like not being so, yeah, that's honestly doesn't make any sense. And it's interesting. And I think that's so important for people to acknowledge their initial feelings and be open to conversation around it
Yeah, but like my instinct is like not being so, yeah, that's honestly doesn't make any sense. And it's interesting. And I think that's so important for people to acknowledge their initial feelings and be open to conversation around it Because there's so much that goes into conferences and meetups to be able to make it accessible for everyone. Because if they just get the virtual version, they're not getting the networking, they're not getting the side conversations. And then, oh, I like that
Because there's so much that goes into conferences and meetups to be able to make it accessible for everyone. Because if they just get the virtual version, they're not getting the networking, they're not getting the side conversations. And then, oh, I like that Also make your COVID policies no earlier and don't change them after people have already signed up. Or at least don't make the policies more lax after people signed up. Yeah. Yeah, I think that was an issue at I want to say it was maybe cubicon like the cubanetes con from last spring
Also make your COVID policies no earlier and don't change them after people have already signed up. Or at least don't make the policies more lax after people signed up. Yeah. Yeah, I think that was an issue at I want to say it was maybe cubicon like the cubanetes con from last spring They have said originally that they were going to require like maybe masks or vaccines. Anyway, there was something they were going to require. And then like three weeks before the event, they said actually we're not going to require these things, but people had already booked their travel
They have said originally that they were going to require like maybe masks or vaccines. Anyway, there was something they were going to require. And then like three weeks before the event, they said actually we're not going to require these things, but people had already booked their travel And we're like, oh, okay, so now I either, you know, lose the money that I've spent on this or I go and expose myself to COVID in a way that I did not agree to when I signed up for this. Like I signed up for this because it was supposed to be safer. And now it's
And we're like, oh, okay, so now I either, you know, lose the money that I've spent on this or I go and expose myself to COVID in a way that I did not agree to when I signed up for this. Like I signed up for this because it was supposed to be safer. And now it's And now it's. And then just mentioned that it might have been GitHub universe as well. That did that. I think it's definitely something that this one is. I don't know why it's like so difficult for me to like combine the the two sides of like don't take away everybody's fine
And now it's. And then just mentioned that it might have been GitHub universe as well. That did that. I think it's definitely something that this one is. I don't know why it's like so difficult for me to like combine the the two sides of like don't take away everybody's fine Excuse me, yet also make it accessible. And I then for those who are joining now, I'm saying that as in I don't have a very good vocabulary of like, you know, one extreme
Excuse me, yet also make it accessible. And I then for those who are joining now, I'm saying that as in I don't have a very good vocabulary of like, you know, one extreme But also like how to get over that emotion because it's literally just emotion that I'm saying don't take away everybody's fun or I don't want this emotion. Like I don't like wearing a mask. It does make it a lot harder for me to breathe wearing a mask. Yeah, it makes it other people safer
But also like how to get over that emotion because it's literally just emotion that I'm saying don't take away everybody's fun or I don't want this emotion. Like I don't like wearing a mask. It does make it a lot harder for me to breathe wearing a mask. Yeah, it makes it other people safer Thinking about that of also with, you know, I think the one time I took a flight last year in May 2022, I think I got COVID on the way home because I've never had COVID and they just got rid of the mask mandates and airports. And I think I got COVID from it
Thinking about that of also with, you know, I think the one time I took a flight last year in May 2022, I think I got COVID on the way home because I've never had COVID and they just got rid of the mask mandates and airports. And I think I got COVID from it So wearing a mask? No, because I was like, yeah, we don't have to wear a mask. I was so excited. So I think it's this is a very, very interesting topic. And I know like my mom, she can't get the COVID vaccines or flu vaccines. She gets really, really sick
So wearing a mask? No, because I was like, yeah, we don't have to wear a mask. I was so excited. So I think it's this is a very, very interesting topic. And I know like my mom, she can't get the COVID vaccines or flu vaccines. She gets really, really sick But again, she also yelled at people that she doesn't have to wear a mask. It was interesting. It was interesting. It was also very something I want to mention that I learned at the Denver API Meetup
But again, she also yelled at people that she doesn't have to wear a mask. It was interesting. It was interesting. It was also very something I want to mention that I learned at the Denver API Meetup The first one I went to in 2021 was there was a company that actually made a calendar to finally work with the vaccines. I do wish I remembered what the company name was. They were in Denver locally
The first one I went to in 2021 was there was a company that actually made a calendar to finally work with the vaccines. I do wish I remembered what the company name was. They were in Denver locally What did you mean? What did you mean? What did you mean? It was a calendar to work with the vaccines. And testing, it's like, you know, when the testing queue would get so long that people would be waiting there for like seven hours to try to get tested. Yeah
What did you mean? What did you mean? What did you mean? It was a calendar to work with the vaccines. And testing, it's like, you know, when the testing queue would get so long that people would be waiting there for like seven hours to try to get tested. Yeah Yeah. Or the vaccine, like that happened as well. They were able to make a queue so people could look online and they were some of the first ones to work on that. So that way people could see the queue and calendar and scheduling and all that. And I agree, Ben
Yeah. Or the vaccine, like that happened as well. They were able to make a queue so people could look online and they were some of the first ones to work on that. So that way people could see the queue and calendar and scheduling and all that. And I agree, Ben And I agree, Ben. I think it is Ben said this pandemic has been very much a showing true colors moment of history. I agree. I think it's also something where a lot of us are dealing with emotions that we have. I think that's I don't think they're necessarily, I don't think emotions are wrong
And I agree, Ben. I think it is Ben said this pandemic has been very much a showing true colors moment of history. I agree. I think it's also something where a lot of us are dealing with emotions that we have. I think that's I don't think they're necessarily, I don't think emotions are wrong I think that they are they're they're telling us something. And instead of just fighting and saying no Laura, we cannot shut down and put NASCAR in a conference is. I'm not even trying to shut down. That's what I picture people when they're like, you know, they're arguing just to argue. Yeah
I think that they are they're they're telling us something. And instead of just fighting and saying no Laura, we cannot shut down and put NASCAR in a conference is. I'm not even trying to shut down. That's what I picture people when they're like, you know, they're arguing just to argue. Yeah Yeah. I think it's a very these are very needed conversations because it really opens up somebody else's point of view. And I think it helps with the empathy side of it. And he can't talk. Yeah. I mean, and things like air purifiers make a huge difference too
Yeah. I think it's a very these are very needed conversations because it really opens up somebody else's point of view. And I think it helps with the empathy side of it. And he can't talk. Yeah. I mean, and things like air purifiers make a huge difference too So like when my youngest went back to school, it was after his school had upgraded their entire HVAC system to hospital grade filtration. And like so that's all of like the air that's getting circulated through the school
So like when my youngest went back to school, it was after his school had upgraded their entire HVAC system to hospital grade filtration. And like so that's all of like the air that's getting circulated through the school And then in the classrooms, there are also air purifiers distributed around around the classroom more than one, you know. And so Jasper wears a mask at school except he does have to eat. So he does have to take it off in order to eat
And then in the classrooms, there are also air purifiers distributed around around the classroom more than one, you know. And so Jasper wears a mask at school except he does have to eat. So he does have to take it off in order to eat But you know, we're I wouldn't say comfortable with that risk, but we're accepting that risk because of the other stuff that's in place like mandatory vaccines and and the the filtration air filtration. It makes a big difference
But you know, we're I wouldn't say comfortable with that risk, but we're accepting that risk because of the other stuff that's in place like mandatory vaccines and and the the filtration air filtration. It makes a big difference And like so air filtration is a toggle that folks who operate physical meeting places can work on without even like I'm not saying that that would be sufficient for me to take off my mask and eat with strangers
And like so air filtration is a toggle that folks who operate physical meeting places can work on without even like I'm not saying that that would be sufficient for me to take off my mask and eat with strangers But it would still make me feel better, you know, about being there at all even with a mask on. And it would make it would make everybody safer. And like so that's an option and you can you can do that without even having to require anything of the people who are arriving
But it would still make me feel better, you know, about being there at all even with a mask on. And it would make it would make everybody safer. And like so that's an option and you can you can do that without even having to require anything of the people who are arriving And you can provide an outdoor space to eat. I mean this is this is San Francisco we're talking about it's not Denver. You know, so you can year round in San Francisco you can provide an outdoor space for people to eat if they want to. I'm not saying require people to go outside
And you can provide an outdoor space to eat. I mean this is this is San Francisco we're talking about it's not Denver. You know, so you can year round in San Francisco you can provide an outdoor space for people to eat if they want to. I'm not saying require people to go outside I'm just saying provide it to so it's there. Interesting. Interesting. And I definitely see those being important
I'm just saying provide it to so it's there. Interesting. Interesting. And I definitely see those being important And also as a co organizer, like the Denver API meetup, I don't think anybody's really brought this at least that I've ever seen brought this to our attention the last year we've been holding in person
And also as a co organizer, like the Denver API meetup, I don't think anybody's really brought this at least that I've ever seen brought this to our attention the last year we've been holding in person Because I think a lot of people also say like they're just going to follow the government's deadlines. So instead of like being doing extra precautions, it's just like whatever the government says, which is like the default there
Because I think a lot of people also say like they're just going to follow the government's deadlines. So instead of like being doing extra precautions, it's just like whatever the government says, which is like the default there And I think it's there's definitely a lot more that could be done as well. And I'm curious upon like how and I don't know if anybody from the audience may have other ideas for this, but let's say you want to go to a conference and they don't have any precautions
And I think it's there's definitely a lot more that could be done as well. And I'm curious upon like how and I don't know if anybody from the audience may have other ideas for this, but let's say you want to go to a conference and they don't have any precautions Like they're just like, hey, we're going to do what the government does. The government doesn't say we have to do anything. Well, it's literally nothing. We're going to do what the government says, which is nothing. Right. Right. It's not even true though
Like they're just like, hey, we're going to do what the government does. The government doesn't say we have to do anything. Well, it's literally nothing. We're going to do what the government says, which is nothing. Right. Right. It's not even true though It's not even true because that's not what the government actually does for itself. Like if you look at gatherings of like what was it that happened recently? Oh, the world economic forum
It's not even true because that's not what the government actually does for itself. Like if you look at gatherings of like what was it that happened recently? Oh, the world economic forum They had like vaccine requirements and they had testing and people like if you look at the videos of people having these conversations, they're not masked, but they are wearing like winter clothing indoors, which means they probably have the windows open. Oh, right. And these are very small groups
They had like vaccine requirements and they had testing and people like if you look at the videos of people having these conversations, they're not masked, but they are wearing like winter clothing indoors, which means they probably have the windows open. Oh, right. And these are very small groups And so like what what the people who attend the world economic forum, like the standards they hold for what happens for themselves are not the standards that governments then hold for the general public. I hear you there
And so like what what the people who attend the world economic forum, like the standards they hold for what happens for themselves are not the standards that governments then hold for the general public. I hear you there I hear you there. What would you say if somebody does want to attend a conference and there are no precautions like any safety things that they can do to kind of yeah about where they can attend. That's right. This is my mask. So this is what I do
I hear you there. What would you say if somebody does want to attend a conference and there are no precautions like any safety things that they can do to kind of yeah about where they can attend. That's right. This is my mask. So this is what I do Like I'm going to New York City this on Thursday and I will be putting this on before I get on the train to the airport and I will not be taking it off until we get into our hotel room. So I'm going to be wearing this non-stop for like eight or 10 hours. And she got a fancy mask. It's like this
Like I'm going to New York City this on Thursday and I will be putting this on before I get on the train to the airport and I will not be taking it off until we get into our hotel room. So I'm going to be wearing this non-stop for like eight or 10 hours. And she got a fancy mask. It's like this It's like this. So it's closer to the camera. It's a last America, which is this like sort of rubbery consistency that forms like it forms a proper seal. It's actually pretty easy to breathe through this filter. It's way easier to breathe in this mask than in like a disposable mask
It's like this. So it's closer to the camera. It's a last America, which is this like sort of rubbery consistency that forms like it forms a proper seal. It's actually pretty easy to breathe through this filter. It's way easier to breathe in this mask than in like a disposable mask Because the disposable ones they make me feel really constrained because they'll be like touching my nose. And even though I can still breathe, it feels I don't know, maybe it's just like a sensory thing, but it feels restrictive and really unpleasant. So yeah, this is this is what I'll be wearing
Because the disposable ones they make me feel really constrained because they'll be like touching my nose. And even though I can still breathe, it feels I don't know, maybe it's just like a sensory thing, but it feels restrictive and really unpleasant. So yeah, this is this is what I'll be wearing And like when when we're there, we'll and this is what we did when we were in Denver too, we'll only eat in our hotel room. So we got like take out our delivery and then we ate in the hotel room and not indoors with with other people
And like when when we're there, we'll and this is what we did when we were in Denver too, we'll only eat in our hotel room. So we got like take out our delivery and then we ate in the hotel room and not indoors with with other people And so like when I go to, sorry, I didn't mean to bring up the Howdy Howdy Howdy, but hello as well. Yeah, so I'll be going to a meet up in a couple of weeks. And I will be wearing that mask and they will be serving food and I'll just be watching people eat because I won't be taking it off
And so like when I go to, sorry, I didn't mean to bring up the Howdy Howdy Howdy, but hello as well. Yeah, so I'll be going to a meet up in a couple of weeks. And I will be wearing that mask and they will be serving food and I'll just be watching people eat because I won't be taking it off You could also and I'll think it out loud that if it mattered on the meeting meet up location, you could also go outside to eat and grab some food and be right back. No. I mean like I could go eat on the sidewalk, but there isn't an outside. I'll be yielding otherwise. I guess in my head
You could also and I'll think it out loud that if it mattered on the meeting meet up location, you could also go outside to eat and grab some food and be right back. No. I mean like I could go eat on the sidewalk, but there isn't an outside. I'll be yielding otherwise. I guess in my head I guess in my head. And this is I think where a lot of people don't really think about these things because I'm like dude, you could just like take it outside wherever outside is. The sidewalk. I mean if I was really hungry, I would do that. I'm sure
I guess in my head. And this is I think where a lot of people don't really think about these things because I'm like dude, you could just like take it outside wherever outside is. The sidewalk. I mean if I was really hungry, I would do that. I'm sure I'm sure. But I think like everybody else, like there's going to be entire conversations that are happening. People will be eating and you know, you just have to like go go stand on the sidewalk and that's probably fine in this neighborhood
I'm sure. But I think like everybody else, like there's going to be entire conversations that are happening. People will be eating and you know, you just have to like go go stand on the sidewalk and that's probably fine in this neighborhood But there are neighborhoods where I wouldn't actually want to just be standing around on the sidewalk. Okay. So yeah, at least not to eat
But there are neighborhoods where I wouldn't actually want to just be standing around on the sidewalk. Okay. So yeah, at least not to eat I think this is a great conversation about accessibility because I know especially being in the tech world, we talk about a lot of the accessibility on the on websites or you and I have talked about doing accessibility for tech writing and like blog posts and those type of things
I think this is a great conversation about accessibility because I know especially being in the tech world, we talk about a lot of the accessibility on the on websites or you and I have talked about doing accessibility for tech writing and like blog posts and those type of things And it goes so much more on what I think as able people, well, I guess is the proper way of saying that. Don't think of or may not consider. And it's that another example of where when you optimize if you optimize for accessibility, it's actually beneficial to everybody
And it goes so much more on what I think as able people, well, I guess is the proper way of saying that. Don't think of or may not consider. And it's that another example of where when you optimize if you optimize for accessibility, it's actually beneficial to everybody Everybody is better off if they don't get COVID literally. Yeah. And I think it's a lot of having these conversations and like before this conversation, I never really thought about it. And now I'm like, oh, now I know
Everybody is better off if they don't get COVID literally. Yeah. And I think it's a lot of having these conversations and like before this conversation, I never really thought about it. And now I'm like, oh, now I know So what can I do? As to at least keep it in the conversation, bring it up when I can. Make a difference. Like, there are times where like I post on LinkedIn and in the comments, if you post a photo, it just not let you add alt text, which is very bananas to me in the comments
So what can I do? As to at least keep it in the conversation, bring it up when I can. Make a difference. Like, there are times where like I post on LinkedIn and in the comments, if you post a photo, it just not let you add alt text, which is very bananas to me in the comments But I've gotten more used to that I'm like, yo, okay, I'm so used to adding the alt text that I will go do it and I just it didn't let me. So I was like, okay, but it's a lot of those like, okay, we're aware of it. And I think that's like the progression of change
But I've gotten more used to that I'm like, yo, okay, I'm so used to adding the alt text that I will go do it and I just it didn't let me. So I was like, okay, but it's a lot of those like, okay, we're aware of it. And I think that's like the progression of change I don't know if that's the best way of saying it is like we first have to be aware of it. Like, if we're not aware of it, we're not going to know. And if we're in my opinion, a lot of times when it's just like, we have to make a change
I don't know if that's the best way of saying it is like we first have to be aware of it. Like, if we're not aware of it, we're not going to know. And if we're in my opinion, a lot of times when it's just like, we have to make a change Like, have to, if we don't go through like the awareness to the questioning to the acceptance stage, then there's a lot of like resentment and pushing back on it. Right. Right. Yeah. I mean, and that's that's even like, that's the discovery method of pedagogy. Right
Like, have to, if we don't go through like the awareness to the questioning to the acceptance stage, then there's a lot of like resentment and pushing back on it. Right. Right. Yeah. I mean, and that's that's even like, that's the discovery method of pedagogy. Right Right. I always end up tying everything back to pedagogy. It's a roof. But it's a total thing. Like, if you and like I just did this with my five year old this morning. He was like, I don't want to wear a jacket. And I said, Oh, can I show you the temperature? And he said, Okay
Right. I always end up tying everything back to pedagogy. It's a roof. But it's a total thing. Like, if you and like I just did this with my five year old this morning. He was like, I don't want to wear a jacket. And I said, Oh, can I show you the temperature? And he said, Okay And so I showed him I was like, see, it says 38 degrees. And in our measuring system, that's only six degrees above, you know, the point at like, which water freezes. And you know, if it were, if it were this temperature, the snow would not necessarily melt if we had snow gear. And, and so on
And so I showed him I was like, see, it says 38 degrees. And in our measuring system, that's only six degrees above, you know, the point at like, which water freezes. And you know, if it were, if it were this temperature, the snow would not necessarily melt if we had snow gear. And, and so on And, and so on. And like that provided him with the information that he needed in order to like make the make the decision himself. You know, it wasn't just me like saying, you must wear a jacket, you know, and it makes this huge difference to him, which I understand, because I learned this thing
And, and so on. And like that provided him with the information that he needed in order to like make the make the decision himself. You know, it wasn't just me like saying, you must wear a jacket, you know, and it makes this huge difference to him, which I understand, because I learned this thing It's like, I feel the same way. I don't understand why. Yeah. I I agree with you. And the fact that like it's, I feel like if I were a parent, it would be a lot of, uh, Rividja said, uh, you must is a great way to get pushback. I feel like I would be the person that would say, because I said so
It's like, I feel the same way. I don't understand why. Yeah. I I agree with you. And the fact that like it's, I feel like if I were a parent, it would be a lot of, uh, Rividja said, uh, you must is a great way to get pushback. I feel like I would be the person that would say, because I said so This is not a great response. It's not going to help anything. Okay. This does bring up. And I know we have parents that watch. And I'm curious, uh, or, uh, what do you do in the why loops? Like, and they ask why a gazillion million times
This is not a great response. It's not going to help anything. Okay. This does bring up. And I know we have parents that watch. And I'm curious, uh, or, uh, what do you do in the why loops? Like, and they ask why a gazillion million times No matter what you say, it's why it depends on what sort of the vibe is, I guess. I guess like, it would be like, if it like a thinking about that, like, you should wear a jacket. No
No matter what you say, it's why it depends on what sort of the vibe is, I guess. I guess like, it would be like, if it like a thinking about that, like, you should wear a jacket. No No. Oh, actually, let me show you that it's 38 degrees and talk about what that means relative to like actual freezing and, and so on. And then he had the information he needed
No. Oh, actually, let me show you that it's 38 degrees and talk about what that means relative to like actual freezing and, and so on. And then he had the information he needed Um, that it's hard for me to imagine a kid continuing to say why? Because like the why is, oh, well, it's only six degrees above freezing. Why? Well, that's because in our measuring system, 32 degrees is the point at which water freezes
Um, that it's hard for me to imagine a kid continuing to say why? Because like the why is, oh, well, it's only six degrees above freezing. Why? Well, that's because in our measuring system, 32 degrees is the point at which water freezes Why? Why does water freeze? Oh, because it's about density and chemistry and blah, blah, blah, blah. And I can do this as long as you can kid
Why? Why does water freeze? Oh, because it's about density and chemistry and blah, blah, blah, blah. And I can do this as long as you can kid You know, like sure you want to get into the chemistry and then that's going to get into the physics and then that's going to get into the math and we'll have so much fun. And I mean, I'm saying that like a joke, but it honestly is fun for me
You know, like sure you want to get into the chemistry and then that's going to get into the physics and then that's going to get into the math and we'll have so much fun. And I mean, I'm saying that like a joke, but it honestly is fun for me So in that sense, like, I'm at, at a non repeatable or like a non generalizable advantage because it actually is fun for me. To, you know, um, because I love learning and all of that stuff. And if there's something I don't know, that's like the best
So in that sense, like, I'm at, at a non repeatable or like a non generalizable advantage because it actually is fun for me. To, you know, um, because I love learning and all of that stuff. And if there's something I don't know, that's like the best And then we can learn about it to get into the physics. If there isn't time because like it's actually time to walk out the door to go to school now, then I in that situation, what have said, okay, well, let's compromise. You need to take your jacket with you
And then we can learn about it to get into the physics. If there isn't time because like it's actually time to walk out the door to go to school now, then I in that situation, what have said, okay, well, let's compromise. You need to take your jacket with you In case you change your mind, but you know, what, what would happen if he didn't take or if he refused to take his jacket and he refused, you know, all of that. Like, is he going to die? No. And they don't play, I mean, 38 degrees, you're not even going to get frostbite
In case you change your mind, but you know, what, what would happen if he didn't take or if he refused to take his jacket and he refused, you know, all of that. Like, is he going to die? No. And they don't play, I mean, 38 degrees, you're not even going to get frostbite Like, so worst case scenario, I don't actually force him. Uh, if we lived, you know, somewhere where you could actually get frostbite, then it would be like, well, okay, here are pictures of frostbite. We've done that with rashes like when he didn't want to change his socks
Like, so worst case scenario, I don't actually force him. Uh, if we lived, you know, somewhere where you could actually get frostbite, then it would be like, well, okay, here are pictures of frostbite. We've done that with rashes like when he didn't want to change his socks I showed him pictures of athletes, but. And then he was like, I'm going to change my socks. Paris, I've shown you a lot of diaper rash. You know, like back in the day, you know, was like, why do we need to change your diaper now? Well, here's a picture of diaper rash
I showed him pictures of athletes, but. And then he was like, I'm going to change my socks. Paris, I've shown you a lot of diaper rash. You know, like back in the day, you know, was like, why do we need to change your diaper now? Well, here's a picture of diaper rash I like a Ben's response of, all right, got to know him. I don't blame you. I do not blame you. I, I will say that it's, it's definitely it. There's a whole world that many of us don't consider if we're not living it
I like a Ben's response of, all right, got to know him. I don't blame you. I do not blame you. I, I will say that it's, it's definitely it. There's a whole world that many of us don't consider if we're not living it It's like, for example, we talked about the COVID things and accessibility and parenthood. I don't have kids. I have sisters that have kids. I know a lot of my friends have kids. I've traveled with kids, but
It's like, for example, we talked about the COVID things and accessibility and parenthood. I don't have kids. I have sisters that have kids. I know a lot of my friends have kids. I've traveled with kids, but My go-to way of getting them to shut up half the time in the nicest way possible is to distract them and try to give them candy and bribe them. I'm not the best babysitter, but they're a lot. They are life when I give them back. They just might be very hyper
My go-to way of getting them to shut up half the time in the nicest way possible is to distract them and try to give them candy and bribe them. I'm not the best babysitter, but they're a lot. They are life when I give them back. They just might be very hyper So it's definitely I love that we are able to talk about and put ourselves in other people's situations. There are a few things if I remember correctly that we talked about last time or a couple times ago. Y'all last week, I was just like, did not feel good. I didn't sleep. It was very annoying
So it's definitely I love that we are able to talk about and put ourselves in other people's situations. There are a few things if I remember correctly that we talked about last time or a couple times ago. Y'all last week, I was just like, did not feel good. I didn't sleep. It was very annoying I just did not sleep last week. So sorry, we missed this Monday last week. That was all neat. But during my first, like, I'm just going to solo stream and I don't know what I'm going to stream about. Instead, last week. Yeah, how to go? Fine, I talked to myself for 45 minutes. And it was fine
I just did not sleep last week. So sorry, we missed this Monday last week. That was all neat. But during my first, like, I'm just going to solo stream and I don't know what I'm going to stream about. Instead, last week. Yeah, how to go? Fine, I talked to myself for 45 minutes. And it was fine And it was fine. Did you post it on social media that you were going live? Yeah, actually, because I had buffer has got support for mastodon now. And so my buffer post had already been scheduled to go for us. So I didn't change it to say, actually, it'll be just me. Oh, perfect. I love it. I did
And it was fine. Did you post it on social media that you were going live? Yeah, actually, because I had buffer has got support for mastodon now. And so my buffer post had already been scheduled to go for us. So I didn't change it to say, actually, it'll be just me. Oh, perfect. I love it. I did I love it. I did. I love it. Yeah, I think that's one of the fun things about learning to stream is just getting used to talking to ourselves. I will say the longest stream I have ever done is five hours
I love it. I did. I love it. Yeah, I think that's one of the fun things about learning to stream is just getting used to talking to ourselves. I will say the longest stream I have ever done is five hours And it was because I was working through some coding stuff and it was like my first big project. But even when I was working on a presentation last week, I randomly went live because I'm like, I don't work well by myself
And it was because I was working through some coding stuff and it was like my first big project. But even when I was working on a presentation last week, I randomly went live because I'm like, I don't work well by myself Like I can get very, very distracted or like, I don't know, body doubling is a big thing for me. That's an increase in all stream when I'm working on something because I'm like body doubling. Yep, it's a thing
Like I can get very, very distracted or like, I don't know, body doubling is a big thing for me. That's an increase in all stream when I'm working on something because I'm like body doubling. Yep, it's a thing Yep, it's a thing. And I'm going to look up with the official definition of body doubling is because I don't know if I know
Yep, it's a thing. And I'm going to look up with the official definition of body doubling is because I don't know if I know And just to finish the conversation about like what to do with the kids, like, so there are occasionally times when I have to just play the mom card and say, more or less, it's because I said so
And just to finish the conversation about like what to do with the kids, like, so there are occasionally times when I have to just play the mom card and say, more or less, it's because I said so But it's always I try, I feel a lot of empathy in that situation because I would hate being told because I said so like I, but that suggests is I have no justification for what I'm saying right now except that I am saying it and I'm bigger than you. Oh, you know, which is not right
But it's always I try, I feel a lot of empathy in that situation because I would hate being told because I said so like I, but that suggests is I have no justification for what I'm saying right now except that I am saying it and I'm bigger than you. Oh, you know, which is not right And so just acknowledging the this is crapness of what I'm doing to you right now. And so I'll say, I never say you have to do this just because I said so
And so just acknowledging the this is crapness of what I'm doing to you right now. And so I'll say, I never say you have to do this just because I said so If I can't explain my justification in the moment, like if there is just not enough time and it is absolutely essential that you are doing exactly what I'm saying right now, then I say that. I'll say, I can't explain it right now. It does really have to be this way
If I can't explain my justification in the moment, like if there is just not enough time and it is absolutely essential that you are doing exactly what I'm saying right now, then I say that. I'll say, I can't explain it right now. It does really have to be this way And I promise that later, I will I will explain why it had to be this way right now. And that happens pretty rarely. And so it's after we've built up some a lot of trust. Like because I don't play that card unless I absolutely have to, they know that I only play that card if I absolutely have to
And I promise that later, I will I will explain why it had to be this way right now. And that happens pretty rarely. And so it's after we've built up some a lot of trust. Like because I don't play that card unless I absolutely have to, they know that I only play that card if I absolutely have to And so they trust me when I say it absolutely has to be this way. And I can't explain right now, but I will. That makes me think a lot about just communication and relationships in general
And so they trust me when I say it absolutely has to be this way. And I can't explain right now, but I will. That makes me think a lot about just communication and relationships in general Like even starting this conversation of I don't know why exactly, but this is I don't my initial responses know. And I know it's an emotional response because there's plenty of times where, especially those
Like even starting this conversation of I don't know why exactly, but this is I don't my initial responses know. And I know it's an emotional response because there's plenty of times where, especially those Okay, I'm like on the have the opinion that all of us have been through trauma at some point on something it is something's happened. Not everybody has a very big thing. Not everybody has complex trauma, meaning that it's something that's happened many, many different types of things
Okay, I'm like on the have the opinion that all of us have been through trauma at some point on something it is something's happened. Not everybody has a very big thing. Not everybody has complex trauma, meaning that it's something that's happened many, many different types of things And that is something that I have learned in this relationship is I don't always know why I'm feeling the way I'm feeling. It just can be a reaction
And that is something that I have learned in this relationship is I don't always know why I'm feeling the way I'm feeling. It just can be a reaction And just acknowledging that like there's it's been weird, but there's been like times where something is bugging me like Tyler putting his feet on the on the coffee table 99% of the time doesn't bug me 1% of the time. I'll be like dude you need to stop doing this
And just acknowledging that like there's it's been weird, but there's been like times where something is bugging me like Tyler putting his feet on the on the coffee table 99% of the time doesn't bug me 1% of the time. I'll be like dude you need to stop doing this I don't know why it's bugging me, but this is really really bugging me. Please take the I don't exactly know why I'm having this reaction, but please work with me
I don't know why it's bugging me, but this is really really bugging me. Please take the I don't exactly know why I'm having this reaction, but please work with me And saying it like that instead of like you have to just get off, he'll be like okay why okay well if you figure it out we'll talk about this later. And because a lot of emotions can be unknown. Right. Right
And saying it like that instead of like you have to just get off, he'll be like okay why okay well if you figure it out we'll talk about this later. And because a lot of emotions can be unknown. Right. Right Right. Right. And I think that's very curious because there's there's also times where I get so overwhelmed watching hearing people talk like I'll want to support like people's live streams and stuff or hang out with them with their streaming or listen to like a podcast
Right. Right. And I think that's very curious because there's there's also times where I get so overwhelmed watching hearing people talk like I'll want to support like people's live streams and stuff or hang out with them with their streaming or listen to like a podcast And there's been times where I'm like this is random. I can't stand hearing anything. No, no, can't do it. Yeah shut down. And I'm curious have you had experiences like that too? Not necessarily either one of those, but you know
And there's been times where I'm like this is random. I can't stand hearing anything. No, no, can't do it. Yeah shut down. And I'm curious have you had experiences like that too? Not necessarily either one of those, but you know Yeah, yeah and I do the same thing where I'll say like I know that this feeling that I'm having right now is not rational. But this is what I'm experiencing right now. And I mean in like all kinds of relationships, but including with with my kids
Yeah, yeah and I do the same thing where I'll say like I know that this feeling that I'm having right now is not rational. But this is what I'm experiencing right now. And I mean in like all kinds of relationships, but including with with my kids And I don't require their feelings to be rational either. Like it's a two way street. And so they can say I feel like whatever
And I don't require their feelings to be rational either. Like it's a two way street. And so they can say I feel like whatever And I will you know commit to not getting defensive or like angry or whatever about like the way that they're feeling because feelings are not rational or are not obliged to be rational
And I will you know commit to not getting defensive or like angry or whatever about like the way that they're feeling because feelings are not rational or are not obliged to be rational Mind you there does like in in something that's like more significant than like feet on the coffee table, you know, there can be like situations where we can't let the feelings run the show either
Mind you there does like in in something that's like more significant than like feet on the coffee table, you know, there can be like situations where we can't let the feelings run the show either You know, and so sometimes it has to be like, okay, I am acknowledging that this is the way I am feeling about this. It is irrational and it's not something that that it's going to work out for you to respond to
You know, and so sometimes it has to be like, okay, I am acknowledging that this is the way I am feeling about this. It is irrational and it's not something that that it's going to work out for you to respond to So, okay, I guess I'm, you know, just going to roll with it, you know, and like try to process the feeling without having the situation resolve in the way that the feeling wants if that makes sense. It does, it does
So, okay, I guess I'm, you know, just going to roll with it, you know, and like try to process the feeling without having the situation resolve in the way that the feeling wants if that makes sense. It does, it does It does, it does. And it makes me also curious about you and I both work in the tech world and we are, we both code. There's also developer relations. There is live streaming. There is like getting frustrated at code
It does, it does. And it makes me also curious about you and I both work in the tech world and we are, we both code. There's also developer relations. There is live streaming. There is like getting frustrated at code Like there's I would almost say it's it's very similar but almost a very different dynamic that we, that shows up in this tech world, you could say
Like there's I would almost say it's it's very similar but almost a very different dynamic that we, that shows up in this tech world, you could say How do you handle that? Like, I know for myself, like for the example that I'm thinking of is like, when I can't figure out how to fix this one stupid thing. And yes, I ended up saying that is stupid and might yell at my computer and then I try to get over it
How do you handle that? Like, I know for myself, like for the example that I'm thinking of is like, when I can't figure out how to fix this one stupid thing. And yes, I ended up saying that is stupid and might yell at my computer and then I try to get over it Yet, how does that show up for you and how do you work through it? More or less in the same way. And you know, what I find is I just, I've had enough experiences now
Yet, how does that show up for you and how do you work through it? More or less in the same way. And you know, what I find is I just, I've had enough experiences now And so this is something where it can show up in things like playing a video game where you can be like working on a level and you just can't, can't get it and can't get it and then you just like walk away, just walk away. And then you come back in the next day, you can do it
And so this is something where it can show up in things like playing a video game where you can be like working on a level and you just can't, can't get it and can't get it and then you just like walk away, just walk away. And then you come back in the next day, you can do it And that's that's something that also works on all kinds of things. Like I did that when I was a math student. And oh, hey, thank you. Yeah, I was just miss. Yay. Thanks, James. Welcome everyone. This is Miss Monday. And we talk about a lot of random stuff
And that's that's something that also works on all kinds of things. Like I did that when I was a math student. And oh, hey, thank you. Yeah, I was just miss. Yay. Thanks, James. Welcome everyone. This is Miss Monday. And we talk about a lot of random stuff And at the moment, we're talking about motion when we're coding or emotion when we're both developer advocates. So like, where does this emotion show up? How do we deal with it? And specifically, we're talking about when we have a big coding thing that we're dealing with. Yeah
And at the moment, we're talking about motion when we're coding or emotion when we're both developer advocates. So like, where does this emotion show up? How do we deal with it? And specifically, we're talking about when we have a big coding thing that we're dealing with. Yeah Yeah. And so and the way that I handle it is if I possibly can, I will just close the window and do something else. It might not take, it might just be like, you know, I'll try it again in a couple of hours or or whatever
Yeah. And so and the way that I handle it is if I possibly can, I will just close the window and do something else. It might not take, it might just be like, you know, I'll try it again in a couple of hours or or whatever But if you if I possibly can, I just stop doing it because you you reach this point, it's called the point of diminished returns. And you're just like, you're not going to get anything more on it. Like banging your head against the wall right now is not going to accomplish anything further
But if you if I possibly can, I just stop doing it because you you reach this point, it's called the point of diminished returns. And you're just like, you're not going to get anything more on it. Like banging your head against the wall right now is not going to accomplish anything further It's hard though. Because sometimes I'm like, oh, I just really want to fix this because it's broken and it needs to nub me. And I'm met, you know, and so I just have to tear myself away
It's hard though. Because sometimes I'm like, oh, I just really want to fix this because it's broken and it needs to nub me. And I'm met, you know, and so I just have to tear myself away That's interesting to me and the fact that like and James, if you're still here and everyone is joined, we've got to hear your input too. Like my I'm ADHD for those who are joining right now. But like my ADHD brain is going, you can't walk away if you walk away. You'll never come back
That's interesting to me and the fact that like and James, if you're still here and everyone is joined, we've got to hear your input too. Like my I'm ADHD for those who are joining right now. But like my ADHD brain is going, you can't walk away if you walk away. You'll never come back What do you do
What do you do And so it's a very, very and we were we started talking about body doubling and what that is for those who may not know is like when you're working on stuff and there's just a person right next to you or like online, like all livestream and be working on stuff so that way I work on getting it done
And so it's a very, very and we were we started talking about body doubling and what that is for those who may not know is like when you're working on stuff and there's just a person right next to you or like online, like all livestream and be working on stuff so that way I work on getting it done Oh yeah. Feel better. Yeah. And yeah. Oh, having a bug. I was reading that. I have a bug like a viral bug. And so that's why they feel better, but feel better either way. I kind of think it still works. It still works
Oh yeah. Feel better. Yeah. And yeah. Oh, having a bug. I was reading that. I have a bug like a viral bug. And so that's why they feel better, but feel better either way. I kind of think it still works. It still works And it definitely is something that like how do you get back to it
And it definitely is something that like how do you get back to it Like you were mentioning earlier before the raid of like we have like a video game and the level like this sounds really weird, but in Dragon Age, I'm literally stuck on this expansion and level that I can't just through like a friend a million times
Like you were mentioning earlier before the raid of like we have like a video game and the level like this sounds really weird, but in Dragon Age, I'm literally stuck on this expansion and level that I can't just through like a friend a million times And I'm curious like how do you get back to it without that feeling of defeat or getting through that feeling of defeat? So I don't know if this would, I'm sure this doesn't generalize, but have you seen the Princess Bride? It is my favorite movie of all time. Okay
And I'm curious like how do you get back to it without that feeling of defeat or getting through that feeling of defeat? So I don't know if this would, I'm sure this doesn't generalize, but have you seen the Princess Bride? It is my favorite movie of all time. Okay Okay. So night night, Wesley, good work. Almost likely kill you in the morning. That's what my code says to me in my head. And I laugh like that's funny. I think that that really works. So for those who may not have seen the Princess Bride, you can find I'm grabbing the link right now
Okay. So night night, Wesley, good work. Almost likely kill you in the morning. That's what my code says to me in my head. And I laugh like that's funny. I think that that really works. So for those who may not have seen the Princess Bride, you can find I'm grabbing the link right now You need to stop everything you're doing and go watch it. And it's a great thing to break away from the code and come back of this is a movie that came out the year before I was born
You need to stop everything you're doing and go watch it. And it's a great thing to break away from the code and come back of this is a movie that came out the year before I was born And that is how much I love this movie of, and part of the movie, we don't want to give away any spoilers, but is what Laura just said of sleep well. I'll kill you in the morning basically. Yep. Meaning that do what you have to do now
And that is how much I love this movie of, and part of the movie, we don't want to give away any spoilers, but is what Laura just said of sleep well. I'll kill you in the morning basically. Yep. Meaning that do what you have to do now Will you get attacked in the morning or something will happen tomorrow or something. And it's it I love that that way of thinking of like, okay, this may continue to happen. Yeah, but yet I can persevere or I can be resilient or you know, there's other resources
Will you get attacked in the morning or something will happen tomorrow or something. And it's it I love that that way of thinking of like, okay, this may continue to happen. Yeah, but yet I can persevere or I can be resilient or you know, there's other resources So I'm I'm curious because but me and me and Steve, Camam is it said Camamil? Is that how you say that? I mean, I've heard it pronounced both Camamil and Camamile. Okay
So I'm I'm curious because but me and me and Steve, Camam is it said Camamil? Is that how you say that? I mean, I've heard it pronounced both Camamil and Camamile. Okay Okay. I'm curious what the the issue is because I think sometimes just talking it out, there's been plenty of times that I go to ask somebody a question and then like as I'm explaining it to them, I'm like, I deleted the question because I'm a wait, I just figured it out. Thanks
Okay. I'm curious what the the issue is because I think sometimes just talking it out, there's been plenty of times that I go to ask somebody a question and then like as I'm explaining it to them, I'm like, I deleted the question because I'm a wait, I just figured it out. Thanks Thanks. That is such a thing
Thanks. That is such a thing I used to tell my students that when oh yeah, so for anybody who's who's new, I was a math professor until about a year ago and I used to tell my students that one of the best ways to get your question answered quickly is to start asking like, I had a template for like, this is the problem that I'm solving because we were we were like doing this in like distance learning
I used to tell my students that when oh yeah, so for anybody who's who's new, I was a math professor until about a year ago and I used to tell my students that one of the best ways to get your question answered quickly is to start asking like, I had a template for like, this is the problem that I'm solving because we were we were like doing this in like distance learning And so they could post a question to to everybody. And so like, you had to answer like, this is the question I'm trying to solve. And this is what I've tried so far. This is why the ways that I've tried so far did not work. And then you can be like, now I need help
And so they could post a question to to everybody. And so like, you had to answer like, this is the question I'm trying to solve. And this is what I've tried so far. This is why the ways that I've tried so far did not work. And then you can be like, now I need help And if you follow those like, because I used to do that, like I would be getting ready to email my professors and I would be like, I need to do all of my due diligence on this problem before I ask. Otherwise, it's going to be embarrassing. And nine times out of 10, I answered my own question
And if you follow those like, because I used to do that, like I would be getting ready to email my professors and I would be like, I need to do all of my due diligence on this problem before I ask. Otherwise, it's going to be embarrassing. And nine times out of 10, I answered my own question I think that's a great thing too, especially for anyone that's new in tech or like, I'm a bit newer in the fact that I started teaching tech this show like seven months ago and I didn't know any coding. And it's definitely something that I've asked for help
I think that's a great thing too, especially for anyone that's new in tech or like, I'm a bit newer in the fact that I started teaching tech this show like seven months ago and I didn't know any coding. And it's definitely something that I've asked for help And sometimes you have to redirect in someone else. So I can say, because not everyone is a great teacher. And Laura is a phenomenal teacher. Hi, McCarrie. Hey, McCarrie. And Camel just said, they're getting really annoyed at syntax. They just started school and were there learning C sharp
And sometimes you have to redirect in someone else. So I can say, because not everyone is a great teacher. And Laura is a phenomenal teacher. Hi, McCarrie. Hey, McCarrie. And Camel just said, they're getting really annoyed at syntax. They just started school and were there learning C sharp I don't know why I have such a problem saying C sharp when previously coded in PHP. I'm afraid I don't know C sharp. I don't know C sharp either yet. I can say learning
I don't know why I have such a problem saying C sharp when previously coded in PHP. I'm afraid I don't know C sharp. I don't know C sharp either yet. I can say learning I can say learning. How to say this? If C sharp is your second language, which my experience has been whatever your second language is, is the hardest language because you are comparing it to the language you already know
I can say learning. How to say this? If C sharp is your second language, which my experience has been whatever your second language is, is the hardest language because you are comparing it to the language you already know And instead of being just like open, it's like, but wait, in this language, because I say this because I am learning TypeScript and Python. At the same time. And y'all, I don't, I mean, I can figure things out. You're breaking all the rules. I mean, I break all the rules too
And instead of being just like open, it's like, but wait, in this language, because I say this because I am learning TypeScript and Python. At the same time. And y'all, I don't, I mean, I can figure things out. You're breaking all the rules. I mean, I break all the rules too I'm learning, so every other Friday, I have learning Python with Laura and we are going with a fair basics. And then Josh Goldberg wrote a book called learning TypeScript
I'm learning, so every other Friday, I have learning Python with Laura and we are going with a fair basics. And then Josh Goldberg wrote a book called learning TypeScript And so he comes on and TypeScript is a more complicated language, I would say, in the fact that it is a lot of people can struggle with the type system. And it like they can do a lot of JavaScript, but may not be able to do TypeScript. And I don't understand JavaScript all that well
And so he comes on and TypeScript is a more complicated language, I would say, in the fact that it is a lot of people can struggle with the type system. And it like they can do a lot of JavaScript, but may not be able to do TypeScript. And I don't understand JavaScript all that well So it's been fine asking him to take a step back or Laura to take a step back. But at the same time, I've done more complex things that I'm like, wait, this very, very fundamental thing doesn't make sense. But I did XYZ and it's really cool having them teach it because they can connect the dots
So it's been fine asking him to take a step back or Laura to take a step back. But at the same time, I've done more complex things that I'm like, wait, this very, very fundamental thing doesn't make sense. But I did XYZ and it's really cool having them teach it because they can connect the dots But all that being said, the learning one, and then I got a compare it to the other, is very frustrating. Yeah. Yeah. And for me, I actually found learning the second language easier than the first. Now I wasn't trying to learn them at the same time
But all that being said, the learning one, and then I got a compare it to the other, is very frustrating. Yeah. Yeah. And for me, I actually found learning the second language easier than the first. Now I wasn't trying to learn them at the same time I'm not sure which one you would be considering to be the second at this point. I would say Python because yes, I've been learning Python probably longer, but I've done more stuff in JavaScript. So JavaScript makes more sense to me. Yeah
I'm not sure which one you would be considering to be the second at this point. I would say Python because yes, I've been learning Python probably longer, but I've done more stuff in JavaScript. So JavaScript makes more sense to me. Yeah Yeah. So my first, the first, okay, so the very first programming language that I started learning was HTML. And then a few years later, I learned some basic, basic pearl. And then I started in a CS1 class where we were working in C++
Yeah. So my first, the first, okay, so the very first programming language that I started learning was HTML. And then a few years later, I learned some basic, basic pearl. And then I started in a CS1 class where we were working in C++ And C++ is a lower level language than pearl, pearl, and Python or higher level languages. And like you don't have to declare your variable type in Python, you can, but you don't have to. You do have to in C++. And things were just a lot more complicated. And then I learned Python later
And C++ is a lower level language than pearl, pearl, and Python or higher level languages. And like you don't have to declare your variable type in Python, you can, but you don't have to. You do have to in C++. And things were just a lot more complicated. And then I learned Python later And I felt like learning Python was easier than learning C++, but not because of anything inherent, not because of the typing or the syntax or anything like that. But because I already struggled through programming language concepts, like what is a function? Okay
And I felt like learning Python was easier than learning C++, but not because of anything inherent, not because of the typing or the syntax or anything like that. But because I already struggled through programming language concepts, like what is a function? Okay And like what is, like if you're in like you make a, you make some functions in one file and then you have to like import that file like as a utility, like a tools, a library, depending on module, depending on what language you're working in
And like what is, like if you're in like you make a, you make some functions in one file and then you have to like import that file like as a utility, like a tools, a library, depending on module, depending on what language you're working in But anyway, you're importing like the tools from some file into another and like returning what type of value are they returning any values, what type of value are they returning
But anyway, you're importing like the tools from some file into another and like returning what type of value are they returning any values, what type of value are they returning And like debugging and like planning out how to write a program because like when you first start, you usually try to write like from top to bottom, like first it does this. And then it does another thing and then it does another thing. And then we are done
And like debugging and like planning out how to write a program because like when you first start, you usually try to write like from top to bottom, like first it does this. And then it does another thing and then it does another thing. And then we are done And when you're starting to write more complicated programs, like you don't want to work that way, you want to think about like, okay, so what's, I need a, I'm going to need a function that does this thing, but then that's internally going to need to call like a function that does this thing
And when you're starting to write more complicated programs, like you don't want to work that way, you want to think about like, okay, so what's, I need a, I'm going to need a function that does this thing, but then that's internally going to need to call like a function that does this thing And you like, you work your way down in to like the smallest little doll in the matrushka doll. And like you write just that one little function first. And then maybe you're writing like the function that's going to call that function. And, and so on
And you like, you work your way down in to like the smallest little doll in the matrushka doll. And like you write just that one little function first. And then maybe you're writing like the function that's going to call that function. And, and so on And, and so on. Like just that way of thinking about coding itself that is language agnostic. But it doesn't matter what language you're working in. These concepts are going to apply regardless
And, and so on. Like just that way of thinking about coding itself that is language agnostic. But it doesn't matter what language you're working in. These concepts are going to apply regardless And so for that was the biggest struggle for me was the concepts that didn't belong to any particular language. And then once I'd mastered those, then learning like the syntax and whatever was just like, sure. I think that that is what I'm struggling with with Python
And so for that was the biggest struggle for me was the concepts that didn't belong to any particular language. And then once I'd mastered those, then learning like the syntax and whatever was just like, sure. I think that that is what I'm struggling with with Python Because you and I are going through what I would call the fundamentals of any programming language. Yes. Where with JavaScript and what I've learned with TypeScript and JavaScript is like, I can look at the code and be able to figure out how to get it to work to each other
Because you and I are going through what I would call the fundamentals of any programming language. Yes. Where with JavaScript and what I've learned with TypeScript and JavaScript is like, I can look at the code and be able to figure out how to get it to work to each other I just may not know their names. And I may not know why they're working together. But I can be like, okay, cool. Like I really wanted dates on my, on my screen page. And I was able to figure out that I need to create a new, not module. I'm forgetting the name right now
I just may not know their names. And I may not know why they're working together. But I can be like, okay, cool. Like I really wanted dates on my, on my screen page. And I was able to figure out that I need to create a new, not module. I'm forgetting the name right now But I need to do a new thing in my TypeScript. And then it actually ended up working in like the day thought. So it's like those kind of the weird things that I'm like, cool, I care it out, but I don't know what it actually means. So I'm curious with the Camamail's problem
But I need to do a new thing in my TypeScript. And then it actually ended up working in like the day thought. So it's like those kind of the weird things that I'm like, cool, I care it out, but I don't know what it actually means. So I'm curious with the Camamail's problem First off, and this is something to like follow up of where do you get resources? This is a big reason that I started to teach in tech because I will just have random people on. So, you know, if we need to have somebody on about C sharp, I've never learned anything about C sharp
First off, and this is something to like follow up of where do you get resources? This is a big reason that I started to teach in tech because I will just have random people on. So, you know, if we need to have somebody on about C sharp, I've never learned anything about C sharp I wouldn't even know what C sharp looks like. Yeah, like, is to make it a bit more accessible where people can ask questions. I personally use Twitter a lot. And then I have my D&D discord where I go, because I don't know what I'm doing because you really sell
I wouldn't even know what C sharp looks like. Yeah, like, is to make it a bit more accessible where people can ask questions. I personally use Twitter a lot. And then I have my D&D discord where I go, because I don't know what I'm doing because you really sell And life's for me because people will find your stream and ask questions. Yes, that is great resource. Great resource. Yes. What is that? It does. It does. I had a wrong time. A lot of time. It's wrong and confident about it
And life's for me because people will find your stream and ask questions. Yes, that is great resource. Great resource. Yes. What is that? It does. It does. I had a wrong time. A lot of time. It's wrong and confident about it Yeah, I would say at least, and I don't know how Camamail handles it, but what they just said was they asked chat GPT how to do something
Yeah, I would say at least, and I don't know how Camamail handles it, but what they just said was they asked chat GPT how to do something And I ask to get me on stock because at least it's like xyz might go into it and then I can go fact check it and Google it and be like, oh, okay, so it may not work exactly like chat GPT said, but at least have more of the vocabulary to go Google because I don't know what it what it's actually called
And I ask to get me on stock because at least it's like xyz might go into it and then I can go fact check it and Google it and be like, oh, okay, so it may not work exactly like chat GPT said, but at least have more of the vocabulary to go Google because I don't know what it what it's actually called That's that's what I like. Large language models for is writer's block. The thing about it though is that it's trained on for the coding parts it's trained from stack overflow
That's that's what I like. Large language models for is writer's block. The thing about it though is that it's trained on for the coding parts it's trained from stack overflow And so for me, like I'm thinking about, okay, so I could go, okay, yeah, so it, okay, in the case where I can't even figure out how to ask my question. Well, I guess I don't know. So you're saying that it would come up with vocabulary that you don't have
And so for me, like I'm thinking about, okay, so I could go, okay, yeah, so it, okay, in the case where I can't even figure out how to ask my question. Well, I guess I don't know. So you're saying that it would come up with vocabulary that you don't have How do you ask GPT to solve your problem? Like, what do you say to the model? Yeah, like I literally said, how do I fix my image size based on this code? And I just copy a pasty entire code in there. And it's like, oh, you should probably do xyz. I'm like, oh, okay, cool
How do you ask GPT to solve your problem? Like, what do you say to the model? Yeah, like I literally said, how do I fix my image size based on this code? And I just copy a pasty entire code in there. And it's like, oh, you should probably do xyz. I'm like, oh, okay, cool But it gives me the code example, but that it also says what that is called to do it. Like you need to change this variable. I'm spitt falling by. And then I go, oh, that's what that's called
But it gives me the code example, but that it also says what that is called to do it. Like you need to change this variable. I'm spitt falling by. And then I go, oh, that's what that's called Or like I've copied and pasted a piece of code and it's like in JavaScript, what is this called? I need to tell me. Okay, yeah, okay, that makes sense to me
Or like I've copied and pasted a piece of code and it's like in JavaScript, what is this called? I need to tell me. Okay, yeah, okay, that makes sense to me Like, because it's more like in the way that a lot of us learned to use Wikipedia, say, like teachers would usually say, you can't cite Wikipedia. But what you can do is you go into, you go in, you search for something and you find like an article about that thing in Wikipedia
Like, because it's more like in the way that a lot of us learned to use Wikipedia, say, like teachers would usually say, you can't cite Wikipedia. But what you can do is you go into, you go in, you search for something and you find like an article about that thing in Wikipedia And then you can look at Wikipedia's sources. So, and Wikipedia can tell you like more vocabulary and so on, like you were saying. So yeah, that makes that makes complete sense to me
And then you can look at Wikipedia's sources. So, and Wikipedia can tell you like more vocabulary and so on, like you were saying. So yeah, that makes that makes complete sense to me I was worried because I was thinking that you and Camel me over is saying like that chat GPT can actually solve the problem. And it probably can't, a lot of the time
I was worried because I was thinking that you and Camel me over is saying like that chat GPT can actually solve the problem. And it probably can't, a lot of the time But what it can do is provide like some infrastructure for you to have more more vocabulary like you were saying that makes complete sense. I would say that it also really helps. Yeah, because Camel mell said that they like it for explanations against as well
But what it can do is provide like some infrastructure for you to have more more vocabulary like you were saying that makes complete sense. I would say that it also really helps. Yeah, because Camel mell said that they like it for explanations against as well It also just, and this is so funny as you're talking about Wikipedia, something that I absolutely love about our streams, no matter if it's miss Monday or our Python Friday is eight year amazing teacher. What about Jay? Hey Jay
It also just, and this is so funny as you're talking about Wikipedia, something that I absolutely love about our streams, no matter if it's miss Monday or our Python Friday is eight year amazing teacher. What about Jay? Hey Jay Also, you understand like words, uh, learning because you talked about Wikipedia and I'm like, that would have meant that I actually needed to like go understand how to do a research paper. And I'm like, I never did that. I never, ever, I've always failed my research papers. And thank you Jay
Also, you understand like words, uh, learning because you talked about Wikipedia and I'm like, that would have meant that I actually needed to like go understand how to do a research paper. And I'm like, I never did that. I never, ever, I've always failed my research papers. And thank you Jay And thank you Jay. Like Josh being the other livestream, um, for learning typescript, he like makes me read the stuff. He's like, you can't just skip through it. You have to read it. And it's actually really funny. Yeah, it's really hard for me to go eat it. And y'all make me a better student
And thank you Jay. Like Josh being the other livestream, um, for learning typescript, he like makes me read the stuff. He's like, you can't just skip through it. You have to read it. And it's actually really funny. Yeah, it's really hard for me to go eat it. And y'all make me a better student It's, it, um, I think it makes a lot of sense. So, uh, a math educator named Dan Meyer, um, had a, a catchphrase that was like, if math is the aspirin, what's the headache? And so the idea was that you, you get the students to a point where they want to solve a problem
It's, it, um, I think it makes a lot of sense. So, uh, a math educator named Dan Meyer, um, had a, a catchphrase that was like, if math is the aspirin, what's the headache? And so the idea was that you, you get the students to a point where they want to solve a problem Like they want a tool to solve this problem because they've tried all the tools that they already have to solve the problem. And they can't solve the problem. So you give them the headache before you give them the aspirin
Like they want a tool to solve this problem because they've tried all the tools that they already have to solve the problem. And they can't solve the problem. So you give them the headache before you give them the aspirin Like so, so say, like one of the, uh, let me grab the, I'm just going to grab his blog post because it's going to show this so much better than I can describe
Like so, so say, like one of the, uh, let me grab the, I'm just going to grab his blog post because it's going to show this so much better than I can describe Um, And, uh, while you do that really quick, Jay, how was your stream? Because, um, I really wanted, I saw he started streaming like half an hour before we did it. No, I'm going to miss Jay's stream. And oh, yes, as somebody who suffers, uh, from migraines, they would rather not have headaches
Um, And, uh, while you do that really quick, Jay, how was your stream? Because, um, I really wanted, I saw he started streaming like half an hour before we did it. No, I'm going to miss Jay's stream. And oh, yes, as somebody who suffers, uh, from migraines, they would rather not have headaches I do not want to know. I also have migraines and would rather not have headaches. So you can think of it in any way, in any way that works for you. Um, let me get back to us and then I can share my screen. Um, um, oops. Okay. Oh, Jay said that landscaping came early and cut off the stream. Yes
I do not want to know. I also have migraines and would rather not have headaches. So you can think of it in any way, in any way that works for you. Um, let me get back to us and then I can share my screen. Um, um, oops. Okay. Oh, Jay said that landscaping came early and cut off the stream. Yes Yes. Yeah, that, that is a thing. Um, so let me, yeah, I was like, can you do it in like a million times because I can't see it all? Okay. So we did this whole thing, but I just wanted to see the, uh, he doesn't have the picture. I thought it was going to have the picture
Yes. Yeah, that, that is a thing. Um, so let me, yeah, I was like, can you do it in like a million times because I can't see it all? Okay. So we did this whole thing, but I just wanted to see the, uh, he doesn't have the picture. I thought it was going to have the picture Oh, this is going to be it. Or it'll have one of them. Um, something like, like, like this. So you, you present the students with like a, a situation. I mean, basically, these are, it's, it's word problems. Um, yeah. But there were problems with like a visual
Oh, this is going to be it. Or it'll have one of them. Um, something like, like, like this. So you, you present the students with like a, a situation. I mean, basically, these are, it's, it's word problems. Um, yeah. But there were problems with like a visual And so you can look at this and you can think like, okay, so you, you just, look, do you just show them the video and just like, wait for people to ask, you know, questions and like, a, like, what are some questions that you can think of to ask about this thing
And so you can look at this and you can think like, okay, so you, you just, look, do you just show them the video and just like, wait for people to ask, you know, questions and like, a, like, what are some questions that you can think of to ask about this thing And so like, one question might be like, how long does it take to fill up? And, and so guess as close as you can
And so like, one question might be like, how long does it take to fill up? And, and so guess as close as you can And then like, give you an answer, you know, is too high is really insightful, right? Because they're like, how, but how, like, how do you, if you know it's too high, how do you know that it's too high? And similarly, if like, if you, if you're sure that this is too low, what makes you so sure
And then like, give you an answer, you know, is too high is really insightful, right? Because they're like, how, but how, like, how do you, if you know it's too high, how do you know that it's too high? And similarly, if like, if you, if you're sure that this is too low, what makes you so sure Because having those two like boundaries, like an upper bound and a lower bound, that you're really quite sure are correct helps you to figure out like, okay, if this is true, if, and that is true, then what must be true about the correct answer? And, and so on
Because having those two like boundaries, like an upper bound and a lower bound, that you're really quite sure are correct helps you to figure out like, okay, if this is true, if, and that is true, then what must be true about the correct answer? And, and so on And then, and then figuring out all these, all these other little like bits and pieces, like what information you need to know to solve the problem. And then actually, and then actually solving, you know, the problem eventually. So he calls this three act math
And then, and then figuring out all these, all these other little like bits and pieces, like what information you need to know to solve the problem. And then actually, and then actually solving, you know, the problem eventually. So he calls this three act math And it's just that same thing that we were talking about, like an hour ago, about the discovery method of, of learning, like, posing, like, make getting to the point where people have a question about something, they want, they have a problem they want to solve
And it's just that same thing that we were talking about, like an hour ago, about the discovery method of, of learning, like, posing, like, make getting to the point where people have a question about something, they want, they have a problem they want to solve And they have exhausted the tools in their toolbox. And now they need a new tool. That is the perfect time to teach them the new tool. And the problem in a lot of math education is we teach the tool. And then we like use the tool 50 times
And they have exhausted the tools in their toolbox. And now they need a new tool. That is the perfect time to teach them the new tool. And the problem in a lot of math education is we teach the tool. And then we like use the tool 50 times And then we have two word problems at the end that show a situation in which you could actually use the tool to solve something. So it's backwards. And I think this happens in all kinds of situations besides math education. Yeah, but totally makes sense
And then we have two word problems at the end that show a situation in which you could actually use the tool to solve something. So it's backwards. And I think this happens in all kinds of situations besides math education. Yeah, but totally makes sense And I think that's something that we all kind of struggle with because like if, like what Camino was saying of like, I feel like it like helps like chat GPT helps with like the vocabulary yet you don't really know what the problem is to go solve it
And I think that's something that we all kind of struggle with because like if, like what Camino was saying of like, I feel like it like helps like chat GPT helps with like the vocabulary yet you don't really know what the problem is to go solve it It's kind of like taking, I would say it's like taking your pre aspirin. It's like drinking more water before you take aspirin. I feel like that's what chat GPT does in that situation. Sure. Yeah. That's what I'm going with. That's what I'm going with
It's kind of like taking, I would say it's like taking your pre aspirin. It's like drinking more water before you take aspirin. I feel like that's what chat GPT does in that situation. Sure. Yeah. That's what I'm going with. That's what I'm going with Now, I'm also curious because because everybody is back and totally going to just like switch the conversation to opt to throw up. Oh, yes. So we have I kept a list last or no, not during the last miscellaneous Monday during the Python stream. We have lots of opportunities to go off topic
Now, I'm also curious because because everybody is back and totally going to just like switch the conversation to opt to throw up. Oh, yes. So we have I kept a list last or no, not during the last miscellaneous Monday during the Python stream. We have lots of opportunities to go off topic And we actually created miscellaneous Mondays because we started off trying to just do the Python streams. And we would go off topic and we were just never going to get anywhere fast. And so we I started making a list during our Python stream. I have time
And we actually created miscellaneous Mondays because we started off trying to just do the Python streams. And we would go off topic and we were just never going to get anywhere fast. And so we I started making a list during our Python stream. I have time I have time. Compaired the list of things of rabbit holes. We did not go down so that we could we could move on. We could keep focused sort of on the on the Python stream. We did pretty good. Yeah. We did pretty good. So here we go. Oh, really quick because I just had an idea. Yeah
I have time. Compaired the list of things of rabbit holes. We did not go down so that we could we could move on. We could keep focused sort of on the on the Python stream. We did pretty good. Yeah. We did pretty good. So here we go. Oh, really quick because I just had an idea. Yeah Yeah. Because you're not going to be available on Friday. What is I'm just just going to say, Hey, Jay, I'm going to probably DM you later to see if you're available on Friday for our episode of learning Python because lore is not
Yeah. Because you're not going to be available on Friday. What is I'm just just going to say, Hey, Jay, I'm going to probably DM you later to see if you're available on Friday for our episode of learning Python because lore is not And I've been really, really debating how doing like ask like getting through that chapter is going to yes, yes, yes, Jay, you are. Okay. It's interesting because with Python, I only know a very small amount of people that are Pythoners. Pythonistas. Pythonistas. Yeah
And I've been really, really debating how doing like ask like getting through that chapter is going to yes, yes, yes, Jay, you are. Okay. It's interesting because with Python, I only know a very small amount of people that are Pythoners. Pythonistas. Pythonistas. Yeah Pythonistas. Yeah. I mean, that's the actual like term. I like it. Pythonistas. Yes. I only know a few Pythonistas and Laura, Jay. I mean, I am now going to be watching every once a month for Jay's Python community. So that way I learn even more Pythonistas. And yes, yes, yes. Yay. I'm so excited
Pythonistas. Yeah. I mean, that's the actual like term. I like it. Pythonistas. Yes. I only know a few Pythonistas and Laura, Jay. I mean, I am now going to be watching every once a month for Jay's Python community. So that way I learn even more Pythonistas. And yes, yes, yes. Yay. I'm so excited I'm so excited. Well, I will be able to learn more about Python because a lot of it is just like asking the questions of like, Hey, how does this connect? And yeah. But thank you, Jay. I will follow up with you and but Octo Thrupp. There I think Thorpe. Oh, yeah. I did that last time too
I'm so excited. Well, I will be able to learn more about Python because a lot of it is just like asking the questions of like, Hey, how does this connect? And yeah. But thank you, Jay. I will follow up with you and but Octo Thrupp. There I think Thorpe. Oh, yeah. I did that last time too So what context did that come up in? I don't even remember. Oh, it was we were talking about the different names for the symbol that we have variously known as the hash mark, the number sign, the pound sign, hashtag is also known as an Octo Thrupp
So what context did that come up in? I don't even remember. Oh, it was we were talking about the different names for the symbol that we have variously known as the hash mark, the number sign, the pound sign, hashtag is also known as an Octo Thrupp Apparently from the eight points on its circumference, circumference. I remember that Jay told us about it. And then we went into a whole our deal about how there needs to be a superhero. And that Jay was going to be writing children's Python books. Oh, yeah. Oh, thanks, Marcy
Apparently from the eight points on its circumference, circumference. I remember that Jay told us about it. And then we went into a whole our deal about how there needs to be a superhero. And that Jay was going to be writing children's Python books. Oh, yeah. Oh, thanks, Marcy Oh, thanks, Marcy. Oh, yeah, it was Marcy. Yeah, yeah. So I was trying to think of like the definition that I found said it was an Octo Thrupp because of the eight points on its circumference
Oh, thanks, Marcy. Oh, yeah, it was Marcy. Yeah, yeah. So I was trying to think of like the definition that I found said it was an Octo Thrupp because of the eight points on its circumference And that was making me bristly because I was like, it doesn't have a circumference because it's not a circle. It's linear. It is like so not a circle. And of course, what they mean is like if you were to circumscribe that symbol within a circle, it would touch the circle eight times. Got it
And that was making me bristly because I was like, it doesn't have a circumference because it's not a circle. It's linear. It is like so not a circle. And of course, what they mean is like if you were to circumscribe that symbol within a circle, it would touch the circle eight times. Got it Got it. That's not complicated at all. Because like so it's the it's got you know, two vertical lines, right? Uh-huh. And then the two horizontal lines. Yeah, there are two points at the top. So if you drew a circle around it around the hashtag, let me get my tablet. I'm going to strut. Do it
Got it. That's not complicated at all. Because like so it's the it's got you know, two vertical lines, right? Uh-huh. And then the two horizontal lines. Yeah, there are two points at the top. So if you drew a circle around it around the hashtag, let me get my tablet. I'm going to strut. Do it Do it. And all the Google's keeps just telling me it's the symbol that we call hashtag. It's not really giving me anything more than that. I mean, if you're going to call something Octo something, it had better have an eight somewhere, right? Like those those are the rules
Do it. And all the Google's keeps just telling me it's the symbol that we call hashtag. It's not really giving me anything more than that. I mean, if you're going to call something Octo something, it had better have an eight somewhere, right? Like those those are the rules Um, so let me figure out how to connect here. I'm currently looking up the villains. Oh, wait. Which is just coming up with a lot of really random podcasts. Octo through a precaricor. There's a world of warcrafts. Okay. Try to figure out how to get my tablet in as another screen
Um, so let me figure out how to connect here. I'm currently looking up the villains. Oh, wait. Which is just coming up with a lot of really random podcasts. Octo through a precaricor. There's a world of warcrafts. Okay. Try to figure out how to get my tablet in as another screen I know we solve this once. I just don't remember how I did it. The okay. So Marcy said hashtag, pound sign number sign, tick, tick, toe symbol. Yes. Yeah, that's not going to thore. And then Jay said that the Octo thore is a top down view of an Octopus not cannon
I know we solve this once. I just don't remember how I did it. The okay. So Marcy said hashtag, pound sign number sign, tick, tick, toe symbol. Yes. Yeah, that's not going to thore. And then Jay said that the Octo thore is a top down view of an Octopus not cannon And I looked up that there's a dude on world of warcraft, which this makes me happy. Okay. So how do I? Okay, I can mirror the presenter page now. Can you just show it on the screen? Maybe I'm trying. I'm just trying to show it on the screen. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay
And I looked up that there's a dude on world of warcraft, which this makes me happy. Okay. So how do I? Okay, I can mirror the presenter page now. Can you just show it on the screen? Maybe I'm trying. I'm just trying to show it on the screen. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. You did it. I spent most of the weekend fighting smart home type stuff like lights and so on. So I am really feeling you on the on the tech is our friend and our greatest enemy. So okay. Do you? Let's make that better
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. You did it. I spent most of the weekend fighting smart home type stuff like lights and so on. So I am really feeling you on the on the tech is our friend and our greatest enemy. So okay. Do you? Let's make that better Might your, but just fill it that school. Okay. So here we have, we have our hashtag, right? And if we, you know what, I'm going to make that in a different color. Put a circle
Might your, but just fill it that school. Okay. So here we have, we have our hashtag, right? And if we, you know what, I'm going to make that in a different color. Put a circle Put a circle. We're going to pretend that this is actually a circle around our hashtag and I will extend my, I will draw the lines after that would make more sense. Okay. This is why you hang out with math professors and math teachers. You never know. I'm going to teach you. Okay. Damn. Okay
Put a circle. We're going to pretend that this is actually a circle around our hashtag and I will extend my, I will draw the lines after that would make more sense. Okay. This is why you hang out with math professors and math teachers. You never know. I'm going to teach you. Okay. Damn. Okay Okay. Damn. Okay. I can only. Here we go. Okay. So if we make our lines now, we actually have a circle. Marcy started a hashtag. So we have a hashtag. I'm not saying it's a hashtag. True. True. So we have a, we have our hashtag inside a circle, right? Okay. I'm going to grab another color. Okay
Okay. Damn. Okay. I can only. Here we go. Okay. So if we make our lines now, we actually have a circle. Marcy started a hashtag. So we have a hashtag. I'm not saying it's a hashtag. True. True. So we have a, we have our hashtag inside a circle, right? Okay. I'm going to grab another color. Okay Okay. I'll grab a color. People can actually see. All right. So we hit our, our, we're intersecting this circle. Thank you. I was just about to ask. Can you make it bigger? Yeah. So like right here, this is an intersection of the hashtag with the circle of circumscribing it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay
Okay. I'll grab a color. People can actually see. All right. So we hit our, our, we're intersecting this circle. Thank you. I was just about to ask. Can you make it bigger? Yeah. So like right here, this is an intersection of the hashtag with the circle of circumscribing it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay Yeah. Yeah. Okay. We, we hit it once. Twice. Three times. Four times. Uh, uh, six times seven times. That makes so much more sense because I was like, I was like, but there's nine boxes for TikTok. But there's only eight line interceptions. Intersections. Yeah. Intersections. Yeah. Sorry
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. We, we hit it once. Twice. Three times. Four times. Uh, uh, six times seven times. That makes so much more sense because I was like, I was like, but there's nine boxes for TikTok. But there's only eight line interceptions. Intersections. Yeah. Intersections. Yeah. Sorry Yeah. Sorry. I need to get trained to unlearn being being picky about these things. With varying degrees of success. Okay. Yay. We were able to see it. I'm very excited. Now, can I, yeah. Uh, are you, are you get on that one? Are. Yeah. Okay. I am a satisfied. Are you satisfied? I am satisfied
Yeah. Sorry. I need to get trained to unlearn being being picky about these things. With varying degrees of success. Okay. Yay. We were able to see it. I'm very excited. Now, can I, yeah. Uh, are you, are you get on that one? Are. Yeah. Okay. I am a satisfied. Are you satisfied? I am satisfied If I go learn, I gotta learn so much. Um, but I am going to say before we start wrapping up today, because y'all, I get another meeting at the top of the hour and I need a biobake beforehand. So I think it's like, yeah, Warik, and we end a little early because, you know, life
If I go learn, I gotta learn so much. Um, but I am going to say before we start wrapping up today, because y'all, I get another meeting at the top of the hour and I need a biobake beforehand. So I think it's like, yeah, Warik, and we end a little early because, you know, life Uh, anything else that anyone had questions on before we start wrapping up? Random things to say. Random shout outs. Go follow each other. I love that on miscellaneous Monday, we had a list of how many things
Uh, anything else that anyone had questions on before we start wrapping up? Random things to say. Random shout outs. Go follow each other. I love that on miscellaneous Monday, we had a list of how many things How many things? Uh, one, two, three, four, five things to talk about from the Python stream. And we talked about one, which is greater than zero. Yeah. Yeah. That's what we have missed Mondays for. And I can just, you know, the list. You can add it
How many things? Uh, one, two, three, four, five things to talk about from the Python stream. And we talked about one, which is greater than zero. Yeah. Yeah. That's what we have missed Mondays for. And I can just, you know, the list. You can add it You can add it. I think we can add it to a discussion on the, uh, on the repo. Can you add a discussion to the repo? I think the discussions are a paid feature. Oh, are they? I don't want to pay feature. I don't like paid features. No, I do like paid features. I just don't like paying for them
You can add it. I think we can add it to a discussion on the, uh, on the repo. Can you add a discussion to the repo? I think the discussions are a paid feature. Oh, are they? I don't want to pay feature. I don't like paid features. No, I do like paid features. I just don't like paying for them That is probably the proper way of saying that. We could add it to read me. I mean, we can put a file in there. Yeah. We can't do a discussion. Uh, I hate what I'm about to say so much, but we could have a discord. Okay
That is probably the proper way of saying that. We could add it to read me. I mean, we can put a file in there. Yeah. We can't do a discussion. Uh, I hate what I'm about to say so much, but we could have a discord. Okay Okay. Why don't we do issues? Why don't we do issues? Because then anybody can put them in there. Mm-hmm. And then we can resolve them when we talk about that. And that'll be so satisfying. It will. It will. Okay. So we can just make issues for each one of the questions. Um, okay
Okay. Why don't we do issues? Why don't we do issues? Because then anybody can put them in there. Mm-hmm. And then we can resolve them when we talk about that. And that'll be so satisfying. It will. It will. Okay. So we can just make issues for each one of the questions. Um, okay Um, okay. So if anybody would like to put random things for us to talk about on Mondays, please submit them in the issues. And we will possibly talk about them. Who knows if we'll actually get through them all. We end up going on random tangents. So
Um, okay. So if anybody would like to put random things for us to talk about on Mondays, please submit them in the issues. And we will possibly talk about them. Who knows if we'll actually get through them all. We end up going on random tangents. So So. Oh, can you add me as like a maintainer for this repo? Yeah. Yeah. I do need to do that. Uh, I'll figure that out. Uh, it's under settings. There we go. All right, y'all. Have a beautiful, beautiful Monday. And let me go find somewhere. Yeah. All right. And you enjoy every time on Friday
So. Oh, can you add me as like a maintainer for this repo? Yeah. Yeah. I do need to do that. Uh, I'll figure that out. Uh, it's under settings. There we go. All right, y'all. Have a beautiful, beautiful Monday. And let me go find somewhere. Yeah. All right. And you enjoy every time on Friday You will. Thank you all. Bye. Bye.
You will. Thank you all. Bye. Bye.