Hello, hello beautiful humans. Welcome back to a long waited Jen has a stream to infer ever teach Jen tech about Python and hello Laura. Hello Jen. I'm excited for Python. We haven't done this in yes. Oh gosh. I think it's been almost a month. It's almost been a month, which is crazy For those who don't know and this is a big reason why it's been so long is I started a new job. Yay. I work at a database infrastructure company called Ivan and a few days after I started we had to fly to Finland for our dev rail off site
For those who don't know and this is a big reason why it's been so long is I started a new job. Yay. I work at a database infrastructure company called Ivan and a few days after I started we had to fly to Finland for our dev rail off site And in the process of that I got COVID and pneumonia and was a really hot mess and finally better. And I was like, Oh, I don't really got to stop streaming for some reason. That's what I thought. And they're like, no, Dan, like we want you to stream. Keep doing what you're doing
And in the process of that I got COVID and pneumonia and was a really hot mess and finally better. And I was like, Oh, I don't really got to stop streaming for some reason. That's what I thought. And they're like, no, Dan, like we want you to stream. Keep doing what you're doing And I'm like, oh, okay. So the biggest news on all of that is we will continue streaming. It's just going to be a different time. It's going to be a little later in the day because Ivan is based in Finland. And I need more time in the morning to work with the humans of the company
And I'm like, oh, okay. So the biggest news on all of that is we will continue streaming. It's just going to be a different time. It's going to be a little later in the day because Ivan is based in Finland. And I need more time in the morning to work with the humans of the company So what at least you have where is for anything you want to share? I am learning. Well, I'm going to start using NeoVim as my primary editor for a while. So I am learning all kinds of things
So what at least you have where is for anything you want to share? I am learning. Well, I'm going to start using NeoVim as my primary editor for a while. So I am learning all kinds of things I've already been using Vim key bindings for a while and using Vim in my terminal for some kinds of stuff like editing my, you know, dot my Z shell files, like any dot files or whatever
I've already been using Vim key bindings for a while and using Vim in my terminal for some kinds of stuff like editing my, you know, dot my Z shell files, like any dot files or whatever But yeah, I tried to do some things in VS code and they just weren't working in VS code, but they were working in my terminal, which meant that it's not something that's wrong with like the program, but it's something that's wrong in VS code. I was like, you know what? I get
But yeah, I tried to do some things in VS code and they just weren't working in VS code, but they were working in my terminal, which meant that it's not something that's wrong with like the program, but it's something that's wrong in VS code. I was like, you know what? I get I'm going to give them. And then I was like, if I'm going to do Vim, I need some plugins. And then that kind of sucked. And then it turned out that there's other this fork of them called NeoVim that has a much better plugin ecosystem. It's like, all right. I guess that
I'm going to give them. And then I was like, if I'm going to do Vim, I need some plugins. And then that kind of sucked. And then it turned out that there's other this fork of them called NeoVim that has a much better plugin ecosystem. It's like, all right. I guess that I guess that. And so now I'm down this like rabbit hole series. So it's getting interesting. Yeah. And I'm going to have a, okay
I guess that. And so now I'm down this like rabbit hole series. So it's getting interesting. Yeah. And I'm going to have a, okay And so you know how, like if you're going to start, you want, you want to open up some files with VS code, then in your terminal, you can type like code space dot, like code, open everything in the directory up in code. So you can do that with like Vim and you can do it with NeoVim
And so you know how, like if you're going to start, you want, you want to open up some files with VS code, then in your terminal, you can type like code space dot, like code, open everything in the directory up in code. So you can do that with like Vim and you can do it with NeoVim And the acronym NVim is what you use. So you would type like NVim whatever. Okay. And so I am going to start, I think maybe a blog series or maybe some recordings. And it's going to be called becoming invincible. Oh, I love that. I love that
And the acronym NVim is what you use. So you would type like NVim whatever. Okay. And so I am going to start, I think maybe a blog series or maybe some recordings. And it's going to be called becoming invincible. Oh, I love that. I love that I love that. I mean, eventually I feel like I'll probably ask you more questions about it. But I am that person just so everyone knows I am that person that is like, I got stuck in Vim somehow. I'm just going to close my terminal and restart because I don't have any. We all obviously. So yeah
I love that. I mean, eventually I feel like I'll probably ask you more questions about it. But I am that person just so everyone knows I am that person that is like, I got stuck in Vim somehow. I'm just going to close my terminal and restart because I don't have any. We all obviously. So yeah So yeah. I feel like it's something that is definitely going to be something to go into in the long term. You know, it would be good to know yet on Monday because we all we will still have miss my day with the two of us
So yeah. I feel like it's something that is definitely going to be something to go into in the long term. You know, it would be good to know yet on Monday because we all we will still have miss my day with the two of us I have some things to show Laura and everyone about my, I'm going to be starting a new data infrastructure series. And having guests on about that. And next week is my first guest in that series and is Lucía from Confluent. And we are talking about Kafka. Kafka. Kafka. I don't know. I Kafka. Kafka
I have some things to show Laura and everyone about my, I'm going to be starting a new data infrastructure series. And having guests on about that. And next week is my first guest in that series and is Lucía from Confluent. And we are talking about Kafka. Kafka. Kafka. I don't know. I Kafka. Kafka I Kafka. Kafka. Good. Being client to say Kafka. But I have absolutely no idea if that's correct. Yeah. I've heard, I've heard both. I feel like I've heard both. I don't know. I could be just making it up. I will ask her. But yeah
I Kafka. Kafka. Good. Being client to say Kafka. But I have absolutely no idea if that's correct. Yeah. I've heard, I've heard both. I feel like I've heard both. I don't know. I could be just making it up. I will ask her. But yeah But yeah. So, back to Python, which unsightly dreading because this week's chapter just none of it made sense. And yeah, it's a lot of terminology that I've used. I've used in JavaScript. Like I can visualize a lot of it. But I'm like, it's still not 100% quick
But yeah. So, back to Python, which unsightly dreading because this week's chapter just none of it made sense. And yeah, it's a lot of terminology that I've used. I've used in JavaScript. Like I can visualize a lot of it. But I'm like, it's still not 100% quick So, let's get into I will post chapter three of automate boring stuff. Share my screen because that would be helpful. All right. Oh, and because everyone, and this is something that's from another conversation, but I do want to share, we, I eventually will be using OBS
So, let's get into I will post chapter three of automate boring stuff. Share my screen because that would be helpful. All right. Oh, and because everyone, and this is something that's from another conversation, but I do want to share, we, I eventually will be using OBS This has been a goal for many months. One of my new colleagues is going to help me go through the different scenes I need to create. And kind of, I feel like, I almost feel like I'm being a baby about it because I'm like, this is just taking so much time that I keep avoiding it
This has been a goal for many months. One of my new colleagues is going to help me go through the different scenes I need to create. And kind of, I feel like, I almost feel like I'm being a baby about it because I'm like, this is just taking so much time that I keep avoiding it Like I understand it. But I'm like, I'm just not computing on it. So, I'm very excited for that. We're not going to stream it. It is going to be done behind the scenes. But I'm just excited to be able to tell you that we're going to have OBS at some point. So, OBS is like the VIM of streaming
Like I understand it. But I'm like, I'm just not computing on it. So, I'm very excited for that. We're not going to stream it. It is going to be done behind the scenes. But I'm just excited to be able to tell you that we're going to have OBS at some point. So, OBS is like the VIM of streaming Oh, I think that is, that is a good way of saying it. I will grab just so that way people see it in our chat. That is OBS. And then also, I'll be using a tool called Ping. That is like a stream yard for OBS. Hmm. Someday, I'll probably explain it. For now, I just need to actually get it set up
Oh, I think that is, that is a good way of saying it. I will grab just so that way people see it in our chat. That is OBS. And then also, I'll be using a tool called Ping. That is like a stream yard for OBS. Hmm. Someday, I'll probably explain it. For now, I just need to actually get it set up That is something that along all of this live learning, something that I've learned about live learning. Sometimes I need to learn something offline. Sure. Which I didn't expect. I was like, sometimes I just need no distractions to learn it. Yeah. Yeah. Well, functions is not one of them. Okay
That is something that along all of this live learning, something that I've learned about live learning. Sometimes I need to learn something offline. Sure. Which I didn't expect. I was like, sometimes I just need no distractions to learn it. Yeah. Yeah. Well, functions is not one of them. Okay Okay. So, we are on chapter three of Automate the Boring Stuff. And previously, if I go back, let's actually, we go back to the summary of the last one, just so that way, everyone can scroll some scrolling to the summary. I probably could have done control find
Okay. So, we are on chapter three of Automate the Boring Stuff. And previously, if I go back, let's actually, we go back to the summary of the last one, just so that way, everyone can scroll some scrolling to the summary. I probably could have done control find And that would have probably made this better. But you know what? We are just going to keep scrolling to the bottom. And I will put it in. So, in them, if you press capital G, it takes you to the bottom. Ooh. I'm just going to be making VIM jokes all the time now
And that would have probably made this better. But you know what? We are just going to keep scrolling to the bottom. And I will put it in. So, in them, if you press capital G, it takes you to the bottom. Ooh. I'm just going to be making VIM jokes all the time now I feel like you are, but I'm okay with it. I'm like, oh, and for those who have been following and lo orz in my, uh, taught the extremes. There we go. For a while on the last Miss, Monday, we were talking about COVID and masks and stuff like that. And I heal. It's kind of funny
I feel like you are, but I'm okay with it. I'm like, oh, and for those who have been following and lo orz in my, uh, taught the extremes. There we go. For a while on the last Miss, Monday, we were talking about COVID and masks and stuff like that. And I heal. It's kind of funny It's kind of funny. I don't, not funny, funny, but like, I wouldn't say ironic. It's not the definition of ironic, but it's interesting that I ended up getting COVID. But I think I got it from planes
It's kind of funny. I don't, not funny, funny, but like, I wouldn't say ironic. It's not the definition of ironic, but it's interesting that I ended up getting COVID. But I think I got it from planes And so, one thing that I need to remember is to ask Laura to send me the COVID mask because I feel like personally in my like little progression of thinking about all of this, that I will probably not wear masks like airports and conferences, but on the actual airplane, I am masking up
And so, one thing that I need to remember is to ask Laura to send me the COVID mask because I feel like personally in my like little progression of thinking about all of this, that I will probably not wear masks like airports and conferences, but on the actual airplane, I am masking up I'm not going to eat anything. I am literally just going to mask because it circulates air and people are really, really close to you. Are you interested in hearing some thoughts about that? Of course not. Okay. So, uh, when the plane is actually flying, that's the safest part of your journey
I'm not going to eat anything. I am literally just going to mask because it circulates air and people are really, really close to you. Are you interested in hearing some thoughts about that? Of course not. Okay. So, uh, when the plane is actually flying, that's the safest part of your journey Because they have the filtration going
Because they have the filtration going And so like the aerosols, Dick don't, you can sort of think of it like the aerosols are dincey-dincey that are bubbles, right
And so like the aerosols, Dick don't, you can sort of think of it like the aerosols are dincey-dincey that are bubbles, right And they can't like just hang around in front of your face for you to breathe them in with the filtration going, especially like if you have like the, or AC, like it's blowing, you know, whatever
And they can't like just hang around in front of your face for you to breathe them in with the filtration going, especially like if you have like the, or AC, like it's blowing, you know, whatever So like because there's so much air moving and because the filtration system is filtering the air, that's the safest part. The least safe part is the part where you get on the plane and the filtration system isn't running yet. So people have done it with like CO2 monitors
So like because there's so much air moving and because the filtration system is filtering the air, that's the safest part. The least safe part is the part where you get on the plane and the filtration system isn't running yet. So people have done it with like CO2 monitors And so the time between like when you get on the plane and when you've been in the air for a while, that's the least safe time. I plan on wearing it during that time
And so the time between like when you get on the plane and when you've been in the air for a while, that's the least safe time. I plan on wearing it during that time Like basically like, I'm going to go like hang out and then when they're like, hey come forward, I'm going to be like mask is what the plan was
Like basically like, I'm going to go like hang out and then when they're like, hey come forward, I'm going to be like mask is what the plan was I see that because I am asthmatic and hanging out waiting for COVID to go away in another country without all of my asthma gear is one of the worst experiences I've ever had. It also probably went to pneumonia and what caused it to go to pneumonia
I see that because I am asthmatic and hanging out waiting for COVID to go away in another country without all of my asthma gear is one of the worst experiences I've ever had. It also probably went to pneumonia and what caused it to go to pneumonia And advice for everybody, please go like research a country and what you do for medication and doctor visits and things like that. If it case anything happens, I say that because I should have
And advice for everybody, please go like research a country and what you do for medication and doctor visits and things like that. If it case anything happens, I say that because I should have So you know, it's all less learned in progress, but it is also something that I have found very kind of my new company because I've seen it where people get really mad. Like if you get sick and they make you work anyway, and this company was like, bro, just chill out
So you know, it's all less learned in progress, but it is also something that I have found very kind of my new company because I've seen it where people get really mad. Like if you get sick and they make you work anyway, and this company was like, bro, just chill out Like get better, take care of you. So maybe. And I thought it was really cool. And in case anybody ever questions it, I do not sound like the people that actually talked me. I paraphrase horribly in a really fun way
Like get better, take care of you. So maybe. And I thought it was really cool. And in case anybody ever questions it, I do not sound like the people that actually talked me. I paraphrase horribly in a really fun way So please know that my company did not actually say bro, I would get go with any of the finished humans actually said that to me because they are very proper. At least the ones that place you are. But anyway, I know I know I'm rambling. It's hard not to. Yeah
So please know that my company did not actually say bro, I would get go with any of the finished humans actually said that to me because they are very proper. At least the ones that place you are. But anyway, I know I know I'm rambling. It's hard not to. Yeah Yeah. Because we haven't had a missed Monday and for so long. That's the Python. That's the Python focus on the Python. So this is the summary of the last chapter, which we did with Jay Miller
Yeah. Because we haven't had a missed Monday and for so long. That's the Python. That's the Python focus on the Python. So this is the summary of the last chapter, which we did with Jay Miller And the summary is by using expressions that evaluate true or false, also called conditions, you can write programs that make decisions on what code to execute and what code to skip. You can also execute code over and over again in a loop while certain condition evaluates to true
And the summary is by using expressions that evaluate true or false, also called conditions, you can write programs that make decisions on what code to execute and what code to skip. You can also execute code over and over again in a loop while certain condition evaluates to true The break-in continue statements are useful if you need to exit a loop or jump back to the loop start. These flow control statements will let you write more intelligent programs
The break-in continue statements are useful if you need to exit a loop or jump back to the loop start. These flow control statements will let you write more intelligent programs You can also use another type of flow control by writing your own functions, which will be the topic of the next chapter. And as a reminder for everyone, because I feel like I have to call this out, but I'm also very self-conscious. I am horribly deflected
You can also use another type of flow control by writing your own functions, which will be the topic of the next chapter. And as a reminder for everyone, because I feel like I have to call this out, but I'm also very self-conscious. I am horribly deflected So trying to read out loud, be hard for me. And I appreciate that there has never been shame or meanness from Laura. And I appreciate that. So that's not key. And all right. So that is the summary for last time. Last dream with Jay, which was super fun
So trying to read out loud, be hard for me. And I appreciate that there has never been shame or meanness from Laura. And I appreciate that. So that's not key. And all right. So that is the summary for last time. Last dream with Jay, which was super fun He had us writing a lot of creative projects about eyeglasses and being a glasses store. And it was an extra long stream that was so fun. So now we are on to chapter three, which is functions. And this is not my favorite. Which happens a lot
He had us writing a lot of creative projects about eyeglasses and being a glasses store. And it was an extra long stream that was so fun. So now we are on to chapter three, which is functions. And this is not my favorite. Which happens a lot I feel like when I end up talking to Laura of this isn't my favorite. And then I like it once I understand it
I feel like when I end up talking to Laura of this isn't my favorite. And then I like it once I understand it It's a total thing, right? I mean not like a a me specific thing, but like it's a human thing to feel like animosity a bit towards stuff that you've like tried to understand and you don't understand
It's a total thing, right? I mean not like a a me specific thing, but like it's a human thing to feel like animosity a bit towards stuff that you've like tried to understand and you don't understand If there's a little bit of like a little fuck you very much then feeling, you know, like the brain is doing that. But then if you can get past that and be like, no, it's okay
If there's a little bit of like a little fuck you very much then feeling, you know, like the brain is doing that. But then if you can get past that and be like, no, it's okay We are not under threat by the fact that we don't know this thing because it's your meadalites, like your stress response, because we've got these brains that evolved a very long time before functions and Python
We are not under threat by the fact that we don't know this thing because it's your meadalites, like your stress response, because we've got these brains that evolved a very long time before functions and Python Right? And so if we feel like we don't understand like, know what's going on, then maybe it's like our brain is like, if we don't know what's going on, then maybe there's actually a lion behind that tree and a bug die
Right? And so if we feel like we don't understand like, know what's going on, then maybe it's like our brain is like, if we don't know what's going on, then maybe there's actually a lion behind that tree and a bug die You know, and note for this for everyone that might be joining for the first time or need a quick reminder, Laura used to be a math professor. Oh yeah. So it's really amazing in the fact that it helps with that she has a teaching background
You know, and note for this for everyone that might be joining for the first time or need a quick reminder, Laura used to be a math professor. Oh yeah. So it's really amazing in the fact that it helps with that she has a teaching background But then also something that I've learned while working with Laura is my own way of learning things and how to work through them. Because y'all, I passed high school, which is around the age of 18. So all of my my grades going up a a GPA like a good GPA, a grade point average is a 4
But then also something that I've learned while working with Laura is my own way of learning things and how to work through them. Because y'all, I passed high school, which is around the age of 18. So all of my my grades going up a a GPA like a good GPA, a grade point average is a 40 or sometimes you can get higher with extra credit. So I had a GPA when I graduated of a 1.6. I passed with these. And I still got a degree. I got my high school diploma. I say all of that because a lot of it, I didn't know how to study or how to work through a lot of it
0 or sometimes you can get higher with extra credit. So I had a GPA when I graduated of a 1.6. I passed with these. And I still got a degree. I got my high school diploma. I say all of that because a lot of it, I didn't know how to study or how to work through a lot of it And also I didn't realize I was ADHD or dyslexic or any of that and had a lot of trauma going on at home. Which all goes into learning. So back story on that. But thank you. Yes, because I would love to just close this book and forget about learning Python. But I'm really excited to learn Python
And also I didn't realize I was ADHD or dyslexic or any of that and had a lot of trauma going on at home. Which all goes into learning. So back story on that. But thank you. Yes, because I would love to just close this book and forget about learning Python. But I'm really excited to learn Python And Laura and Jay and so many others that we adore. Keep me going. So I don't quit learning this and y'all don't quit learning this. Functions. Yeah. Okay. So, um, have you, because I know you have more experience in drop script. Mm-hmm. Have you worked with functions in JavaScript? Yes
And Laura and Jay and so many others that we adore. Keep me going. So I don't quit learning this and y'all don't quit learning this. Functions. Yeah. Okay. So, um, have you, because I know you have more experience in drop script. Mm-hmm. Have you worked with functions in JavaScript? Yes In the fact that this is good knowledge for everybody too of I have worked with a ton of JavaScript, typescript, um, a lot of CSS, like tailwinds. I've worked with a lot of this, figuring out how to get it to do what I want it to do. Doesn't mean I know what it was called. Sure
In the fact that this is good knowledge for everybody too of I have worked with a ton of JavaScript, typescript, um, a lot of CSS, like tailwinds. I've worked with a lot of this, figuring out how to get it to do what I want it to do. Doesn't mean I know what it was called. Sure Sure. So like I worked with functions. I know they exist. Yeah. But if I were to look at some code, I wouldn't be able to tell you that is a function. Okay. Yep. Yeah. Okay. Cool. Um, okay. So how do you, because this is your learning journey, how do you want to start today? Okay
Sure. So like I worked with functions. I know they exist. Yeah. But if I were to look at some code, I wouldn't be able to tell you that is a function. Okay. Yep. Yeah. Okay. Cool. Um, okay. So how do you, because this is your learning journey, how do you want to start today? Okay I would say first off by, I'm going to scroll down a little bit, uh, yes. In the last chapter, we totally went through print input and Len. And that was helpful. Like we went through all of that. And then it says, a function is a mini program within a function. And I'm like, program. Yes
I would say first off by, I'm going to scroll down a little bit, uh, yes. In the last chapter, we totally went through print input and Len. And that was helpful. Like we went through all of that. And then it says, a function is a mini program within a function. And I'm like, program. Yes Yes. A function is a mini program within a program. And I'm like, uh, okay. So don't worry about that. Well, okay. We'll revisit that. Okay. Um, do we have an example here of a function? If we scroll down, this one's a function. It's too small
Yes. A function is a mini program within a program. And I'm like, uh, okay. So don't worry about that. Well, okay. We'll revisit that. Okay. Um, do we have an example here of a function? If we scroll down, this one's a function. It's too small It's too small. I feel like it's too small to understand what's going on. Um, for, for understanding like what a function is potentially. Um, I, I'm going to see you going to go into that statement. Yeah. Let's start here. Okay. Okay. So let's, let's type this in, um, let's do a Jupyter notebook
It's too small. I feel like it's too small to understand what's going on. Um, for, for understanding like what a function is potentially. Um, I, I'm going to see you going to go into that statement. Yeah. Let's start here. Okay. Okay. So let's, let's type this in, um, let's do a Jupyter notebook Okay. What is, and we were talking about this a little beforehand. So I would love to hear your definitions of, I'm in VS code. I'm going to new file. And then we have a Python file and Jupyter notebook
Okay. What is, and we were talking about this a little beforehand. So I would love to hear your definitions of, I'm in VS code. I'm going to new file. And then we have a Python file and Jupyter notebook Jay told us a little bit about his use on this too, but I'm curious what your views are and why we might use one over the other. So, um, in production, I think that this is maybe slightly changing, but that's a very, very new thing
Jay told us a little bit about his use on this too, but I'm curious what your views are and why we might use one over the other. So, um, in production, I think that this is maybe slightly changing, but that's a very, very new thing So we're just going to say, usually in production, um, you would just be running a Python file. Um, a notebook is like, let's, let's get one open. Oh, okay
So we're just going to say, usually in production, um, you would just be running a Python file. Um, a notebook is like, let's, let's get one open. Oh, okay Oh, okay. Let's, we could even do, well, I guess we could do both so that you could see the difference because I can describe the difference, but that's not as good as seeing the difference. I got a notebook on the beach. And I will do a new file and we're going to do a new Python file. All right
Oh, okay. Let's, we could even do, well, I guess we could do both so that you could see the difference because I can describe the difference, but that's not as good as seeing the difference. I got a notebook on the beach. And I will do a new file and we're going to do a new Python file. All right All right. Okay. And we can close this just so we have more area. Yeah. I can switch back and forth up here. In fact, you can show both of them. Oh, yes. Is that one? No. Um, if you, yeah, if you, yes, split right and then close the first one, the one on the left. Yeah. There you go. Okay
All right. Okay. And we can close this just so we have more area. Yeah. I can switch back and forth up here. In fact, you can show both of them. Oh, yes. Is that one? No. Um, if you, yeah, if you, yes, split right and then close the first one, the one on the left. Yeah. There you go. Okay There you go. Okay. So grab that code. And I think it's great that you can't actually just copy and paste it because then you can, um, I could copy and paste it. Okay. Okay. Because then we can talk about it. There we go. Okay
There you go. Okay. So grab that code. And I think it's great that you can't actually just copy and paste it because then you can, um, I could copy and paste it. Okay. Okay. Because then we can talk about it. There we go. Okay There we go. Okay. Oh, I got to move my book because I'm still using figuring out my whole desk setup when I actually need to type. Uh, hello. Yeah. Sorry. It is. All right. It has been tight. All right. Let's work just in the notebook at the moment
There we go. Okay. Oh, I got to move my book because I'm still using figuring out my whole desk setup when I actually need to type. Uh, hello. Yeah. Sorry. It is. All right. It has been tight. All right. Let's work just in the notebook at the moment And once you're feeling good about this block, then we'll see the difference between, actually, we need to have more than one block to see the difference between a notebook and just a Python file. Oh, perfect. Okay. So great. So we will revisit. We'll come back to the Python file itself in a bit
And once you're feeling good about this block, then we'll see the difference between, actually, we need to have more than one block to see the difference between a notebook and just a Python file. Oh, perfect. Okay. So great. So we will revisit. We'll come back to the Python file itself in a bit Okay. So that death. What do you think that stands for? It's the finding. Yeah. We are defining a function. And that function is called hello. And that that in that name is in parentheses. What do you feel is about your sense of what that is? A variable. Sure. Yeah
Okay. So that death. What do you think that stands for? It's the finding. Yeah. We are defining a function. And that function is called hello. And that that in that name is in parentheses. What do you feel is about your sense of what that is? A variable. Sure. Yeah Sure. Yeah. And when we pass a variable to a function, it's called a parameter or an argument. I'm going to say an argument. I don't remember a parameter, but I remember argument. Sure. Cool. Yay. Okay. And so we're saying, hey, we're going to make this function. It's going to be called hello
Sure. Yeah. And when we pass a variable to a function, it's called a parameter or an argument. I'm going to say an argument. I don't remember a parameter, but I remember argument. Sure. Cool. Yay. Okay. And so we're saying, hey, we're going to make this function. It's going to be called hello And what we're going to give to hello as like an input is going to be this thing called name. Okay. And then on the next line down, we're going to the function is going to print hello and then add, it's going to append the name at the end of that string
And what we're going to give to hello as like an input is going to be this thing called name. Okay. And then on the next line down, we're going to the function is going to print hello and then add, it's going to append the name at the end of that string So it's going to print hello and then the name as well, right? Yeah. So let's run this. I'm doing it. So for those who maybe like Jen, what are you doing? I am
So it's going to print hello and then the name as well, right? Yeah. So let's run this. I'm doing it. So for those who maybe like Jen, what are you doing? I am So up here, if I go just like really briefly trying to put two and two together, basically the first function is saying it did, like define hello and then print these three. So I gave it three different options. And so I printed it three times because it had three hello
So up here, if I go just like really briefly trying to put two and two together, basically the first function is saying it did, like define hello and then print these three. So I gave it three different options. And so I printed it three times because it had three hello And what I'm trying to see is just like, if I do this, is it going to do instead of just hello, Bob and Alice? Is it going to do hello, Bob, Alice, Laura, and Jay? Okay. Yeah. So. And C.B. C.B. What up, Chrissy? Alice. Hello
And what I'm trying to see is just like, if I do this, is it going to do instead of just hello, Bob and Alice? Is it going to do hello, Bob, Alice, Laura, and Jay? Okay. Yeah. So. And C.B. C.B. What up, Chrissy? Alice. Hello Hello. Alice, I hope so because if there's somebody else with this name, I'm going to be really confused because she's the one who posts about badass women in tech and she is one as well. And she has a lot of really good content. Alice Chrissy does a C.B. C.B
Hello. Alice, I hope so because if there's somebody else with this name, I'm going to be really confused because she's the one who posts about badass women in tech and she is one as well. And she has a lot of really good content. Alice Chrissy does a C.B. C.BB. C.B. to, if you're not Chrissy, then I'm really sorry that I'm not putting two and two together. You can tell me I'm being me. It's fine. But, anyway. So. Yeah. Right. Okay. So. And then let's just run this. Let me make it figure. I just realized that I hate it when they're really small for me
B. C.B. to, if you're not Chrissy, then I'm really sorry that I'm not putting two and two together. You can tell me I'm being me. It's fine. But, anyway. So. Yeah. Right. Okay. So. And then let's just run this. Let me make it figure. I just realized that I hate it when they're really small for me And it doesn't always look small for streamers. Right. Oh, I thought I already installed it. Okay. Well, let's see if we can install this really quick. And yeah, it is Chrissy. Yay. Hello. See, I'm going to you while this is installing distract myself with some Twitter. And go. I know
And it doesn't always look small for streamers. Right. Oh, I thought I already installed it. Okay. Well, let's see if we can install this really quick. And yeah, it is Chrissy. Yay. Hello. See, I'm going to you while this is installing distract myself with some Twitter. And go. I know And go. I know. Oh, go ahead. I posted on Mastron and tagged you. Oh, yay. I'm going to use the same thing. This is Chrissy's information. Do you see all the dope stuff she's doing? Nice. I just wanted to put that really quick. Yay. And it printed them all
And go. I know. Oh, go ahead. I posted on Mastron and tagged you. Oh, yay. I'm going to use the same thing. This is Chrissy's information. Do you see all the dope stuff she's doing? Nice. I just wanted to put that really quick. Yay. And it printed them all So out of curiosity, if I do this line again. Of the same thing. Maybe I'll put by just that way. Or you'll know it if we get somebody. Or some people.ifi. All right, I took that message
So out of curiosity, if I do this line again. Of the same thing. Maybe I'll put by just that way. Or you'll know it if we get somebody. Or some people.ifi. All right, I took that message And I like to tell you that I don't know the first comment, but it's like I didn't knowő who? Like, you see cuarto, look and I'm. Oh, and then feelings ourselves. You know, blame. They're wrong. I don't know what they're real afraid. Actually, for example. When they call me
And I like to tell you that I don't know the first comment, but it's like I didn't knowő who? Like, you see cuarto, look and I'm. Oh, and then feelings ourselves. You know, blame. They're wrong. I don't know what they're real afraid. Actually, for example. When they call me When they call me. And if I tell you anythingond, plante 눕いな or else it's a bit dark. Okay. That's to happy. Okay, okay, okay. So how to think about this
When they call me. And if I tell you anythingond, plante 눕いな or else it's a bit dark. Okay. That's to happy. Okay, okay, okay. So how to think about this So you called first, you called hello and you gave it the string Alice, right? And so what it's going to do is it's going to say, okay, I take Alice and what I do first is I print hello Alice. And then the next thing that I do, I, the function, hello, the next thing that I do is I print by Alice
So you called first, you called hello and you gave it the string Alice, right? And so what it's going to do is it's going to say, okay, I take Alice and what I do first is I print hello Alice. And then the next thing that I do, I, the function, hello, the next thing that I do is I print by Alice So I'm going through my whole function. And then on the, and then I'm done. So now I can go to the next line down, which is hello Bob. And so what do I do with Bob? I say hello Bob. And then I say bye Bob. Now I'm done with that line. Now I can go to the next one. I print hello Laura by Laura
So I'm going through my whole function. And then on the, and then I'm done. So now I can go to the next line down, which is hello Bob. And so what do I do with Bob? I say hello Bob. And then I say bye Bob. Now I'm done with that line. Now I can go to the next one. I print hello Laura by Laura So if you wanted it to to group all the hello's and the, the buys, you would need to have two functions. You could have a function and a buy function. It does go through that later on a bit. But something that I think might be something that other newbies might relate to is the fact
So if you wanted it to to group all the hello's and the, the buys, you would need to have two functions. You could have a function and a buy function. It does go through that later on a bit. But something that I think might be something that other newbies might relate to is the fact So getting, I'm going to just say this box functioning or working, I want to even say function yet, being able to do whatever that needs to do, I could do that. Like I'm like, okay, cool, like this really makes sense
So getting, I'm going to just say this box functioning or working, I want to even say function yet, being able to do whatever that needs to do, I could do that. Like I'm like, okay, cool, like this really makes sense I'll play around with it until I enough to like get it to do what I want it to do. But if somebody asked me if I knew what function was, no, because I didn't learn it with what it was, I could just make it work. Sure. Yeah, okay. So
I'll play around with it until I enough to like get it to do what I want it to do. But if somebody asked me if I knew what function was, no, because I didn't learn it with what it was, I could just make it work. Sure. Yeah, okay. So Yeah, okay. So. Can we? Can we? VS code has like code spaces, right? Because I was just thinking like it would be great if I could type in this thing right now. Oh, yeah. Like I can live share with you. Okay. I'm going to go off screen for a second because, oh, that's fine
Yeah, okay. So. Can we? Can we? VS code has like code spaces, right? Because I was just thinking like it would be great if I could type in this thing right now. Oh, yeah. Like I can live share with you. Okay. I'm going to go off screen for a second because, oh, that's fine Because I don't need everybody to join us because that could be kind of awkward if there's a ton of us in the same area. So it is signing in right now. And then I will send you the link for a read. Maybe, maybe I will find out. Maybe, maybe, maybe. Oh, I didn't click the thing above it
Because I don't need everybody to join us because that could be kind of awkward if there's a ton of us in the same area. So it is signing in right now. And then I will send you the link for a read. Maybe, maybe I will find out. Maybe, maybe, maybe. Oh, I didn't click the thing above it That would help. Okay. Okay. I haven't actually done this before. So I have to install the extension, which is pretty cool. So one of the several on my team, Sabi just made an extension for the product on the VSCode extension. I don't know just thought that was so cool
That would help. Okay. Okay. I haven't actually done this before. So I have to install the extension, which is pretty cool. So one of the several on my team, Sabi just made an extension for the product on the VSCode extension. I don't know just thought that was so cool I was like, these are like you can do so much with open source. So let's see, I clicked the link and it asked me if I wanted to open in VSCode and I said, I'm going to do a little bit of it. I'm going to do a little bit of it. But it just, oh, there it is
I was like, these are like you can do so much with open source. So let's see, I clicked the link and it asked me if I wanted to open in VSCode and I said, I'm going to do a little bit of it. I'm going to do a little bit of it. But it just, oh, there it is Can you see the things and stuff? Maybe it's thinking joining collaborative session. It says, oh, I can see you now. Laura is on Twitter, but mostly mastered on. Like, Laura, do you even reply on your Twitter? I check it once in a while, but I mostly am not. I'm trying to see. Sorry, your website
Can you see the things and stuff? Maybe it's thinking joining collaborative session. It says, oh, I can see you now. Laura is on Twitter, but mostly mastered on. Like, Laura, do you even reply on your Twitter? I check it once in a while, but I mostly am not. I'm trying to see. Sorry, your website You can't concentrate on that. Your website and all your links, right? It does. Yep. There we go. Good call out, Chris. Chris, I appreciate that. I've just signed in. Oh, I know. I love how and Chris, I feel like the union come on the show sometimes too
You can't concentrate on that. Your website and all your links, right? It does. Yep. There we go. Good call out, Chris. Chris, I appreciate that. I've just signed in. Oh, I know. I love how and Chris, I feel like the union come on the show sometimes too Of Chris, he has talked about like, she does, I feel like it's really good. I don't know if it's marketing is the right way of saying it. But like, while she's like promoting other people, she mentions like what she's working on too
Of Chris, he has talked about like, she does, I feel like it's really good. I don't know if it's marketing is the right way of saying it. But like, while she's like promoting other people, she mentions like what she's working on too So people like, if I repose something that she posted about me, people can see how to get in contact with her. I was like, dude, that's genius. Nice. I wish I thought of that back in the day. Okay. So you can see me. Can you did you say? Yeah
So people like, if I repose something that she posted about me, people can see how to get in contact with her. I was like, dude, that's genius. Nice. I wish I thought of that back in the day. Okay. So you can see me. Can you did you say? Yeah Oh, can you reshare your screens? I can see what you're seeing. Yes. Give me the second. It's not. Because I can like under under live workspace, live share workspace. I don't actually see any files. Oh. Well, it says you're not currently editing your documents, but you're in the participation
Oh, can you reshare your screens? I can see what you're seeing. Yes. Give me the second. It's not. Because I can like under under live workspace, live share workspace. I don't actually see any files. Oh. Well, it says you're not currently editing your documents, but you're in the participation Weird. Can you click me to say follow? I don't see anything like that. Oh. Oh, no, I don't want to email you like that. Live share workspace. Yes. It's good. Oh, okay. I have to trust this workspace. Maybe that's going to give me what I need. Sure. Okay. Why is this not? I don't know
Weird. Can you click me to say follow? I don't see anything like that. Oh. Oh, no, I don't want to email you like that. Live share workspace. Yes. It's good. Oh, okay. I have to trust this workspace. Maybe that's going to give me what I need. Sure. Okay. Why is this not? I don't know One more time. See it will say that you joined. Uh-huh. I don't know. Because yeah, I see nothing. Okay. Well, we'll fix this out. Oh, I've been removed. Yeah, I tried to kick you out just to see if you can reach join in. Yeah. Because it had you in multiple times. Maybe that will be it. Yay
One more time. See it will say that you joined. Uh-huh. I don't know. Because yeah, I see nothing. Okay. Well, we'll fix this out. Oh, I've been removed. Yeah, I tried to kick you out just to see if you can reach join in. Yeah. Because it had you in multiple times. Maybe that will be it. Yay Yay. For a single. I'm trying to link in. The link in and stuff. Oh, thank you. Now. Okay. Well, we should we should figure that out sometime. We'll do it. Okay. That is fine. We also. Yeah. Oh, yay. And hash node. Yay. Um. I have no idea
Yay. For a single. I'm trying to link in. The link in and stuff. Oh, thank you. Now. Okay. Well, we should we should figure that out sometime. We'll do it. Okay. That is fine. We also. Yeah. Oh, yay. And hash node. Yay. Um. I have no idea Um. I have no idea. Well, anyway, so what I was going to do was say, like, I think that part of what's hard to understand. Maybe about. Not that it's hard to understand about functions, but that. And that's when we're teaching, we try to like break things down into like the smallest unit possible
Um. I have no idea. Well, anyway, so what I was going to do was say, like, I think that part of what's hard to understand. Maybe about. Not that it's hard to understand about functions, but that. And that's when we're teaching, we try to like break things down into like the smallest unit possible But sometimes like if you, if you're seeing it out of context, it doesn't totally make sense. Like what it's doing. So like, when. Yeah. When it said a function is like a mini program within a program. Uh-huh. All that this program is right now is one function
But sometimes like if you, if you're seeing it out of context, it doesn't totally make sense. Like what it's doing. So like, when. Yeah. When it said a function is like a mini program within a program. Uh-huh. All that this program is right now is one function And so it's hard to see like the mini program miss. Or is it. It's not existing in a bigger in a larger program. That's really starting to make sense. If that makes sense. Okay. Yeah. So, um. Let's let's grab. Let's put in another block into our Jupiter notebook
And so it's hard to see like the mini program miss. Or is it. It's not existing in a bigger in a larger program. That's really starting to make sense. If that makes sense. Okay. Yeah. So, um. Let's let's grab. Let's put in another block into our Jupiter notebook I'm only trying to click on things like that's a real thing. Okay. And then let's put it above the. I think you can just drag it. Yeah. I think so. Drag. Go above. Go all the way up here. Yay. So all the way to the top. Yeah. Okay. Cool. So, um, oh. Okay
I'm only trying to click on things like that's a real thing. Okay. And then let's put it above the. I think you can just drag it. Yeah. I think so. Drag. Go above. Go all the way up here. Yay. So all the way to the top. Yeah. Okay. Cool. So, um, oh. Okay So, um, oh. Okay. I officially think that we'll be better off in the Python file for this. Because I think it'll make it a little bit clearer how the function fits within the larger program. If they're not visually separate blocks. All right. And let's pop over. Just copy and paste that code. Um
So, um, oh. Okay. I officially think that we'll be better off in the Python file for this. Because I think it'll make it a little bit clearer how the function fits within the larger program. If they're not visually separate blocks. All right. And let's pop over. Just copy and paste that code. Um Um. Happy. Nice. Just. Close this for now. I just actually just. I don't want you to close close. Whatever. It's good. Yeah. You can just make it all the way smaller. Whatever. Um. Okay. So. Um, okay. So, um. Right. So now above line one. Let's get some more
Um. Happy. Nice. Just. Close this for now. I just actually just. I don't want you to close close. Whatever. It's good. Yeah. You can just make it all the way smaller. Whatever. Um. Okay. So. Um, okay. So, um. Right. So now above line one. Let's get some more Let's get some more lines above line one. Okay. So now let's. Let's print something like. Okay. Welcome to. Teach. Contact. Okay. Cool. And then. Okay. You know what? Just just for the sake of. Well, never mind. Never mind. Teach one thing at a time. Learn one thing. Okay. So. On line. Three. Um
Let's get some more lines above line one. Okay. So now let's. Let's print something like. Okay. Welcome to. Teach. Contact. Okay. Cool. And then. Okay. You know what? Just just for the sake of. Well, never mind. Never mind. Teach one thing at a time. Learn one thing. Okay. So. On line. Three. Um On line. Three. Um. Let's print. Um. What's your name? Um. Or no. Let's. Let's. Let's make a new function. So let's type define. D. F. Uh. Space and like. Get name. We can make this function be called get name. Um. And then a colon after the. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then
On line. Three. Um. Let's print. Um. What's your name? Um. Or no. Let's. Let's. Let's make a new function. So let's type define. D. F. Uh. Space and like. Get name. We can make this function be called get name. Um. And then a colon after the. And then. And then. And then. And then. And then And then. And then. And then. And then. And. And. And. And. And. So. In. Um. Some languages. You have to put. Semicolens at the ends of all of your lines. So that the. Computer can understand like where. You can understand. The things that religion can be done
And then. And then. And then. And then. And. And. And. And. And. So. In. Um. Some languages. You have to put. Semicolens at the ends of all of your lines. So that the. Computer can understand like where. You can understand. The things that religion can be done So it can be done by all of things relate to each other. And you have to like put braces inside of things and so on. So. Um, python. You don't have to do the semicolens and you don't have to do. Um. The braces most of the time. Because it relies upon white space. So. Okay. You do have to do
So it can be done by all of things relate to each other. And you have to like put braces inside of things and so on. So. Um, python. You don't have to do the semicolens and you don't have to do. Um. The braces most of the time. Because it relies upon white space. So. Okay. You do have to do You do have to do. The indentation. Okay. that don't match, but we can get to that later. So in get name, let's put, we're going to use a function called input, which we have used before. And we're going to give it a, let's see, we are going to assign input to who, let's just use name
You do have to do. The indentation. Okay. that don't match, but we can get to that later. So in get name, let's put, we're going to use a function called input, which we have used before. And we're going to give it a, let's see, we are going to assign input to who, let's just use name So that would be using name as an argument to input. What we want instead is to put name equals input. Oh, okay. Name equals input. And input does need the, um, perns on the end. Okay. So let's comment out the, hello, everything from line six down. Let's just comment that out
So that would be using name as an argument to input. What we want instead is to put name equals input. Oh, okay. Name equals input. And input does need the, um, perns on the end. Okay. So let's comment out the, hello, everything from line six down. Let's just comment that out And in case anybody wants to know a really easy way of commenting out, at least on Mac, it is command this. I don't even know what this is. To comment out many lines. That's not a Mac thing. It's an ID thing
And in case anybody wants to know a really easy way of commenting out, at least on Mac, it is command this. I don't even know what this is. To comment out many lines. That's not a Mac thing. It's an ID thing It's an ID thing. So VS code is what's doing that for you, but most IDs, at least the IDs that I've played with have all done that. So let's run this program and see how we, how we're doing so far. Not going to lie on this one. I don't remember how to run it. So go up to the top bar
It's an ID thing. So VS code is what's doing that for you, but most IDs, at least the IDs that I've played with have all done that. So let's run this program and see how we, how we're doing so far. Not going to lie on this one. I don't remember how to run it. So go up to the top bar And top, top, top, and there's one that says run. Oh, yes. Okay. Let's run it again. Yeah. And it wants a name for this. Okay. So it printed welcome to teach Gentech learning Python. Because that's what we have on our first line. And so far that that get name function doesn't have any output
And top, top, top, and there's one that says run. Oh, yes. Okay. Let's run it again. Yeah. And it wants a name for this. Okay. So it printed welcome to teach Gentech learning Python. Because that's what we have on our first line. And so far that that get name function doesn't have any output It literally only has an input. Right. Yeah. So it hasn't done anything yet. So what we could do is print above line four. We can get another line in front of line four. Print. What's your name? I think it's my name. That's much better. Why I don't get why you can't use proper grammar. Okay
It literally only has an input. Right. Yeah. So it hasn't done anything yet. So what we could do is print above line four. We can get another line in front of line four. Print. What's your name? I think it's my name. That's much better. Why I don't get why you can't use proper grammar. Okay Okay. So you can hang on. Okay. I'm just going to bust the end just like it is there we go. Okay. Okay. And after the quotation mark you have a single quote. Yes. Make those double quotes. Oh. Okay. And now you can put an apostrophe before the S. Yeah
Okay. So you can hang on. Okay. I'm just going to bust the end just like it is there we go. Okay. Okay. And after the quotation mark you have a single quote. Yes. Make those double quotes. Oh. Okay. And now you can put an apostrophe before the S. Yeah Yeah. Because what was happening before was you had a single quote in front of the hay. And then a single quote because single quote in apostrophe are the same keystroke. Right. And so it doesn't know the difference
Yeah. Because what was happening before was you had a single quote in front of the hay. And then a single quote because single quote in apostrophe are the same keystroke. Right. And so it doesn't know the difference So it was like, okay, you want to start this string with hay and you want to end it with what? Because that's where you closed it. Makes sense? Yeah. Yep. So single quotes do work for strings in Python
So it was like, okay, you want to start this string with hay and you want to end it with what? Because that's where you closed it. Makes sense? Yeah. Yep. So single quotes do work for strings in Python But if you're going to want to use apostrophes, you're going to have to use double quotes on the end. Or like on the two ends. Okay. So what does this do? It will give us a space to input earning. Let's run it. The lack of repo
But if you're going to want to use apostrophes, you're going to have to use double quotes on the end. Or like on the two ends. Okay. So what does this do? It will give us a space to input earning. Let's run it. The lack of repo The lack of repo. Chrisie just said, don't get me started on the lack of that in repo docs. Oh, for commenting out like, yeah. I bet I'm guessing at least. Yeah. I could see that. Okay. We're going to be in this one. And now we're going to hit run
The lack of repo. Chrisie just said, don't get me started on the lack of that in repo docs. Oh, for commenting out like, yeah. I bet I'm guessing at least. Yeah. I could see that. Okay. We're going to be in this one. And now we're going to hit run And it wants us to enter something, but it's not showing my print. Why are you not showing my print? Let's say. Okay. Comment out the name equals input line. And let's just run it without that and see. What we have. And that's out is like my favorite thing in the world
And it wants us to enter something, but it's not showing my print. Why are you not showing my print? Let's say. Okay. Comment out the name equals input line. And let's just run it without that and see. What we have. And that's out is like my favorite thing in the world Oh, what are you doing? Oh, you're in your terminal. Go to output instead. Okay. And so it can't find. Oh, this is an ex-code thing. There is like the fun of streaming with me is like, it doesn't matter what computer I'm on. I like to find this kind of stuff. It's a magic. Okay. Okay. Okay
Oh, what are you doing? Oh, you're in your terminal. Go to output instead. Okay. And so it can't find. Oh, this is an ex-code thing. There is like the fun of streaming with me is like, it doesn't matter what computer I'm on. I like to find this kind of stuff. It's a magic. Okay. Okay. Okay Okay. Okay. Okay. So well, we haven't called it. So that is expected. This is why I wish I could be typing with you right now. Okay. So let's. Let's call the function. So below on like line six gets some more new lines. And, and let's call our get name function. So get name
Okay. Okay. Okay. So well, we haven't called it. So that is expected. This is why I wish I could be typing with you right now. Okay. So let's. Let's call the function. So below on like line six gets some more new lines. And, and let's call our get name function. So get name So get name. And then I'm looking at what we have down here. And then we're going to do. East. And then I don't know after that. Like a. What I just put a comma after this one. Did you say a comma? Yeah. What is pinning for you that you feel like you might need a comma? Oh, just kidding
So get name. And then I'm looking at what we have down here. And then we're going to do. East. And then I don't know after that. Like a. What I just put a comma after this one. Did you say a comma? Yeah. What is pinning for you that you feel like you might need a comma? Oh, just kidding I thought I saw one down here. Okay. And then what I just say get name is name. So if you look at our get name function definition. Do we say that we're going to need any arguments? And argument means that it is. I feel like I know this backwards, but not this context
I thought I saw one down here. Okay. And then what I just say get name is name. So if you look at our get name function definition. Do we say that we're going to need any arguments? And argument means that it is. I feel like I know this backwards, but not this context And that's where we look to see if get name needs any arguments. In here because that's where we got get me. So, so forget because like, argument always makes me think of like the word argument like an English not in Cody. But I got it earlier, which is the frustrating part
And that's where we look to see if get name needs any arguments. In here because that's where we got get me. So, so forget because like, argument always makes me think of like the word argument like an English not in Cody. But I got it earlier, which is the frustrating part Would we need to say input? So scroll back down to the other the hello function. Okay. Scroll back up a little bit. So looking at line nine. Okay. There is an argument online nine. Where is it? Or what is it rather? It has name. Name is the argument. It's inside the parentheses
Would we need to say input? So scroll back down to the other the hello function. Okay. Scroll back up a little bit. So looking at line nine. Okay. There is an argument online nine. Where is it? Or what is it rather? It has name. Name is the argument. It's inside the parentheses There are no arguments inside the parentheses of get name online three. So that would be if we're going to like try to make a function. So look at stop scrolling for a second. Look at line three. Get name has no arguments. There we go
There are no arguments inside the parentheses of get name online three. So that would be if we're going to like try to make a function. So look at stop scrolling for a second. Look at line three. Get name has no arguments. There we go There we go. And we don't need the colon because we're not defining a function. We're using a function. Okay. Okay. So let's run this. See if we can get around the X code problem. Okay. And now we can input. Oh. Okay. Okay. So that is that function so far is printing. Hey, beautiful human
There we go. And we don't need the colon because we're not defining a function. We're using a function. Okay. Okay. So let's run this. See if we can get around the X code problem. Okay. And now we can input. Oh. Okay. Okay. So that is that function so far is printing. Hey, beautiful human What's your name? And then it's getting the input. So we want to return the name. So we want to return the name. This so the get name function has. Has an input functions don't have to have an output. But we want this function to have an output because we want it to get us to get our our name
What's your name? And then it's getting the input. So we want to return the name. So we want to return the name. This so the get name function has. Has an input functions don't have to have an output. But we want this function to have an output because we want it to get us to get our our name So we want to do that. So we want to do that. Oh. What's it doing? I don't know. Okay. That's fair. Trying to figure out if this makes sense. I don't know if it does. But I was going to type and see what happened. I don't know. I didn't like do something like this. So what I need to do is adjust
So we want to do that. So we want to do that. Oh. What's it doing? I don't know. Okay. That's fair. Trying to figure out if this makes sense. I don't know if it does. But I was going to type and see what happened. I don't know. I didn't like do something like this. So what I need to do is adjust We need to add to add an output. Like a notion of an output to our get name function. So we don't need what you just put in line eight. Let's take that out. Okay. And under line five, we need another new line
We need to add to add an output. Like a notion of an output to our get name function. So we don't need what you just put in line eight. Let's take that out. Okay. And under line five, we need another new line Oh, you know what? Could you make the terminal a bit smaller so that we can see more of the. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, put a new line after line five. Okay. And type return. Space. Name. Okay. So. Let's let's. Under. Or rather before get name online eight. Put name equals get name
Oh, you know what? Could you make the terminal a bit smaller so that we can see more of the. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, put a new line after line five. Okay. And type return. Space. Name. Okay. So. Let's let's. Under. Or rather before get name online eight. Put name equals get name And then we'll talk about what's happening. So let's run this. Okay. Okay. Everything's still working. And then. Now. Uncomment. The, the hello function, but not not the Alice and Bob and stuff. Just the hello function. Okay. Now let's run this. Why didn't
And then we'll talk about what's happening. So let's run this. Okay. Okay. Everything's still working. And then. Now. Uncomment. The, the hello function, but not not the Alice and Bob and stuff. Just the hello function. Okay. Now let's run this. Why didn't Why didn't. Oh, are you, does it, are you auto saving? I keep saving it, but. I don't know. I'm just going to do. I don't see. I'll save again. And I think. Oh, sorry. We didn't actually use it. So we, we, we defined the function. Hello, but then we didn't actually do anything. Sorry
Why didn't. Oh, are you, does it, are you auto saving? I keep saving it, but. I don't know. I'm just going to do. I don't see. I'll save again. And I think. Oh, sorry. We didn't actually use it. So we, we, we defined the function. Hello, but then we didn't actually do anything. Sorry Sorry. Oh, it already has an output. Sorry. Never mind. Don't listen to me. Yeah. Um, right. Okay. So what could be happening here? So we've got. We've got the name. We're passing it to. Hello. Oh, you know what? Comment. Uh, or number. I don't comment out. Just under online nine
Sorry. Oh, it already has an output. Sorry. Never mind. Don't listen to me. Yeah. Um, right. Okay. So what could be happening here? So we've got. We've got the name. We're passing it to. Hello. Oh, you know what? Comment. Uh, or number. I don't comment out. Just under online nine Just write a print name. And let's just make sure that things are working the way that we think they are. This is going to be a year-old. Yeah. So, uh, we have a comment. Um, but. Uh, that. Yeah. Um, and really quick. Thank you. Thank you. Uh, we have a comment from
Just write a print name. And let's just make sure that things are working the way that we think they are. This is going to be a year-old. Yeah. So, uh, we have a comment. Um, but. Uh, that. Yeah. Um, and really quick. Thank you. Thank you. Uh, we have a comment from I don't know how I would say your username. But. Uh, curious of curiousness is old. Just trying out how things work. Or break is a great. Avenue for learning thank you. in, right? It doesn't always click. It would use for a straight-A
I don't know how I would say your username. But. Uh, curious of curiousness is old. Just trying out how things work. Or break is a great. Avenue for learning thank you. in, right? It doesn't always click. It would use for a straight-A But I know that this isn't what fuck around and find out actually means, but you know it has a flavor of fuck around and find out, right? I feel like it's like a more structured version. It's certainly a less physically painful version
But I know that this isn't what fuck around and find out actually means, but you know it has a flavor of fuck around and find out, right? I feel like it's like a more structured version. It's certainly a less physically painful version I don't know because there's times where I say that because learning live is like this way of, it can be very embarrassing and still give me like the physical feeling of anxiety. It's like pushing through that. It can be pretty easy because I get used to it
I don't know because there's times where I say that because learning live is like this way of, it can be very embarrassing and still give me like the physical feeling of anxiety. It's like pushing through that. It can be pretty easy because I get used to it But on other days, it's like, I'm really still struggling. So, eh, we got it printed. Printed the name. That's good. Okay. Thank you for the follow. Uh, Prove. Appreciate it. Yay. Okay. And so we still need to call our Hello function
But on other days, it's like, I'm really still struggling. So, eh, we got it printed. Printed the name. That's good. Okay. Thank you for the follow. Uh, Prove. Appreciate it. Yay. Okay. And so we still need to call our Hello function So we defined our Hello function and underneath that, we're going to call it. So, yeah, let's get any line. And we want to un-indent because we're not, this isn't going to be part of the Hello function. This is going to use the Hello function. Okay. So now let's print. Okay
So we defined our Hello function and underneath that, we're going to call it. So, yeah, let's get any line. And we want to un-indent because we're not, this isn't going to be part of the Hello function. This is going to use the Hello function. Okay. So now let's print. Okay Okay. So, yeah, why is it not printing this? But it was doing that. I'm just curious if I uncomment this and just say, Hello, name, what happens? Going to do it quickly and find out. Name. Why? Because hold on. Oh, because there's an extra. There we go. And run. Run without a buggy
Okay. So, yeah, why is it not printing this? But it was doing that. I'm just curious if I uncomment this and just say, Hello, name, what happens? Going to do it quickly and find out. Name. Why? Because hold on. Oh, because there's an extra. There we go. And run. Run without a buggy Oh, hey, it was because it was calling the function. Yay. Yeah. So it was actually using the function. And for those who are newer to teach Jan tech and yes, I am happy to see more developers on Twitch. Go follow Laura as well because she is also a developer on tech
Oh, hey, it was because it was calling the function. Yay. Yeah. So it was actually using the function. And for those who are newer to teach Jan tech and yes, I am happy to see more developers on Twitch. Go follow Laura as well because she is also a developer on tech I'm trying to remember how to do shout out. Starting next week, I am actually going to be doing database or data infrastructure. So we're going to have some main things that I do four times a week. Mondays are with Laura with Miss Monday, which is just fun because we talk
I'm trying to remember how to do shout out. Starting next week, I am actually going to be doing database or data infrastructure. So we're going to have some main things that I do four times a week. Mondays are with Laura with Miss Monday, which is just fun because we talk We try to talk about other things that somehow programming always gets into it, which is, it's fun. And then on Tuesdays is all going to be about database infrastructure or data infrastructure. I need to stop saying database infrastructure
We try to talk about other things that somehow programming always gets into it, which is, it's fun. And then on Tuesdays is all going to be about database infrastructure or data infrastructure. I need to stop saying database infrastructure And then Thursdays is with distributed where we are working on open source and co working and Fridays is either type on like this or type script because I'm learning both. So it's a little bit of everything and different ways of learning from different people and it's exciting
And then Thursdays is with distributed where we are working on open source and co working and Fridays is either type on like this or type script because I'm learning both. So it's a little bit of everything and different ways of learning from different people and it's exciting And I say that because I haven't streamed for a few weeks because I got a new job and it feels really weird to be streaming again, but also lovely. Laura, why do I always try to mess up your name on here? Laura, wait. If this does a proper shout out. Yeah, it did the shout out. Thank you. Yes
And I say that because I haven't streamed for a few weeks because I got a new job and it feels really weird to be streaming again, but also lovely. Laura, why do I always try to mess up your name on here? Laura, wait. If this does a proper shout out. Yeah, it did the shout out. Thank you. Yes Thank you. Yes. Okay. So. So this is actually making sense in the fact that this is something that I think you are so right about that you called out earlier. Like out of context or function didn't make any sense whatsoever. Like woods, so ever
Thank you. Yes. Okay. So. So this is actually making sense in the fact that this is something that I think you are so right about that you called out earlier. Like out of context or function didn't make any sense whatsoever. Like woods, so ever We're now I'm like, because in, for example, like I've been building my website and I'm working on building like a new website that has like Gen Gena.com. And then it has links to like Ivan and then teach genteque and then shit, you don't want to talk about
We're now I'm like, because in, for example, like I've been building my website and I'm working on building like a new website that has like Gen Gena.com. And then it has links to like Ivan and then teach genteque and then shit, you don't want to talk about And like to do all of that, you still have functions in there. I just don't think I ever understood that this is called a function. Indeed. So what I say that the function is from line three to line nine or only line three, the line six because that's what's included in the indent
And like to do all of that, you still have functions in there. I just don't think I ever understood that this is called a function. Indeed. So what I say that the function is from line three to line nine or only line three, the line six because that's what's included in the indent Or yes, it's the latter. It's line three to line six. That's the function definition. And then online eight. We use the function. And so in programming, we call that like calling a function. You know what, y'all, I'm going to ask. I'm going to take a little picture
Or yes, it's the latter. It's line three to line six. That's the function definition. And then online eight. We use the function. And so in programming, we call that like calling a function. You know what, y'all, I'm going to ask. I'm going to take a little picture We're going to take a picture of this. Some of the parameters that start from one piece, rése, distribution. That percentage goes with these free numbers. Quite a huge number since then on this. Q nieo, I'm just curious about what I'm going to do
We're going to take a picture of this. Some of the parameters that start from one piece, rése, distribution. That percentage goes with these free numbers. Quite a huge number since then on this. Q nieo, I'm just curious about what I'm going to do You know, something someone can bring them to the bottom of the screen. block of code called. What is this block of code? You're going to do that. Repetion. You're going to do that. You would, it would be, more, it would be clearer if you just had line three
You know, something someone can bring them to the bottom of the screen. block of code called. What is this block of code? You're going to do that. Repetion. You're going to do that. You would, it would be, more, it would be clearer if you just had line three Maybe because it's like a function definition. I don't know. I don't know. But actually, so I said something that was like sort of true. I said that line three to line six was a function. It is
Maybe because it's like a function definition. I don't know. I don't know. But actually, so I said something that was like sort of true. I said that line three to line six was a function. It is It is. But how many functions appear in lines three through six? Based on what you just said, I feel like you gave it away and it's just one. No, three functions. There are three functions. So it defines the print and the name. Because returning is I would think non function. It just shows it
It is. But how many functions appear in lines three through six? Based on what you just said, I feel like you gave it away and it's just one. No, three functions. There are three functions. So it defines the print and the name. Because returning is I would think non function. It just shows it It just shows it. Name isn't a function, but it's getting what's going to be returned by the function input. The function whose name is input. I'm not going to be one more time. Okay. So online five where you have input and then parentheses. You are using the function called input. Okay
It just shows it. Name isn't a function, but it's getting what's going to be returned by the function input. The function whose name is input. I'm not going to be one more time. Okay. So online five where you have input and then parentheses. You are using the function called input. Okay Okay. Which is a built in function in Python. So print is a built in function. The return isn't a function. No, it's a, it's an optional component of a function. Okay. For Chrissy's question and we're going to see if I got this right
Okay. Which is a built in function in Python. So print is a built in function. The return isn't a function. No, it's a, it's an optional component of a function. Okay. For Chrissy's question and we're going to see if I got this right I'm pretty sure a let would be for JavaScript where in Python we wouldn't need it. Yeah. So, but that would be for not just JavaScript lots of lots of languages have that idea, but Python does not. What do you normally code in Chrissy? I'm curious now. Interesting
I'm pretty sure a let would be for JavaScript where in Python we wouldn't need it. Yeah. So, but that would be for not just JavaScript lots of lots of languages have that idea, but Python does not. What do you normally code in Chrissy? I'm curious now. Interesting Interesting. And also, yeah, I will post this Chrissy later today, probably when we're done streaming and see how I'm going to phrase this. Maybe I'll put the code block and be like, Hey, what is this code block called and how many of them are there in it? You're buddy
Interesting. And also, yeah, I will post this Chrissy later today, probably when we're done streaming and see how I'm going to phrase this. Maybe I'll put the code block and be like, Hey, what is this code block called and how many of them are there in it? You're buddy What I think there is a let function in, I mean, a let like you can do a let statement, sorry, not function in Python, but you do not need to. I'm not going to use you by getting into that right now. I'm stepping off screen because for those who are newer, I still use books
What I think there is a let function in, I mean, a let like you can do a let statement, sorry, not function in Python, but you do not need to. I'm not going to use you by getting into that right now. I'm stepping off screen because for those who are newer, I still use books I just have a computer read them out loud and then I take notes in the book. So I'm looking at the last chapter to see. They feel like in our summary, it mentioned less. Let me look. No, no. I mentioned Len in the first paragraph. That is also a built in function and Len is short for length
I just have a computer read them out loud and then I take notes in the book. So I'm looking at the last chapter to see. They feel like in our summary, it mentioned less. Let me look. No, no. I mentioned Len in the first paragraph. That is also a built in function and Len is short for length And it returns the length of a string. Okay. Or in. Right. Because they're kind of the same thing. Okay. I feel like I'm not going to lie on this one. I'm kind of like we also haven't streamed in forever. So my like stream is is like my brain process
And it returns the length of a string. Okay. Or in. Right. Because they're kind of the same thing. Okay. I feel like I'm not going to lie on this one. I'm kind of like we also haven't streamed in forever. So my like stream is is like my brain process Because now that I'm getting a function, I would love to reread this chapter for next time to see if I can understand it a bit more. Now that I'm finally conceptualizing what the function is where it was out of context. Right. And so for anyone that's joining a little later, what I do
Because now that I'm getting a function, I would love to reread this chapter for next time to see if I can understand it a bit more. Now that I'm finally conceptualizing what the function is where it was out of context. Right. And so for anyone that's joining a little later, what I do And Lauren, I ended up doing it. Now I do it for a text script too is. So we're using Al. I always say it's last week. How do you say it last week? I got my words. I'll swagger wrote automate the brain stuff. And so I use a screen reader or a text to speech to be able to read all the text
And Lauren, I ended up doing it. Now I do it for a text script too is. So we're using Al. I always say it's last week. How do you say it last week? I got my words. I'll swagger wrote automate the brain stuff. And so I use a screen reader or a text to speech to be able to read all the text And then I have the physical book where I will on some of them. This is a good one. But lots of random comments and notes. So I remember we're to associate them with
And then I have the physical book where I will on some of them. This is a good one. But lots of random comments and notes. So I remember we're to associate them with And then each every other week on Fridays, Laura comes on or somebody else from the Python universe comes on to teach me and answer these questions. So they start to click a bit more like today. Functions out of context was
And then each every other week on Fridays, Laura comes on or somebody else from the Python universe comes on to teach me and answer these questions. So they start to click a bit more like today. Functions out of context was It's so weird that it doesn't make sense, didn't make sense, but it totally makes sense. And that is what I'm feeling is like the. Biggest things that are. I started reading at the same time. I really need to stop doing that. But I've saved up. I'm like, that's what you do with a streamer
It's so weird that it doesn't make sense, didn't make sense, but it totally makes sense. And that is what I'm feeling is like the. Biggest things that are. I started reading at the same time. I really need to stop doing that. But I've saved up. I'm like, that's what you do with a streamer They said, uh, Mr beginning, but did we. Oh, James, you just read it. Hi, everyone. And I feel like this is a great opportunity to go through everything. So to answer your question of
They said, uh, Mr beginning, but did we. Oh, James, you just read it. Hi, everyone. And I feel like this is a great opportunity to go through everything. So to answer your question of The beginning, but did we touch on why functions are helpful and important? Not necessarily because the way we set it up is we use and hello, hello, everyone. We use Alice, why guards book on automated boring stuff and like why like and how they set things up. And it's not necessarily said with
The beginning, but did we touch on why functions are helpful and important? Not necessarily because the way we set it up is we use and hello, hello, everyone. We use Alice, why guards book on automated boring stuff and like why like and how they set things up. And it's not necessarily said with Why a function is important other than. Like a function is a mini program with an inner program. And this is why I do this a lot is just to be able to go
Why a function is important other than. Like a function is a mini program with an inner program. And this is why I do this a lot is just to be able to go Okay, sometimes and this is something that you'll get used to on my stream is I will take really, really big concepts sometimes and also very, very like nitty gritty stuff like this. So I use functions for myself in job strips, but I never could define what a function was
Okay, sometimes and this is something that you'll get used to on my stream is I will take really, really big concepts sometimes and also very, very like nitty gritty stuff like this. So I use functions for myself in job strips, but I never could define what a function was And that was a big reason why I kept wanting to like take a screenshot of this and see if I say, Hey, what is this called and how many of them are there if people wouldn't know what this is called. Yeah, I just want to call it so the new tagular says just coding and listening
And that was a big reason why I kept wanting to like take a screenshot of this and see if I say, Hey, what is this called and how many of them are there if people wouldn't know what this is called. Yeah, I just want to call it so the new tagular says just coding and listening And that's a thing that I do like I will. Hang out in someone's switch stream when I'm doing something that doesn't require a lot of my brain. And it's like it's like co working, you know, yeah. I think that's a great call out. And also I need to
And that's a thing that I do like I will. Hang out in someone's switch stream when I'm doing something that doesn't require a lot of my brain. And it's like it's like co working, you know, yeah. I think that's a great call out. And also I need to And also I need to. Hey, we figured out how to do a shout out for Laura earlier. So let's shout out at James and say thank you. And you could do me again for the sake of I would just be self promotional for a second here
And also I need to. Hey, we figured out how to do a shout out for Laura earlier. So let's shout out at James and say thank you. And you could do me again for the sake of I would just be self promotional for a second here Yes, I also I also have a stream and Jen and I for the people who just joined from James channel. Jen and I also stream on Mondays. We have miscellaneous Mondays to join stream. And then I have I do streams myself
Yes, I also I also have a stream and Jen and I for the people who just joined from James channel. Jen and I also stream on Mondays. We have miscellaneous Mondays to join stream. And then I have I do streams myself I'm going to be starting one on setting up Neo Vim and it'll be called becoming invincible. I think that's funny. That's pretty funny. And I've got a list. And oh, I have to wait another minute before doing another shout out. So give us a second and then we will do it
I'm going to be starting one on setting up Neo Vim and it'll be called becoming invincible. I think that's funny. That's pretty funny. And I've got a list. And oh, I have to wait another minute before doing another shout out. So give us a second and then we will do it And for those who are also just joining, I recently got a I y'all. I've been unemployed for a year. I can't believe that. And I'm finally not unemployed. So I will be starting a live stream about data infrastructure. And it starts next week and we are starting Tuesday with Kafka
And for those who are also just joining, I recently got a I y'all. I've been unemployed for a year. I can't believe that. And I'm finally not unemployed. So I will be starting a live stream about data infrastructure. And it starts next week and we are starting Tuesday with Kafka So I work at Ivan, which manages data infrastructure. And I need to learn about all the products and what they do and what data infrastructure is. So it's going to be a very long process. But I'm going to bring all of you along with me. And thank you, V1. I appreciate it
So I work at Ivan, which manages data infrastructure. And I need to learn about all the products and what they do and what data infrastructure is. So it's going to be a very long process. But I'm going to bring all of you along with me. And thank you, V1. I appreciate it I appreciate it. It is learning live is something that I would suggest for everyone, but also not something for everyone because it is hard to be embarrassed in front of every point when you're not doing something. And oh, I like Chrissy's idea
I appreciate it. It is learning live is something that I would suggest for everyone, but also not something for everyone because it is hard to be embarrassed in front of every point when you're not doing something. And oh, I like Chrissy's idea Can you do a stream on how blogging can help job searchers? Oh, do you have one? You have a lot of blogs. I have a blog post. Yeah, I have a blog post on that. Let me see. And let me see if I can also give your shout out
Can you do a stream on how blogging can help job searchers? Oh, do you have one? You have a lot of blogs. I have a blog post. Yeah, I have a blog post on that. Let me see. And let me see if I can also give your shout out And a lot of the streams for those who are just joining or who followed me today. Thank you. These are what they are. Is we just have fun. Even though these can be really hard topics, they are fun. They're on YouTube later on. They are something that we do refer back to them
And a lot of the streams for those who are just joining or who followed me today. Thank you. These are what they are. Is we just have fun. Even though these can be really hard topics, they are fun. They're on YouTube later on. They are something that we do refer back to them And I will be working on doing transcripts and descriptions on all my old YouTube videos in past life streams. That is on the to do list. Ooh, newacular. Blogging is good for consolidating your knowledge to even if it's just local hosts. I like that. Totally. I could do a stream
And I will be working on doing transcripts and descriptions on all my old YouTube videos in past life streams. That is on the to do list. Ooh, newacular. Blogging is good for consolidating your knowledge to even if it's just local hosts. I like that. Totally. I could do a stream I'm trying to figure out like what I could say in the stream that would be different from what I've got in the blog post. But I personally would watch a stream over a blog post. This is something Laura and I talk about a lot is different learning style
I'm trying to figure out like what I could say in the stream that would be different from what I've got in the blog post. But I personally would watch a stream over a blog post. This is something Laura and I talk about a lot is different learning style So I am someone where this works really well because I get to ask questions and ask people where to connect dots that for most people probably make sense. But for me, it doesn't. I have to listen to a book and read the book and take notes in the book
So I am someone where this works really well because I get to ask questions and ask people where to connect dots that for most people probably make sense. But for me, it doesn't. I have to listen to a book and read the book and take notes in the book I also don't consume content very well from text where I can listen, see something in audio in on like double or triple time where a lot of people don't even like listening to audio books or podcasts. So it's all about learning styles. So Laura, if you did one, I would. I would be there. Yeah
I also don't consume content very well from text where I can listen, see something in audio in on like double or triple time where a lot of people don't even like listening to audio books or podcasts. So it's all about learning styles. So Laura, if you did one, I would. I would be there. Yeah Yeah. And it occurred to me. So I'm just linking to learning with Jason Langstorf, learn with Jason has a blog post on on how to be effective in developer relations. So Jen and I are both developer advocates
Yeah. And it occurred to me. So I'm just linking to learning with Jason Langstorf, learn with Jason has a blog post on on how to be effective in developer relations. So Jen and I are both developer advocates And the thesis of this blog post is that you should you should use reuse content and like use it in multiple ways. And so that would totally be like having a blog post of the content and a stream of the content would be would be reusing the content, which is
And the thesis of this blog post is that you should you should use reuse content and like use it in multiple ways. And so that would totally be like having a blog post of the content and a stream of the content would be would be reusing the content, which is And I think most people kind of do it backwards where they do like a video and then they transcribe it and make it a blog. But it's honestly just however is going to be best for you. Yeah. Yeah. So I've done it. I've only done it that way, the way that you just described
And I think most people kind of do it backwards where they do like a video and then they transcribe it and make it a blog. But it's honestly just however is going to be best for you. Yeah. Yeah. So I've done it. I've only done it that way, the way that you just described So like I've done that for work. I'm actually going to do that in 45 minutes. But yeah, I could I could totally do that and try to think about like I could well anyway, this is Python. Well, I mean, it was I will. And we can let's chat about this on Monday
So like I've done that for work. I'm actually going to do that in 45 minutes. But yeah, I could I could totally do that and try to think about like I could well anyway, this is Python. Well, I mean, it was I will. And we can let's chat about this on Monday Yes, that is a big reason to join us on Mondays is the reason that we have to start a Monday stream was because this is what happens if we don't have a Monday stream of. We just talk about really random shit. And I just gave a shout out for a learn with Jason. He has been on the show as well
Yes, that is a big reason to join us on Mondays is the reason that we have to start a Monday stream was because this is what happens if we don't have a Monday stream of. We just talk about really random shit. And I just gave a shout out for a learn with Jason. He has been on the show as well So definitely something check out. And I just want to call out B1 for saying that they are an audio visual learner and only written for reference. And I think that is great because I like knowing the monolone in that kind of stuff. Yeah. You know, and yay
So definitely something check out. And I just want to call out B1 for saying that they are an audio visual learner and only written for reference. And I think that is great because I like knowing the monolone in that kind of stuff. Yeah. You know, and yay You know, and yay. Yes, definitely join us for following sessions starting next week. Oh my gosh, I can't believe this. I have not streamed consistently. Basically all of February. I think I have February 10th, six months off and some of January
You know, and yay. Yes, definitely join us for following sessions starting next week. Oh my gosh, I can't believe this. I have not streamed consistently. Basically all of February. I think I have February 10th, six months off and some of January It's been really inconsistent with looking for work coming from the holidays and starting next week. We go all four days. Once again, and it's going to be fun
It's been really inconsistent with looking for work coming from the holidays and starting next week. We go all four days. Once again, and it's going to be fun And if y'all want to know how to like know when we're going to live stream and things, we will be starting to live stream from now going forward at 11 a.m. Pacific, which is 2 p.m. Eastern. And then how many hours ahead is I think that's six. It'll be on the calendar, right? Like on our channels
And if y'all want to know how to like know when we're going to live stream and things, we will be starting to live stream from now going forward at 11 a.m. Pacific, which is 2 p.m. Eastern. And then how many hours ahead is I think that's six. It'll be on the calendar, right? Like on our channels It'll be on there. It'll be on there. I just, I needed to move it to later because I needed my mornings. So thank you everyone. Can follow us follow. Yeah. Mora is on. Macedon. I don't know what flag you're on when streaming. So I'm just going to bring this way. Okay
It'll be on there. It'll be on there. I just, I needed to move it to later because I needed my mornings. So thank you everyone. Can follow us follow. Yeah. Mora is on. Macedon. I don't know what flag you're on when streaming. So I'm just going to bring this way. Okay Okay. I do have a few more things to say about what we like. If we, if you share your game, I want to, I want to do a little bit more like a wrap up. And I also want to show the difference between the Jupyter notebook and the dot pi file. Okay. So first, let's just look at
Okay. I do have a few more things to say about what we like. If we, if you share your game, I want to, I want to do a little bit more like a wrap up. And I also want to show the difference between the Jupyter notebook and the dot pi file. Okay. So first, let's just look at So you tell me which parts of this dot pi file are functions, like function definitions. Yeah. I'm pretty sure prints is a function. It is a function, but it's not a function definition. I mean, okay, let me ask a different question. Let me ask the other question
So you tell me which parts of this dot pi file are functions, like function definitions. Yeah. I'm pretty sure prints is a function. It is a function, but it's not a function definition. I mean, okay, let me ask a different question. Let me ask the other question I'm going to ask these questions in the reverse order then. Which lines contain function calls? And a function call is where you use a function. Uh, let's start from the top. Okay. So print must be a call because it's calling the print. Yeah. It's using an existing function, which is print. Yeah
I'm going to ask these questions in the reverse order then. Which lines contain function calls? And a function call is where you use a function. Uh, let's start from the top. Okay. So print must be a call because it's calling the print. Yeah. It's using an existing function, which is print. Yeah Yeah. This is defining a function because it's brand new function. This one is using a function. Yeah. Finding a function. Oh, no. Online five, we are still using a function because input is already a function. Yes. And this is the return a return statement. Okay. So this is return
Yeah. This is defining a function because it's brand new function. This one is using a function. Yeah. Finding a function. Oh, no. Online five, we are still using a function because input is already a function. Yes. And this is the return a return statement. Okay. So this is return So this is return. It's a function call. It's using the get name function that we defined online three. And we are still using a function. Calling that function. Calling and using are like the same. Okay. What up hacker hack hack? Welcome to this ring
So this is return. It's a function call. It's using the get name function that we defined online three. And we are still using a function. Calling that function. Calling and using are like the same. Okay. What up hacker hack hack? Welcome to this ring So only what about light nine? Wouldn't it just be calling? Yes. Because so only online three and line 12 are creating. Yeah, defining the right of them are calling. That's right
So only what about light nine? Wouldn't it just be calling? Yes. Because so only online three and line 12 are creating. Yeah, defining the right of them are calling. That's right That's right. In fact, is there a single line of this program? There is a single line of this this program that does not contain a function call or a function definition. Only online. That's right. So. So in fact. When you were seeing files like this before like programs like this before
That's right. In fact, is there a single line of this program? There is a single line of this this program that does not contain a function call or a function definition. Only online. That's right. So. So in fact. When you were seeing files like this before like programs like this before It's full of functions. It's almost. And that's why like that. Oh, it was so frustrating. Okay. So. I think that's the most frustrating thing is. Since I've been self learning and like, so mostly self taught, I will say. I don't know who said it on Twitter, but whoever did it
It's full of functions. It's almost. And that's why like that. Oh, it was so frustrating. Okay. So. I think that's the most frustrating thing is. Since I've been self learning and like, so mostly self taught, I will say. I don't know who said it on Twitter, but whoever did it That community taught. And I definitely am because I have guests on the show all the time. I have a lot of like, I can do this stuff, but I never knew what they were called or how to create them from scratch. And that's I think why
That community taught. And I definitely am because I have guests on the show all the time. I have a lot of like, I can do this stuff, but I never knew what they were called or how to create them from scratch. And that's I think why But you must frustrating strings are Python and type scripts because I'm like, I get them. But now I have to go to the fundamentals to understand what they're called, why they're called that the way they technically work
But you must frustrating strings are Python and type scripts because I'm like, I get them. But now I have to go to the fundamentals to understand what they're called, why they're called that the way they technically work And that's teaching me how to do it from scratch instead of just manipulating what's already there. And it is the most frustrating stuff ever. But I'm also very excited about it because my teachers are understanding that I'm not frustrated at them
And that's teaching me how to do it from scratch instead of just manipulating what's already there. And it is the most frustrating stuff ever. But I'm also very excited about it because my teachers are understanding that I'm not frustrated at them I am just frustrated that reading because that's what happens. It's more frustrating, but it's. I don't want to say more worthwhile because that's like a judgment statement, but it has like a really big return value. It does
I am just frustrated that reading because that's what happens. It's more frustrating, but it's. I don't want to say more worthwhile because that's like a judgment statement, but it has like a really big return value. It does It does. Like when it finally clicks because like, as we're going through this, I'm like, oh, that is what it is. And I totally get what functions are where one is suited. I was like, I don't know if those are the so to make any sense, but I do know what they are
It does. Like when it finally clicks because like, as we're going through this, I'm like, oh, that is what it is. And I totally get what functions are where one is suited. I was like, I don't know if those are the so to make any sense, but I do know what they are And this is, I think, a big thing with. People in general is we don't always know what we know because it may not be the same way we're describing and communicating them. And yeah, we could, that's a missed Monday, conic conversation. Yep. Your other. I just want to answer. Oh, yeah
And this is, I think, a big thing with. People in general is we don't always know what we know because it may not be the same way we're describing and communicating them. And yeah, we could, that's a missed Monday, conic conversation. Yep. Your other. I just want to answer. Oh, yeah Oh, yeah. Hacker, hack, hack, asked what we're working on. So we are working through the functions chapter, which is chapter three of automate the boring stuff. By Alex Wigart, you can find that at automatetheboringstuff.com. I'll very generously provides the entire text for free online
Oh, yeah. Hacker, hack, hack, asked what we're working on. So we are working through the functions chapter, which is chapter three of automate the boring stuff. By Alex Wigart, you can find that at automatetheboringstuff.com. I'll very generously provides the entire text for free online But if you can, supporting Alex work by buying the book is an awesome thing to do. I have a book. You can take note and in the book. You can also have by it as an ebook if you were an ebook person like me. Yes. That is true as well. Okay. So looking at that file again. All right
But if you can, supporting Alex work by buying the book is an awesome thing to do. I have a book. You can take note and in the book. You can also have by it as an ebook if you were an ebook person like me. Yes. That is true as well. Okay. So looking at that file again. All right All right. So now we, we can see like this, this whole situation. We've got this whole program, right? Mm hmm. Looking at the notebook. Okay. I think this is just like thinking out loud because when Jay was on the show, we used notebook
All right. So now we, we can see like this, this whole situation. We've got this whole program, right? Mm hmm. Looking at the notebook. Okay. I think this is just like thinking out loud because when Jay was on the show, we used notebook So I learned a little bit about it, but and I did delete that on purpose because taking a look at using it from the dot pie file to the notebook is I personally wouldn't know where I break these into different gaps or different parts
So I learned a little bit about it, but and I did delete that on purpose because taking a look at using it from the dot pie file to the notebook is I personally wouldn't know where I break these into different gaps or different parts So I think that one thing I like about it is I can hit paste that I can hit play. And it's like the coolest stuff ever because it's easier to find than the go run. So that's something I liked about it. Yeah. That's, that's not inherent to it's not the case that the looking for the run button
So I think that one thing I like about it is I can hit paste that I can hit play. And it's like the coolest stuff ever because it's easier to find than the go run. So that's something I liked about it. Yeah. That's, that's not inherent to it's not the case that the looking for the run button Is something that you have to do usually that's because something is wrong with your X code. Oh, okay. Wow. That is a surprise me. Okay. I stopped you. Well, it's waiting for you. But I don't know where to type it. Where do I type it? Let me get rid of this one. Let me make this one there
Is something that you have to do usually that's because something is wrong with your X code. Oh, okay. Wow. That is a surprise me. Okay. I stopped you. Well, it's waiting for you. But I don't know where to type it. Where do I type it? Let me get rid of this one. Let me make this one there Let me get it anyway. Just like click in there and then type and see if anything happens in you. No, like, I can't click it. I haven't done this with I've only used notebooks for like data science stuff and so they weren't like getting input like this. Like, wait a minute
Let me get it anyway. Just like click in there and then type and see if anything happens in you. No, like, I can't click it. I haven't done this with I've only used notebooks for like data science stuff and so they weren't like getting input like this. Like, wait a minute I think this is one of the reasons why maybe. No. Oh, that was kind of cool. A lot of detect languages. Okay. So let's. Okay. I don't even know how to stop it. Oh, it took so long that it didn't do anything. It turned out. Okay. Well, that that worked. Okay. So
I think this is one of the reasons why maybe. No. Oh, that was kind of cool. A lot of detect languages. Okay. So let's. Okay. I don't even know how to stop it. Oh, it took so long that it didn't do anything. It turned out. Okay. Well, that that worked. Okay. So Okay. So. Let's comment out that line that's going to wait for the input. And let's just let's just get. Or let's just change it. So let's just say name equals. What do you want the name to be? Laura. Okay. And we'll take out the parentheses because Laura is not a function
Okay. So. Let's comment out that line that's going to wait for the input. And let's just let's just get. Or let's just change it. So let's just say name equals. What do you want the name to be? Laura. Okay. And we'll take out the parentheses because Laura is not a function So we can't call upon it. Oh, but Laura is. What? Yes. Doesn't need parentheses. Okay. Okay. So let's run this again. Hello, Laura. There we go. Okay. And then. Well, how are you on time? Because I wanted to just show like the difference between. Because right now we have an identical situation
So we can't call upon it. Oh, but Laura is. What? Yes. Doesn't need parentheses. Okay. Okay. So let's run this again. Hello, Laura. There we go. Okay. And then. Well, how are you on time? Because I wanted to just show like the difference between. Because right now we have an identical situation I want to show the difference between the two. Okay. All right. So let's split this up into some different code blocks. And you said you weren't sure where to do the splitting. Yeah. It is totally up to you. So. No. Like. Just looking at it. I would normally do. I think like one here
I want to show the difference between the two. Okay. All right. So let's split this up into some different code blocks. And you said you weren't sure where to do the splitting. Yeah. It is totally up to you. So. No. Like. Just looking at it. I would normally do. I think like one here One for this one. Just do it. Do however you want. I will watch it. Oh, wait. I forgot that. That is not what I wanted. There we go. Y'all. It would help if I can use a keyboard. There we go. So there's one. There's two. Three. I guess I can clean them up a little bit. I think that's what I wanted
One for this one. Just do it. Do however you want. I will watch it. Oh, wait. I forgot that. That is not what I wanted. There we go. Y'all. It would help if I can use a keyboard. There we go. So there's one. There's two. Three. I guess I can clean them up a little bit. I think that's what I wanted Oh, because like if we have them this way, we can run them as their own segment instead of having to run the entire file. That's correct. Because I can do run all. And it'll be working exactly the same way as it did when they were all in one block. So. I think that's what I wanted
Oh, because like if we have them this way, we can run them as their own segment instead of having to run the entire file. That's correct. Because I can do run all. And it'll be working exactly the same way as it did when they were all in one block. So. I think that's what I wanted I think that's just this one. And oh, that did run. That went down. But if I want to run just that block. Continue. And. What's your expectation for what's going to happen when you run just this block? If that it would print a beautiful human. Okay. So why what is. It looked at that not eventually
I think that's just this one. And oh, that did run. That went down. But if I want to run just that block. Continue. And. What's your expectation for what's going to happen when you run just this block? If that it would print a beautiful human. Okay. So why what is. It looked at that not eventually Yeah, but it shouldn't be doing it like we took out. It's not waiting for input. So why is it. Oh. No interrupt. Nope. Nope. It didn't like interrupt. Oh. I can't feel I guess. I don't know. That's really weird. Okay. What's the next button over if you hover right? What does it say? Next line
Yeah, but it shouldn't be doing it like we took out. It's not waiting for input. So why is it. Oh. No interrupt. Nope. Nope. It didn't like interrupt. Oh. I can't feel I guess. I don't know. That's really weird. Okay. What's the next button over if you hover right? What does it say? Next line What's the next one? Execute above cells. And I just think it doesn't want to print. I will do this one and see if I can. Oh, look, wait, no. Is that from before? That's from before. I was looking at under under 13 and it was saying. Hey, beautiful human. What's your name? But that's from before
What's the next one? Execute above cells. And I just think it doesn't want to print. I will do this one and see if I can. Oh, look, wait, no. Is that from before? That's from before. I was looking at under under 13 and it was saying. Hey, beautiful human. What's your name? But that's from before Yeah. I'm doing. I'm doing it again. And it's still. Yeah. Can't play. What up, Nami? How's going? Yeah. Okay. Winnie Ray. So you do. Sorry. Testing. I was just saying we are having fun testing. The S code and Python. Yeah. Yeah
Yeah. I'm doing. I'm doing it again. And it's still. Yeah. Can't play. What up, Nami? How's going? Yeah. Okay. Winnie Ray. So you do. Sorry. Testing. I was just saying we are having fun testing. The S code and Python. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. So my only experience with notebooks is not is running them like in the browser and not in VS code. And so I actually don't know what it's getting tripped up on. No. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know
Yeah. Yeah. So my only experience with notebooks is not is running them like in the browser and not in VS code. And so I actually don't know what it's getting tripped up on. No. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know I don't know. Apparently if you click this though, it will try to interrupt the kernel. I don't know. We can maybe ask. Oh, this is how you can click it to run. Yes, restart. Restarting. Oh, it stopped it. Yeah. Good. Oh, hello. Hello. Is not to find. Yeah. Okay. So. So. Run all. And it works
I don't know. Apparently if you click this though, it will try to interrupt the kernel. I don't know. We can maybe ask. Oh, this is how you can click it to run. Yes, restart. Restarting. Oh, it stopped it. Yeah. Good. Oh, hello. Hello. Is not to find. Yeah. Okay. So. So. Run all. And it works And it works. But the about it. Okay. Well, right. It's less than learned. I dig it. I do feel like if we were just doing one function, it would make more sense to do it over here because it's a lot easier and condensed, but doing multiple functions. You're right. That pie was a lot easier
And it works. But the about it. Okay. Well, right. It's less than learned. I dig it. I do feel like if we were just doing one function, it would make more sense to do it over here because it's a lot easier and condensed, but doing multiple functions. You're right. That pie was a lot easier I think it's better to have it all in or not. At least it's better from my brain to have it all in the same. Because even just the visual distinction, like the visual little boxes. Mixing. Like they're all like little separate bits that aren't talking to each other. Make that. Yeah. Okay. So. So
I think it's better to have it all in or not. At least it's better from my brain to have it all in the same. Because even just the visual distinction, like the visual little boxes. Mixing. Like they're all like little separate bits that aren't talking to each other. Make that. Yeah. Okay. So. So Yeah. Okay. So. So. But yeah. So that is the difference. So if you. If you want to. It's a lot faster. If you have like a gigantic program. And you just want to write a function and test and make sure that it works. And like just you just want to work on this little bit
Yeah. Okay. So. So. But yeah. So that is the difference. So if you. If you want to. It's a lot faster. If you have like a gigantic program. And you just want to write a function and test and make sure that it works. And like just you just want to work on this little bit You don't want to run the entire program that might take potentially hours. If you're like processing a ton of data or something. Yeah. So then it can be really handy to use a Jupyter. No, but because you can just work on this little bit
You don't want to run the entire program that might take potentially hours. If you're like processing a ton of data or something. Yeah. So then it can be really handy to use a Jupyter. No, but because you can just work on this little bit And then you can bring it over like when you know it's ready. Yeah. So they both have their. They're uses. Yes. And I think that's going to be a big thing to kind of like learn about and figure out. But it definitely is. I love how like it felt like I was ending early
And then you can bring it over like when you know it's ready. Yeah. So they both have their. They're uses. Yes. And I think that's going to be a big thing to kind of like learn about and figure out. But it definitely is. I love how like it felt like I was ending early And yet we still had like so much to go over because it's. Amazing and wonderful and annoying. I love it. And thank you for being here to teach us. Yes. Thank you. This is so much fun. And y'all join us on Monday. We will be posting on all the socials on when we are going live for Miss
And yet we still had like so much to go over because it's. Amazing and wonderful and annoying. I love it. And thank you for being here to teach us. Yes. Thank you. This is so much fun. And y'all join us on Monday. We will be posting on all the socials on when we are going live for Miss Monday, where we literally just hang out. It's so fun. And you can ask us for any questions. We will Google random things. Talk about stuff. You never know what we're going to talk about. And yeah. Well, thank you everyone. And let's see if we can. Raid someone. Let's rain priming. Prim again
Monday, where we literally just hang out. It's so fun. And you can ask us for any questions. We will Google random things. Talk about stuff. You never know what we're going to talk about. And yeah. Well, thank you everyone. And let's see if we can. Raid someone. Let's rain priming. Prim again Prim again. Prim. I'm. I'm a gin. I think. I'm a gin. That is still one of like the most annoying ones is I'm always like, I don't know what to call it. You know, I've actually been using his one of his videos for setting up my new. Yeah. That's exciting. Alright. We are going through right now
Prim again. Prim. I'm. I'm a gin. I think. I'm a gin. That is still one of like the most annoying ones is I'm always like, I don't know what to call it. You know, I've actually been using his one of his videos for setting up my new. Yeah. That's exciting. Alright. We are going through right now Okay. And Brad cares. Okay. And Brad cares. Okay. And Brad cares.
Okay. And Brad cares. Okay. And Brad cares. Okay. And Brad cares.