Hello, hello beautiful humans. Welcome to another episode of Mist Mondays with me. I don't know why it actually. Where did I get music? Are you playing music? I don't think so. I just randomly hear music now. Oh, this is fun. This is the random stuff about life streaming is really fun The music just randomly starts and you're like, I mean it's pumping music, but oh, I bet it's this. No? I have no idea what's playing it, but you know what? I will figure this out as we go, but it's Mist Monday. So welcome to Mist Monday and yay. This is Laura and I'm Jen. Hi
The music just randomly starts and you're like, I mean it's pumping music, but oh, I bet it's this. No? I have no idea what's playing it, but you know what? I will figure this out as we go, but it's Mist Monday. So welcome to Mist Monday and yay. This is Laura and I'm Jen. Hi Hi. And this is the best part about Mist Monday's is it could be all the random things, especially when I can't do an intro because music randomly plays in my background. Oh, I think I figured it out. Yeah. My Twitch was open in another tab and I heard the music and then I heard myself
Hi. And this is the best part about Mist Monday's is it could be all the random things, especially when I can't do an intro because music randomly plays in my background. Oh, I think I figured it out. Yeah. My Twitch was open in another tab and I heard the music and then I heard myself So I think it was an ad. Oh, gotcha. Yeah. That makes sense. Yay. Yeah. I figured it out. And Laura, do you want to tell them who you are? Hi, I'm Laura. I am a developer advocate at Suborbital Software Systems. Previously, a math professor
So I think it was an ad. Oh, gotcha. Yeah. That makes sense. Yay. Yeah. I figured it out. And Laura, do you want to tell them who you are? Hi, I'm Laura. I am a developer advocate at Suborbital Software Systems. Previously, a math professor I mentioned that just because it always ends up coming up anyway. I slept very badly last night and because of spring forward, my entire brain's just like nope, being out on today. And I can't think of a single other thing to say. So you should probably introduce yourself now to
I mentioned that just because it always ends up coming up anyway. I slept very badly last night and because of spring forward, my entire brain's just like nope, being out on today. And I can't think of a single other thing to say. So you should probably introduce yourself now to I mean, that's what I'm here for. And this is exactly why we do Mist Monday's though because a lot of times it is Mondays are dreaded. And there can be a lot of brain deadness. I know that I had almost complete back to back calls until now, which Monday started at 6am and it's noon my time
I mean, that's what I'm here for. And this is exactly why we do Mist Monday's though because a lot of times it is Mondays are dreaded. And there can be a lot of brain deadness. I know that I had almost complete back to back calls until now, which Monday started at 6am and it's noon my time So I had a lot of learning. That's not the learning. And to introduce myself, I am a developer advocate at Ivan and I am the host of where you probably might be seeing the show of Teach Gen Tech, where I, excuse me, my dog wants to interrupt to the background, where I learn about tech publicly
So I had a lot of learning. That's not the learning. And to introduce myself, I am a developer advocate at Ivan and I am the host of where you probably might be seeing the show of Teach Gen Tech, where I, excuse me, my dog wants to interrupt to the background, where I learn about tech publicly It's really embarrassing. It's super fun. It's very nerve-wracking and it's very challenging. Yet it's way cooler than learning about myself because that's not how my brain thinks. I like to be able to interact with people when I'm learning
It's really embarrassing. It's super fun. It's very nerve-wracking and it's very challenging. Yet it's way cooler than learning about myself because that's not how my brain thinks. I like to be able to interact with people when I'm learning I'm going to see what I'm talking if I can get my dog to be quit. And I also am the host of a podcast called Shit You Don't Want to Talk About. So basically, I learned live, talk about shit that's hard to talk about and I advocate about learning about database or data infrastructure
I'm going to see what I'm talking if I can get my dog to be quit. And I also am the host of a podcast called Shit You Don't Want to Talk About. So basically, I learned live, talk about shit that's hard to talk about and I advocate about learning about database or data infrastructure And that's a pretty good short synopsis. We might finally be there. And the fun thing about Miss Monday is sometimes we have topics that we actually want to talk about and then other times we just show up
And that's a pretty good short synopsis. We might finally be there. And the fun thing about Miss Monday is sometimes we have topics that we actually want to talk about and then other times we just show up Because Laura was the first person I started having a more consistency of her being on the show. We started learning, she started teaching me Python with Al Swigart's Automate the Boring Stuff. And we tried doing that about every week. And it ended up about- First it was every other week
Because Laura was the first person I started having a more consistency of her being on the show. We started learning, she started teaching me Python with Al Swigart's Automate the Boring Stuff. And we tried doing that about every week. And it ended up about- First it was every other week And then it was every week. But then it was still taking us forever and ever and ever and more ever to come because we kept going down rabbit holes. And so we finally just said, hey, you know what, we're just going to have like rabbit hole day and Python day. We should call this rabbit hole day
And then it was every week. But then it was still taking us forever and ever and ever and more ever to come because we kept going down rabbit holes. And so we finally just said, hey, you know what, we're just going to have like rabbit hole day and Python day. We should call this rabbit hole day Miss Monday is rabbit hole day. And a lot of times I really enjoy the fact that we do this because it's a way to digest a lot of what we've previously learned. But we're- we've talked about world events
Miss Monday is rabbit hole day. And a lot of times I really enjoy the fact that we do this because it's a way to digest a lot of what we've previously learned. But we're- we've talked about world events We've talked a lot about- a lot of times I just tell Laura about things that I've been learning if all else fails. Which today was- I learned a lot about OBS. Ooh, which I think- because this has been a topic of conversation on this stream specifically
We've talked a lot about- a lot of times I just tell Laura about things that I've been learning if all else fails. Which today was- I learned a lot about OBS. Ooh, which I think- because this has been a topic of conversation on this stream specifically I do believe that I will have OBS set up in the next couple weeks. I'm looking at getting some new gear. So once that's done, I think I will be set up. We will see. But one of my colleagues, Debbie, had took time to go through all of it with me
I do believe that I will have OBS set up in the next couple weeks. I'm looking at getting some new gear. So once that's done, I think I will be set up. We will see. But one of my colleagues, Debbie, had took time to go through all of it with me And they have like this really cool document about OBS and I'm like, dude, can you really get add to this? Because it's really cool. So if it ends up being live, I will share with everyone. Nice. And we did functions on Friday. Yeah, in Python. Mm-hmm
And they have like this really cool document about OBS and I'm like, dude, can you really get add to this? Because it's really cool. So if it ends up being live, I will share with everyone. Nice. And we did functions on Friday. Yeah, in Python. Mm-hmm Mm-hmm. Oh, I've turned out that you knew a lot more about functions than you realized, you knew. I didn't realize the name function what it meant
Mm-hmm. Oh, I've turned out that you knew a lot more about functions than you realized, you knew. I didn't realize the name function what it meant Which is always a really fun thing of learning live, I would say, of- and also like being self-taught is you don't always know that the thing you do has a name or what it means. I can show you what I've been working on this weekend because- This has been a interesting topic for us before
Which is always a really fun thing of learning live, I would say, of- and also like being self-taught is you don't always know that the thing you do has a name or what it means. I can show you what I've been working on this weekend because- This has been a interesting topic for us before So share screen. I'll get a new website I'm working on. Nice. And the reason I show it is, eventually, these will all link until their own subdomains. So people- I don't have to have re-websites to keep up with. Oh, they're excited
So share screen. I'll get a new website I'm working on. Nice. And the reason I show it is, eventually, these will all link until their own subdomains. So people- I don't have to have re-websites to keep up with. Oh, they're excited But at the moment, it is just this homepage and this actually took me a really long time to get to this point. So- It's a thing. Yeah. I did not realize. So when you started, I- I feel like I know the answer to this, but it's been a while
But at the moment, it is just this homepage and this actually took me a really long time to get to this point. So- It's a thing. Yeah. I did not realize. So when you started, I- I feel like I know the answer to this, but it's been a while When you first started getting into tech and learning like Python and stuff, did you ever think about going to front end or were you just like, yeah, I'm going to go to back end stuff. Oh, so neither. I never can- I mean, I- I- Okay, so I was- was as, you know, a math professor
When you first started getting into tech and learning like Python and stuff, did you ever think about going to front end or were you just like, yeah, I'm going to go to back end stuff. Oh, so neither. I never can- I mean, I- I- Okay, so I was- was as, you know, a math professor I realized I needed to get a different job because teachers don't make any money. And the most obvious transition from math into tech was through data science. And- And that's actually- And not back end. Just no web actually. It's like just not web. Yeah. Where- I had to take away
I realized I needed to get a different job because teachers don't make any money. And the most obvious transition from math into tech was through data science. And- And that's actually- And not back end. Just no web actually. It's like just not web. Yeah. Where- I had to take away I would have totally thought that that would be considered back end, but it's not. Yeah, yeah, because it like- what's it behind, so to speak? I mean, it like- it's, yeah, it's between
I would have totally thought that that would be considered back end, but it's not. Yeah, yeah, because it like- what's it behind, so to speak? I mean, it like- it's, yeah, it's between It's actually between front end and back end, except it's like between it in a totally different- in a parallel universe. I'm being- I'm being- I'm being- doing some Google's over here. Yeah
It's actually between front end and back end, except it's like between it in a totally different- in a parallel universe. I'm being- I'm being- I'm being- doing some Google's over here. Yeah Yeah. Like if you wanted to interact with like, okay, so when- when folks are interacting with like chat GPT, they're interacting with it through a website generally. That website has a front end. And it also has a back end
Yeah. Like if you wanted to interact with like, okay, so when- when folks are interacting with like chat GPT, they're interacting with it through a website generally. That website has a front end. And it also has a back end And what the website is like, doing, I mean, I guess you could sort of consider that part the back end, but it's not- it's not just the back end of like the whole infrastructure. It's- I would say it's- it's in the middle. It's the- it's the meat of the sandwich. Okay, I just- I found a link
And what the website is like, doing, I mean, I guess you could sort of consider that part the back end, but it's not- it's not just the back end of like the whole infrastructure. It's- I would say it's- it's in the middle. It's the- it's the meat of the sandwich. Okay, I just- I found a link I shared it just in case anybody wants to look at it later on, because I feel like it at least gives us a start into data science. Yeah. And- Oh, sorry. It's also not the case that like all data science would even have a front end
I shared it just in case anybody wants to look at it later on, because I feel like it at least gives us a start into data science. Yeah. And- Oh, sorry. It's also not the case that like all data science would even have a front end Or like a back end or whatever, because you might just be doing your- your data analysis on your own company's databases. And the databases would have a back end, but the databases themselves are not the back end in like to my way of thinking. Right. Right. Yeah
Or like a back end or whatever, because you might just be doing your- your data analysis on your own company's databases. And the databases would have a back end, but the databases themselves are not the back end in like to my way of thinking. Right. Right. Yeah Right. Right. Yeah. And that's interesting because especially with launching the data infrastructure series, I can to like dive into like so much data, data, all the data. What is the data? Which is very, very interesting. I feel like a new leaf has- has grown turnover
Right. Right. Yeah. And that's interesting because especially with launching the data infrastructure series, I can to like dive into like so much data, data, all the data. What is the data? Which is very, very interesting. I feel like a new leaf has- has grown turnover I think the term is turned over. In the fact that I don't think I ever would have gotten this excited about data before. But I actually am like very intrigued about data infrastructure
I think the term is turned over. In the fact that I don't think I ever would have gotten this excited about data before. But I actually am like very intrigued about data infrastructure And I'm stoked about Kafka tomorrow because a big reason why is I've- I've heard of like event driven and those type of things, but for some reason, I just kind of give it a blank stare and go, yeah, that's a thing. Yeah. That does some things and stuff. Yeah, it just hasn't clicked yet
And I'm stoked about Kafka tomorrow because a big reason why is I've- I've heard of like event driven and those type of things, but for some reason, I just kind of give it a blank stare and go, yeah, that's a thing. Yeah. That does some things and stuff. Yeah, it just hasn't clicked yet And I'm excited to have somebody on the show because this is- and you and I have talked about this many times. This is a big part about learning is it doesn't always click the first time you learn it. No. Or the third. Very frustrating because I just want it to click
And I'm excited to have somebody on the show because this is- and you and I have talked about this many times. This is a big part about learning is it doesn't always click the first time you learn it. No. Or the third. Very frustrating because I just want it to click Yet that's a big reason I enjoy doing less checking myself is because you know, at least others can learn along with me. I do have a follow-up on this
Yet that's a big reason I enjoy doing less checking myself is because you know, at least others can learn along with me. I do have a follow-up on this What is a topic if you're open to sharing with us that took you a while to learn? Like I- and by I mean a while like to even conceptualize the concept of it. There are so many candidates for this
What is a topic if you're open to sharing with us that took you a while to learn? Like I- and by I mean a while like to even conceptualize the concept of it. There are so many candidates for this I'm going to go with the one that I used to reassure my students, which is that I was a math professor who took calculus one three times. Okay. I don't think I've ever taken calculus. I think the highest I ever got was algebra. Okay. Yeah. I don't know
I'm going to go with the one that I used to reassure my students, which is that I was a math professor who took calculus one three times. Okay. I don't think I've ever taken calculus. I think the highest I ever got was algebra. Okay. Yeah. I don't know Yeah. I don't know. I found out that I- this took quite some time. I love learning. I hate school. So I had to not make it very far in university or college. I- Yeah. It's kind of the same for me. I love school when it's built for me. Oh, that's a good one
Yeah. I don't know. I found out that I- this took quite some time. I love learning. I hate school. So I had to not make it very far in university or college. I- Yeah. It's kind of the same for me. I love school when it's built for me. Oh, that's a good one And I- I just said functional programming is slowly starting to click for them. It's been a long time in the learning process. Now I'm just going to go Google what is functional programming. Yeah. Yeah. That's one that I've looked into. And that's taking a while to click for me too. For sure
And I- I just said functional programming is slowly starting to click for them. It's been a long time in the learning process. Now I'm just going to go Google what is functional programming. Yeah. Yeah. That's one that I've looked into. And that's taking a while to click for me too. For sure For sure. I'm copying and posting copy and pasting a copy paste of it. Functional programming is an approach to software development that uses pure functions to create maintainable software. In other words, building programs by applying and composing functions
For sure. I'm copying and posting copy and pasting a copy paste of it. Functional programming is an approach to software development that uses pure functions to create maintainable software. In other words, building programs by applying and composing functions So we just basically talked about it the entire time on Friday. Sort of. So I'm trying to remember what's the- I'm getting stuck on like there's a binary declarative or declarative programming versus imperative programming
So we just basically talked about it the entire time on Friday. Sort of. So I'm trying to remember what's the- I'm getting stuck on like there's a binary declarative or declarative programming versus imperative programming And then there's functional programming versus- and I'm trying to remember the term for like what's the other half of the binary for functional programming versus- I don't know. Let me see what versus comes up with object oriented. Okay. What is coming up with most? Mm-hmm
And then there's functional programming versus- and I'm trying to remember the term for like what's the other half of the binary for functional programming versus- I don't know. Let me see what versus comes up with object oriented. Okay. What is coming up with most? Mm-hmm Which- so- Let's share this lovely- Hopefully it's lovely. I haven't read through it but there is a medium post on it. Cassidy Williams- Cassidy is big into functional programming. And she always has nice explanations. I'm sure that the one that you just found is perfectly lovely
Which- so- Let's share this lovely- Hopefully it's lovely. I haven't read through it but there is a medium post on it. Cassidy Williams- Cassidy is big into functional programming. And she always has nice explanations. I'm sure that the one that you just found is perfectly lovely I just want to see if I can- Cassidy Williams- I think that's definitely something that- I think you both of you for sharing just like some things that you got stuck on because it's definitely- I think that's one of the hardest parts about changing industries is switching or like having to understand new concepts
I just want to see if I can- Cassidy Williams- I think that's definitely something that- I think you both of you for sharing just like some things that you got stuck on because it's definitely- I think that's one of the hardest parts about changing industries is switching or like having to understand new concepts Mm-hmm. It's like after you can like understand the concept you're like, yo I got this. Before that. Okay. Here's one of Cassidy's- oh I should paste it in Twitch and on StreamYard. Oh no, I should- I should paste it. Wait, how does this go again? No brain- A-City in StreamYard. Okay
Mm-hmm. It's like after you can like understand the concept you're like, yo I got this. Before that. Okay. Here's one of Cassidy's- oh I should paste it in Twitch and on StreamYard. Oh no, I should- I should paste it. Wait, how does this go again? No brain- A-City in StreamYard. Okay Okay. And then it'll go to all three. Okay, okay. So the exact opposite of what I was thinking, which is awesome. Um, yes, because once I get OBS working, I can only stream to one spot. Oh, I'm just gonna be getting it as a Twitter link. That's so annoying. Twitter. Yeah, yeah
Okay. And then it'll go to all three. Okay, okay. So the exact opposite of what I was thinking, which is awesome. Um, yes, because once I get OBS working, I can only stream to one spot. Oh, I'm just gonna be getting it as a Twitter link. That's so annoying. Twitter. Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah. I will say like as we have people joining and thank you for stopping by and saying hi. Is there any questions that y'all had for us? Because Ms. C'monDay definitely don't need to be just about what we come up with. It can definitely be what y'all want to talk to us about
Yeah, yeah. I will say like as we have people joining and thank you for stopping by and saying hi. Is there any questions that y'all had for us? Because Ms. C'monDay definitely don't need to be just about what we come up with. It can definitely be what y'all want to talk to us about Or we can always have them as being very short because we at least kicked off Monday hanging out for a hot minute and that's always fun. So it's very easy, go with a flow. I just want to since we don't have conversation today, if anybody else has some. So yeah, okay
Or we can always have them as being very short because we at least kicked off Monday hanging out for a hot minute and that's always fun. So it's very easy, go with a flow. I just want to since we don't have conversation today, if anybody else has some. So yeah, okay So yeah, okay. So, so yeah, the difference between so you've got object oriented and functional programming and the thing that gets that I get stuck on is that you still use functions in object oriented programming. It's just not everything is a function
So yeah, okay. So, so yeah, the difference between so you've got object oriented and functional programming and the thing that gets that I get stuck on is that you still use functions in object oriented programming. It's just not everything is a function So in object oriented programming, everything is an object and in functional programming, everything is a function. But you can still have functions in object oriented programming. I'm still just stuck on the really pretty artwork. Yeah. Oh, this is cool
So in object oriented programming, everything is an object and in functional programming, everything is a function. But you can still have functions in object oriented programming. I'm still just stuck on the really pretty artwork. Yeah. Oh, this is cool Oh, this is cool. This is definitely something worth checking out
Oh, this is cool. This is definitely something worth checking out I would say, and this is the way my brain works, especially after so many meetings in the morning, of I love that one thing that you and I have talked about and then oh, Fukaya just said, and you can still have objects in a function style
I would say, and this is the way my brain works, especially after so many meetings in the morning, of I love that one thing that you and I have talked about and then oh, Fukaya just said, and you can still have objects in a function style Yeah, that's what I figured was that it was going to go both ways. Just trying. How do you explain it? How would you explain this to someone? Me? No, but okay. How do I say your name? I do this every time. I feel like maybe you said Fukki, but I don't know
Yeah, that's what I figured was that it was going to go both ways. Just trying. How do you explain it? How would you explain this to someone? Me? No, but okay. How do I say your name? I do this every time. I feel like maybe you said Fukki, but I don't know I have absolutely no reason to think that I am saying that correctly. Okay. Well, I was going to say that one of the things that I really love about doing streams with you and meeting more and more people in tech is that makeup is that thing. You make me happy. Yeah, makeup
I have absolutely no reason to think that I am saying that correctly. Okay. Well, I was going to say that one of the things that I really love about doing streams with you and meeting more and more people in tech is that makeup is that thing. You make me happy. Yeah, makeup Yeah, makeup. Yeah, makeup in what context? That there's more people that wear makeup. Oh, like literally cosmetics. Okay. Yeah, like literally cosmetics. Mm-hmm. Not like markdown. And you don't mark down and make up. Make up and markdown. No, that would be a really good stream name
Yeah, makeup. Yeah, makeup in what context? That there's more people that wear makeup. Oh, like literally cosmetics. Okay. Yeah, like literally cosmetics. Mm-hmm. Not like markdown. And you don't mark down and make up. Make up and markdown. No, that would be a really good stream name That totally is a really good stream name. Oh, we're going to do another stream now, aren't we? We're going to have a dev realm stream called make up markdown. I can have to rename our makeup dev realm group on Mastron. Oh, yeah. Oh, well, thank you, Fukki
That totally is a really good stream name. Oh, we're going to do another stream now, aren't we? We're going to have a dev realm stream called make up markdown. I can have to rename our makeup dev realm group on Mastron. Oh, yeah. Oh, well, thank you, Fukki And functional style is a big field, but the justice of it is like use an array.map instead of imperative style for a loop. Mm-hmm. All right. I dig it. I dig it. I feel like there's definitely there's so much to learn out there in the world
And functional style is a big field, but the justice of it is like use an array.map instead of imperative style for a loop. Mm-hmm. All right. I dig it. I dig it. I feel like there's definitely there's so much to learn out there in the world I actually started a I started in this sauna board and called research and every time I just keep adding stuff to this board to research. It's never ending. Mm-hmm. I don't know. Oh, there's more. Yay. Oh, I think we both look at it at the same time
I actually started a I started in this sauna board and called research and every time I just keep adding stuff to this board to research. It's never ending. Mm-hmm. I don't know. Oh, there's more. Yay. Oh, I think we both look at it at the same time And right, lots of small functions that do just one thing out without side effects instead of a couple big objects. Bonus points, if your functions take other functions as parameters or returns new functions. Mm-hmm
And right, lots of small functions that do just one thing out without side effects instead of a couple big objects. Bonus points, if your functions take other functions as parameters or returns new functions. Mm-hmm Mm-hmm. And that's where it like because when you so Python is an object-oriented programming language. And when you are learning how to write production level Python code as opposed to just this code does the thing that I want it to do
Mm-hmm. And that's where it like because when you so Python is an object-oriented programming language. And when you are learning how to write production level Python code as opposed to just this code does the thing that I want it to do You know, when you're when you're when you're making it better. A big principle, I mean, really with any with any programming language, a big principle generally is to write really small functions that do exactly one thing. And then without side effects and and work up, you know, from there
You know, when you're when you're when you're making it better. A big principle, I mean, really with any with any programming language, a big principle generally is to write really small functions that do exactly one thing. And then without side effects and and work up, you know, from there Like I learned that in my CS1 class, which was in C++, which is not, you know, it's it's very far from Python. But also has objects. So like it's still there's so much there's so much overlap between philosophies and also declarative programming versus imperative programming
Like I learned that in my CS1 class, which was in C++, which is not, you know, it's it's very far from Python. But also has objects. So like it's still there's so much there's so much overlap between philosophies and also declarative programming versus imperative programming And so I think functional programming is maybe jives a bit with declarative programming, but it's not exactly declared. It's this. It's this. I am too tired for this today
And so I think functional programming is maybe jives a bit with declarative programming, but it's not exactly declared. It's this. It's this. I am too tired for this today I was just about to say I'm not quite infuting what you're saying, but I do think it is something that we are definitely really little out of it today. I feel both are. And maybe it's day like savings, maybe it's just getting into a new, you know, time because we are streaming
I was just about to say I'm not quite infuting what you're saying, but I do think it is something that we are definitely really little out of it today. I feel both are. And maybe it's day like savings, maybe it's just getting into a new, you know, time because we are streaming We just started streaming later than we normally do, except it's earlier than it's supposed to be because it's spring forward. Yeah. I hate daylight savings. I hate it. I agree. I agree. And really confusing is Europe hasn't. I don't know how many other places in the rest of the world
We just started streaming later than we normally do, except it's earlier than it's supposed to be because it's spring forward. Yeah. I hate daylight savings. I hate it. I agree. I agree. And really confusing is Europe hasn't. I don't know how many other places in the rest of the world I just have talked to a few. Yeah. That's because we moved. So we used to spring forward in April and fall back in October, but then we squished standard time on both ends. So now instead of starting standard time in October, we started later, we started in November
I just have talked to a few. Yeah. That's because we moved. So we used to spring forward in April and fall back in October, but then we squished standard time on both ends. So now instead of starting standard time in October, we started later, we started in November And instead of finishing standard time in April, now we finish it in March. So it just got squished. Oh, and hi, Ian. Hey, we are we're miss Monday. But we're both a little brain dead. So our miss Monday, Ian isn't going. I don't even know how to say that. I don't know
And instead of finishing standard time in April, now we finish it in March. So it just got squished. Oh, and hi, Ian. Hey, we are we're miss Monday. But we're both a little brain dead. So our miss Monday, Ian isn't going. I don't even know how to say that. I don't know I don't know. I think, you know, misslinies, Mondays, right? Yeah. There are there are no rules we're doing great. No, there are no rules. There are I am glad that we're, you know, getting this out today because tomorrow's I actually need to be able to consume the content of
I don't know. I think, you know, misslinies, Mondays, right? Yeah. There are there are no rules we're doing great. No, there are no rules. There are I am glad that we're, you know, getting this out today because tomorrow's I actually need to be able to consume the content of Doesn't doesn't Ramon have a it's like a captain pat pat or something where you like pat yourself on the shoulder. I don't know, but I want to do that right now. I want to say to pay Ramon and be like, isn't that a thing? Because I don't think I made that up
Doesn't doesn't Ramon have a it's like a captain pat pat or something where you like pat yourself on the shoulder. I don't know, but I want to do that right now. I want to say to pay Ramon and be like, isn't that a thing? Because I don't think I made that up And I've been talking a lot about you and your life in the background. Okay, so you were curious. I will say there is something especially because you two are Pythoners, you and Ian of eventually I want to see how much I can automate on my to get it to do after I stream something
And I've been talking a lot about you and your life in the background. Okay, so you were curious. I will say there is something especially because you two are Pythoners, you and Ian of eventually I want to see how much I can automate on my to get it to do after I stream something Like I don't know if it's possible. But if I stream a video on OBS, so it like downloads to my computer, can it then upload to like let's say everything else rev.com or something to translate it or to transcribe it. And then somehow tell my computer or something to put it on YouTube
Like I don't know if it's possible. But if I stream a video on OBS, so it like downloads to my computer, can it then upload to like let's say everything else rev.com or something to translate it or to transcribe it. And then somehow tell my computer or something to put it on YouTube And also put it on a blog post to translate in embedded video. I don't think this is possible, but it'd be really cool if it was. I think it probably is possible, but I have no idea how to do it. Oh, so Ian says
And also put it on a blog post to translate in embedded video. I don't think this is possible, but it'd be really cool if it was. I think it probably is possible, but I have no idea how to do it. Oh, so Ian says Oh, so Ian says. And he has OBS for cordless streams and upload to YouTube later, which also does transcription in various languages. Yeah, so YouTube does transcribe. Yeah, I want to do it on its own like almost blog post with the transcription in there. Yeah. Yeah, you can get that in OBS
Oh, so Ian says. And he has OBS for cordless streams and upload to YouTube later, which also does transcription in various languages. Yeah, so YouTube does transcribe. Yeah, I want to do it on its own like almost blog post with the transcription in there. Yeah. Yeah, you can get that in OBS You don't have to upload it. The remote showed us how to get transcription. That's closed caption. And it doesn't transcribe. Well, there's a button. There's a button. Yeah, so that you can download it. Oh, but it's still a manual process. No, like when you set up the it would auto download
You don't have to upload it. The remote showed us how to get transcription. That's closed caption. And it doesn't transcribe. Well, there's a button. There's a button. Yeah, so that you can download it. Oh, but it's still a manual process. No, like when you set up the it would auto download Yeah, I think so. And basically, I'm realizing I need to automate my life. Right? Yes. I do a lot of stuff manually. It took me. It took me like three hours yesterday to create the graphics. Right, all of the like social media posts. Then post on all of the social media
Yeah, I think so. And basically, I'm realizing I need to automate my life. Right? Yes. I do a lot of stuff manually. It took me. It took me like three hours yesterday to create the graphics. Right, all of the like social media posts. Then post on all of the social media And that took a really long time. Chat does take forever. I mean, if you want to join on this stream, we'll send you this this stream yard link in. You're welcome to join us. Like, yeah, you want to join this conversation
And that took a really long time. Chat does take forever. I mean, if you want to join on this stream, we'll send you this this stream yard link in. You're welcome to join us. Like, yeah, you want to join this conversation Yeah, I really want to find a lot of APIs in my life is to the point I'm at, as there needs to be more APIs in my life. Yeah, I have been learning. Well, I have a point to learn. Sorry, the funny way. Yeah
Yeah, I really want to find a lot of APIs in my life is to the point I'm at, as there needs to be more APIs in my life. Yeah, I have been learning. Well, I have a point to learn. Sorry, the funny way. Yeah Yeah. Okay, wait, you mean the the one that I want to make a series for? Okay, yeah, so I have been being getting NeoVem setup, which is a fork of them with a better plug-in ecosystem and some other improvements. And I need to learn how to use it
Yeah. Okay, wait, you mean the the one that I want to make a series for? Okay, yeah, so I have been being getting NeoVem setup, which is a fork of them with a better plug-in ecosystem and some other improvements. And I need to learn how to use it And so I'm going to do a series of, I don't know, I guess, probably both blog posts and streams. And oh, and when you want to invoke NeoVem, instead of typing them, you type N them. And so I want to have a series called becoming and ThimSable in which I learn NeoVem. This is happiness. Yeah. Yeah
And so I'm going to do a series of, I don't know, I guess, probably both blog posts and streams. And oh, and when you want to invoke NeoVem, instead of typing them, you type N them. And so I want to have a series called becoming and ThimSable in which I learn NeoVem. This is happiness. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. But today I'm tired. Yeah. So we're just not computing life. Alias, oh, alias by V i equals NVem. Yeah, so Thim is, is V i improved? So V i came first. And, and then Thim was V i improved. So it's already like a cute name. Thim is, and then, and then there's NeoVem. Yeah
Yeah. Yeah. But today I'm tired. Yeah. So we're just not computing life. Alias, oh, alias by V i equals NVem. Yeah, so Thim is, is V i improved? So V i came first. And, and then Thim was V i improved. So it's already like a cute name. Thim is, and then, and then there's NeoVem. Yeah Yeah. There's also lazy Thim or lazy NeoVem, and Vem, or I think it's lazy and Vem. Anyway, there are a bunch of these things. Oh, yeah. So that alias that what we use, how are we using it? I'm just going to try to be consistent
Yeah. There's also lazy Thim or lazy NeoVem, and Vem, or I think it's lazy and Vem. Anyway, there are a bunch of these things. Oh, yeah. So that alias that what we use, how are we using it? I'm just going to try to be consistent So this would be like an alias that you would put into your shell file. So like we, many streams ago, edited your .zshrc, your z shell configuration file. So this is something that you can put in there
So this would be like an alias that you would put into your shell file. So like we, many streams ago, edited your .zshrc, your z shell configuration file. So this is something that you can put in there So I have various alias in my in my z shell things that make it faster to like get to particular directories or I don't have to type out like get checkout main. I can just type gm and stuff like that. And so yeah, you can alias it, but that file is local to your, what up your machine
So I have various alias in my in my z shell things that make it faster to like get to particular directories or I don't have to type out like get checkout main. I can just type gm and stuff like that. And so yeah, you can alias it, but that file is local to your, what up your machine It doesn't follow you to whatever machine your fingers happen to be typing on a keyboard that is entering it. And so you have to remember either you're going to have to adjust the z shell or the this would work in bash too
It doesn't follow you to whatever machine your fingers happen to be typing on a keyboard that is entering it. And so you have to remember either you're going to have to adjust the z shell or the this would work in bash too As adjust your shell configuration everywhere or you just have to remember like, oh, yeah, these shortcuts aren't going to work here because we're not in Kansas anymore. So to speak. Okay. Yeah, I'm not computer anymore, y'all. I, I'm blaming daylight savings. He's just going to go away
As adjust your shell configuration everywhere or you just have to remember like, oh, yeah, these shortcuts aren't going to work here because we're not in Kansas anymore. So to speak. Okay. Yeah, I'm not computer anymore, y'all. I, I'm blaming daylight savings. He's just going to go away daylight savings is the worst. I mean, okay, I try, I try to understand like appreciate in my being that there are people for whom. Okay. So you know seasonal effective disorder, right? Where where people get experience more depression during the winter. Um, for me, it goes the other way
daylight savings is the worst. I mean, okay, I try, I try to understand like appreciate in my being that there are people for whom. Okay. So you know seasonal effective disorder, right? Where where people get experience more depression during the winter. Um, for me, it goes the other way My seasonal effective disorder means that I have more depression in the summer. And I feel great in the winter
My seasonal effective disorder means that I have more depression in the summer. And I feel great in the winter Um, but it's, it's interesting to me because I feel like we don't, we don't have any data on on how people experience their seasonal effective disorder separate from standard time because there are people who say like, oh, I don't like being on standard time because it makes me depressed, you know, whatever
Um, but it's, it's interesting to me because I feel like we don't, we don't have any data on on how people experience their seasonal effective disorder separate from standard time because there are people who say like, oh, I don't like being on standard time because it makes me depressed, you know, whatever But it's like that also occurs when the season changes, right? So how do you know that it's the standard time and not the season control your variables? You know what I mean? So like, there's that
But it's like that also occurs when the season changes, right? So how do you know that it's the standard time and not the season control your variables? You know what I mean? So like, there's that Um, but, but anyway, so people, some people like daylight savings, even if they don't have a seasonal effective disorder, they like daylight savings because they like having more sunlight at the end of the day
Um, but, but anyway, so people, some people like daylight savings, even if they don't have a seasonal effective disorder, they like daylight savings because they like having more sunlight at the end of the day I don't, not only because I hate sunlight, not, not true, but like not only, not only because I'm not a huge sunlight person in the first place, but because for me, like in the winter, I'll have a, an experience like, oh, the day's almost over. Oh, actually, it's only five o'clock
I don't, not only because I hate sunlight, not, not true, but like not only, not only because I'm not a huge sunlight person in the first place, but because for me, like in the winter, I'll have a, an experience like, oh, the day's almost over. Oh, actually, it's only five o'clock Yay, I have all this more time in my day versus in the middle of June. I'll be like, yeah, there's lots of time left. Oh, it's actually nine o'clock. Damn. Fair enough. Fair enough
Yay, I have all this more time in my day versus in the middle of June. I'll be like, yeah, there's lots of time left. Oh, it's actually nine o'clock. Damn. Fair enough. Fair enough Fair enough. That is, that is something I'm still getting used to because in Phoenix, where I grew up and kept moving back to you, there wasn't a daylight savings. Like it just stayed, but the easier way of saying it, it was time
Fair enough. That is, that is something I'm still getting used to because in Phoenix, where I grew up and kept moving back to you, there wasn't a daylight savings. Like it just stayed, but the easier way of saying it, it was time It was that it was moved time zone or and go to specific time, half the time, and mountain time, half the time, but technically, technically, it stayed. And I think that's going to be, it's hard because I've realized, often on again, I have been in Arizona, majority of my life
It was that it was moved time zone or and go to specific time, half the time, and mountain time, half the time, but technically, technically, it stayed. And I think that's going to be, it's hard because I've realized, often on again, I have been in Arizona, majority of my life So, I've only been in Denver for two years. That it's been really hard for me to transition to daylight savings. And I don't think I thought of it beforehand of how much it really does affect me. It's actually super unhealthy. The spring forward in particular, there's really interesting research
So, I've only been in Denver for two years. That it's been really hard for me to transition to daylight savings. And I don't think I thought of it beforehand of how much it really does affect me. It's actually super unhealthy. The spring forward in particular, there's really interesting research Because there's been most people say that they dislike the time change, and they want to just stay on something all year
Because there's been most people say that they dislike the time change, and they want to just stay on something all year But I can't tell whether it's actually a majority of people who want to stay put, whether they want to stay on daylight savings, or whether they're just louder than the people who want to stay on standard. I can't figure it out
But I can't tell whether it's actually a majority of people who want to stay put, whether they want to stay on daylight savings, or whether they're just louder than the people who want to stay on standard. I can't figure it out So, there's a law that, federally, a state is allowed to decide whether they want to do daylight savings or not. You can decide I'm not doing daylight savings. Therefore, I am staying on standard time year round like Arizona does
So, there's a law that, federally, a state is allowed to decide whether they want to do daylight savings or not. You can decide I'm not doing daylight savings. Therefore, I am staying on standard time year round like Arizona does But you are cannot decide I am going to stay on daylight savings time all year round. So, there's been this bill sponsored by Marco Rubio in Florida to make it so that states can decide to stay on daylight saving time. I've only heard of people that want to just not change
But you are cannot decide I am going to stay on daylight savings time all year round. So, there's been this bill sponsored by Marco Rubio in Florida to make it so that states can decide to stay on daylight saving time. I've only heard of people that want to just not change Like, there's not one or the other that they necessarily want to stay on. They just don't want to change anymore. And yeah, Ian just posed. The state has to prove that it will negatively affect the economy making the change
Like, there's not one or the other that they necessarily want to stay on. They just don't want to change anymore. And yeah, Ian just posed. The state has to prove that it will negatively affect the economy making the change And so, Marco Rubio from Florida wants to be, wants states to be allowed to say that they can stay on daylight saving time because there are a lot of golf courses in Florida. And they want people to stay on daylight saving time because people golf after work, not before work
And so, Marco Rubio from Florida wants to be, wants states to be allowed to say that they can stay on daylight saving time because there are a lot of golf courses in Florida. And they want people to stay on daylight saving time because people golf after work, not before work And so, if there's an extra hour of daylight at the end of the day, they can make more money. Weird. It's probably the opposite in Arizona and why they stuck to whatever they stuck with because it's too hot at the end of the day. There's that
And so, if there's an extra hour of daylight at the end of the day, they can make more money. Weird. It's probably the opposite in Arizona and why they stuck to whatever they stuck with because it's too hot at the end of the day. There's that There's that. It's also, it's physically unhealthy because it fucks with your circadian rhythm to be on daylight saving time. And there's more cancer. What are we on right now? Are we on the end time? We just switched to in daylight saving time. And this is the one we don't that fucks with you
There's that. It's also, it's physically unhealthy because it fucks with your circadian rhythm to be on daylight saving time. And there's more cancer. What are we on right now? Are we on the end time? We just switched to in daylight saving time. And this is the one we don't that fucks with you Yeah. I like what Ian and Zen Hobb said. Government bill that supports, oh wait, I forgot the first one, but I think that's like a very fair statement. But Colorado approved a bill that only takes effect once the federal government decides to drop daylight savings
Yeah. I like what Ian and Zen Hobb said. Government bill that supports, oh wait, I forgot the first one, but I think that's like a very fair statement. But Colorado approved a bill that only takes effect once the federal government decides to drop daylight savings And then uh, Zen Hobb incidentally against, I'll first want to do it. I'm blaming you. California has a bill. We approved as voters to stay on daylight saving time year round in 2018, but that only takes effect when the federal one takes effect
And then uh, Zen Hobb incidentally against, I'll first want to do it. I'm blaming you. California has a bill. We approved as voters to stay on daylight saving time year round in 2018, but that only takes effect when the federal one takes effect And Fokai said there was talk about getting rid of it in Norway, but apparently there's a lot of dispute which time to make it standard plus one or plus two. Because like the company our workforce in Finland, I think they're plus two
And Fokai said there was talk about getting rid of it in Norway, but apparently there's a lot of dispute which time to make it standard plus one or plus two. Because like the company our workforce in Finland, I think they're plus two I'll vote that y'all go to plus one because then two plus hours away. Eight hours is easier to deal with than nine hours. It's a round number. That's a very silly reason why, but for some reason eight hours has been a lot easier for me to figure out than nine hours
I'll vote that y'all go to plus one because then two plus hours away. Eight hours is easier to deal with than nine hours. It's a round number. That's a very silly reason why, but for some reason eight hours has been a lot easier for me to figure out than nine hours Maybe just because it's less an hour. I honestly don't know if it's that or just because it's a round number. It's also exactly a third of 24, like you can break 24 into three eight hour segments, but 24 doesn't divide nicely by nine. Is anything? I mean, turn off my hats
Maybe just because it's less an hour. I honestly don't know if it's that or just because it's a round number. It's also exactly a third of 24, like you can break 24 into three eight hour segments, but 24 doesn't divide nicely by nine. Is anything? I mean, turn off my hats Like, whoa, people get that they're like on there to like, you know, help out and stuff. And that's why people subscribe. But like, I thought they would like run an ad like an ad. No, they run like, thought. Yes, they do. Yeah, there will be several ads. And it's the same ones over and over again
Like, whoa, people get that they're like on there to like, you know, help out and stuff. And that's why people subscribe. But like, I thought they would like run an ad like an ad. No, they run like, thought. Yes, they do. Yeah, there will be several ads. And it's the same ones over and over again That's annoying. Like, one ad is something. Okay, well, I hate which ads so much. After this stream, I'll go for her doubt. I feel like I can turn off ads now. I finally got a job and people can subscribe. Like, you know, it's been, it's been a minute, but I got a job. I don't need ads. But yeah
That's annoying. Like, one ad is something. Okay, well, I hate which ads so much. After this stream, I'll go for her doubt. I feel like I can turn off ads now. I finally got a job and people can subscribe. Like, you know, it's been, it's been a minute, but I got a job. I don't need ads. But yeah But yeah. So there's interesting, like a link between cancer incidences and time zones. I'm sorry, I'm laughing because you're saying there's a link between cancer and there was a pause and made me think twitch ads. Yep, twitch ads cause cancer. You heard it here first on miscellaneous Mondays
But yeah. So there's interesting, like a link between cancer incidences and time zones. I'm sorry, I'm laughing because you're saying there's a link between cancer and there was a pause and made me think twitch ads. Yep, twitch ads cause cancer. You heard it here first on miscellaneous Mondays So sorry, what you said is very serious. But it's not worth my head first. Like, I'm gonna go work on my twitch ads to knock on scatzer while you tell us about what's going on in different tapes. Yeah, I'm gonna let me see. I could share my screen with this and that might be maybe useful
So sorry, what you said is very serious. But it's not worth my head first. Like, I'm gonna go work on my twitch ads to knock on scatzer while you tell us about what's going on in different tapes. Yeah, I'm gonna let me see. I could share my screen with this and that might be maybe useful This is gonna have like a nice map. Yeah, it is. Okay, and this is this is really what we want. Open this in a new window. Didn't I hear my dog? No. That's good. Let me know if you can. She sounds like a baby hippo. Okay. Where a cow? Uh-huh. So, anybody hears it? That's what it is. Oh, she left
This is gonna have like a nice map. Yeah, it is. Okay, and this is this is really what we want. Open this in a new window. Didn't I hear my dog? No. That's good. Let me know if you can. She sounds like a baby hippo. Okay. Where a cow? Uh-huh. So, anybody hears it? That's what it is. Oh, she left Oh, she left. No. Oh, well, hi, everyone. I'm still trying to find my twitch settings to deactivate my, yeah, my ads and Laura left. Yeah, Laura's back. I closed the wrong window. Brain is very tired. Okay. I was thinking I'd do it. I was gonna share my screen. Okay. Okay
Oh, she left. No. Oh, well, hi, everyone. I'm still trying to find my twitch settings to deactivate my, yeah, my ads and Laura left. Yeah, Laura's back. I closed the wrong window. Brain is very tired. Okay. I was thinking I'd do it. I was gonna share my screen. Okay. Okay Okay. Okay. And that is where am I here? I'm here. Yes. Okay. Yeah. So we have this map. And so what you can see. Oh, no, this isn't the right map. This is a map just showing the time zones. Hey, let me find what I wanted was the map that shows the incidences
Okay. Okay. And that is where am I here? I'm here. Yes. Okay. Yeah. So we have this map. And so what you can see. Oh, no, this isn't the right map. This is a map just showing the time zones. Hey, let me find what I wanted was the map that shows the incidences Why don't they have the map here? Okay, let's try a different one. I'm kind of just like leaving myself not on you to see when you tell me you actually hear her. I heard something just now. Do we have... oh my god, why are you not showing the map? I'm not showing the map. It was like a..
Why don't they have the map here? Okay, let's try a different one. I'm kind of just like leaving myself not on you to see when you tell me you actually hear her. I heard something just now. Do we have... oh my god, why are you not showing the map? I'm not showing the map. It was like a.. It was like a... Right, okay. So people who live further west in a time zone, they experience fewer days with natural morning light. And that affects that affects your body. And then that... Come on. I like to close you so that I can open a different one
It was like a... Right, okay. So people who live further west in a time zone, they experience fewer days with natural morning light. And that affects that affects your body. And then that... Come on. I like to close you so that I can open a different one Is this one of the ones with the cancers? No. I'm sorry. Maybe we should talk about something else while I find this map because it's super fascinating. Well, I would think that everybody probably stopped watching my stream because of my ads
Is this one of the ones with the cancers? No. I'm sorry. Maybe we should talk about something else while I find this map because it's super fascinating. Well, I would think that everybody probably stopped watching my stream because of my ads So, I feel like we are just having a Miss Munde that is not motivational. This is why we do not call it motivational Monday. Indeed. Damn, which I am very grateful for because... Yeah. Yeah. We're... I'm so annoyed that I can't find this now. Well, I can't find how to turn off my ads yet either
So, I feel like we are just having a Miss Munde that is not motivational. This is why we do not call it motivational Monday. Indeed. Damn, which I am very grateful for because... Yeah. Yeah. We're... I'm so annoyed that I can't find this now. Well, I can't find how to turn off my ads yet either So between the two of us, we are doing great. Yes. Good, good, good. Okay, so let me try... Bye. I'm too... Maybe it's in here. Eh? No. No. Yeah. Plus, they only give me 11 cents. That is not worth giving everyone. I like you're really, really annoying. Ads. This is not worth it
So between the two of us, we are doing great. Yes. Good, good, good. Okay, so let me try... Bye. I'm too... Maybe it's in here. Eh? No. No. Yeah. Plus, they only give me 11 cents. That is not worth giving everyone. I like you're really, really annoying. Ads. This is not worth it Okay, well, I'm just going to go back to the same one that I linked to, even though it doesn't have the map and that's really too bad. But let me make this better. So, um, if you are further west in your timezone, because like the entire timezone, you'll have more..
Okay, well, I'm just going to go back to the same one that I linked to, even though it doesn't have the map and that's really too bad. But let me make this better. So, um, if you are further west in your timezone, because like the entire timezone, you'll have more.... The sun will actually set later in the day for you if you are in the western part of the timezone. Uh, then you are in the eastern part, like the actual light will happen. The light change will happen at a different time, even though you're in the same timezone
.. The sun will actually set later in the day for you if you are in the western part of the timezone. Uh, then you are in the eastern part, like the actual light will happen. The light change will happen at a different time, even though you're in the same timezone Because the earth is not actually cut up into those chunks, right? We made them up. Is the way that it goes. And so, um, the alignment goes wrong with the circadian, circadian rhythms
Because the earth is not actually cut up into those chunks, right? We made them up. Is the way that it goes. And so, um, the alignment goes wrong with the circadian, circadian rhythms So that's going to be true, like for time zones in general, but it gets way worse when you add in daylight savings. Um, hmm. Phew. Good news. I think I got them turned off. No more ads. I don't know. We'll find out. If people get ads, please let me know so I can think I turned them off
So that's going to be true, like for time zones in general, but it gets way worse when you add in daylight savings. Um, hmm. Phew. Good news. I think I got them turned off. No more ads. I don't know. We'll find out. If people get ads, please let me know so I can think I turned them off Because that and Fakai, thank you for telling me, because, uh, 25, 20, 15 is annoying. I thought it would be like maybe one. We could say all a 32nd one, but three in a row. And you can't skip them. They're not like YouTube. You can't skip them. Yep
Because that and Fakai, thank you for telling me, because, uh, 25, 20, 15 is annoying. I thought it would be like maybe one. We could say all a 32nd one, but three in a row. And you can't skip them. They're not like YouTube. You can't skip them. Yep Yep. Um, anyway, so, so yeah, the our bodies are designed for standard time. Uh, standard time, standard time meets our bodies, natural circadian rhythms. And um, daylight savings time moves it. And that actually fucks with your health
Yep. Um, anyway, so, so yeah, the our bodies are designed for standard time. Uh, standard time, standard time meets our bodies, natural circadian rhythms. And um, daylight savings time moves it. And that actually fucks with your health Um, and so to be, if we did move permanently to daylight savings time instead of standard time, we would actually have more cancer, more heart disease
Um, and so to be, if we did move permanently to daylight savings time instead of standard time, we would actually have more cancer, more heart disease All of these things would be worse because we would be, um, permanently on the time time paradigm that fucks us up instead of permanently on the one that doesn't fuck us up. That is crazy. That's banana. It's not, it's not like it just gets better once you adjust
All of these things would be worse because we would be, um, permanently on the time time paradigm that fucks us up instead of permanently on the one that doesn't fuck us up. That is crazy. That's banana. It's not, it's not like it just gets better once you adjust Like it's not like jet lag where it gets better once you adjust. You may not, you don't notice that your circadian rhythm is wrong, but your body knows. And so like over time, it increases your risk for various types of, of cancers and stuff
Like it's not like jet lag where it gets better once you adjust. You may not, you don't notice that your circadian rhythm is wrong, but your body knows. And so like over time, it increases your risk for various types of, of cancers and stuff The advocate I got was actually an, uh, for a shampoo ad that they already use. I like that. That is, that is, you know, I get a lot of those ads of things I already use. And I'm like, that's not, I mean, I'm not mad at least. I like that, but that doesn't help make you any money. Yes
The advocate I got was actually an, uh, for a shampoo ad that they already use. I like that. That is, that is, you know, I get a lot of those ads of things I already use. And I'm like, that's not, I mean, I'm not mad at least. I like that, but that doesn't help make you any money. Yes Yes. Because I already use it. Although there are sparkly gold boots that I am not buying yet. I will probably buy them at some point. I wish they had sparkly gold dog mountains. They do not. So eventually, eventually. But I figured I lie stream more than anything, more than in person events
Yes. Because I already use it. Although there are sparkly gold boots that I am not buying yet. I will probably buy them at some point. I wish they had sparkly gold dog mountains. They do not. So eventually, eventually. But I figured I lie stream more than anything, more than in person events So I can't really justify something for shoes. If they were glasses, I feel like I could have like just buy that one. Rationalized it. Do you have to rationalize having shoes that you like? Yeah, I have a lot of shoes that I don't wear because I work from home and I never really go out
So I can't really justify something for shoes. If they were glasses, I feel like I could have like just buy that one. Rationalized it. Do you have to rationalize having shoes that you like? Yeah, I have a lot of shoes that I don't wear because I work from home and I never really go out Well, as we talked about, I leave the house when I travel. And that's it. More of just like, in plus, I don't know if they're comfortable. And I wish I could wear heels because they are pretty. They are very pretty. And I can't because they're not comfortable. So
Well, as we talked about, I leave the house when I travel. And that's it. More of just like, in plus, I don't know if they're comfortable. And I wish I could wear heels because they are pretty. They are very pretty. And I can't because they're not comfortable. So So. Okay, my dog is like yelling at me. Oh, I don't know why she's an old lady. I, um, I used to wear high heels a lot. And when I stopped wearing them, I developed some foot problems from no longer wearing high heels because my arches are really, are really high
So. Okay, my dog is like yelling at me. Oh, I don't know why she's an old lady. I, um, I used to wear high heels a lot. And when I stopped wearing them, I developed some foot problems from no longer wearing high heels because my arches are really, are really high And so, um, I switched, like when I stopped wearing high heels, I started wearing flats. And so there was nothing supporting my arches. I also have extraordinarily wide feet. I have hobbit feet without the fur. Like, they're really not very long. They're almost square. I mean, not really
And so, um, I switched, like when I stopped wearing high heels, I started wearing flats. And so there was nothing supporting my arches. I also have extraordinarily wide feet. I have hobbit feet without the fur. Like, they're really not very long. They're almost square. I mean, not really I mean, not really. But like, um, they're really short and really wide. Oh, I think you're muted. Oh, no, I was needing because of the dog, but I'm over here laughing. Don't worry. My, my feet are a size seven in length and a between a 10 and a half and 11 in width. I'm horrible at sizes
I mean, not really. But like, um, they're really short and really wide. Oh, I think you're muted. Oh, no, I was needing because of the dog, but I'm over here laughing. Don't worry. My, my feet are a size seven in length and a between a 10 and a half and 11 in width. I'm horrible at sizes So we're going to go with that doesn't sound great. But yes, it's a huge difference. Like, that's all you need to know, right? Is that that's like three and a half to four full sizes difference between the length and the width. And an old loss had to have surgery
So we're going to go with that doesn't sound great. But yes, it's a huge difference. Like, that's all you need to know, right? Is that that's like three and a half to four full sizes difference between the length and the width. And an old loss had to have surgery Hip surgery because she wore heels for so long that when she switched a flat, it caused type of issues. Interesting. Because your, uh, your calf is not as long as it would be if you were in flats. In the front of the lake. Okay. Something like, okay. And it affected her hip
Hip surgery because she wore heels for so long that when she switched a flat, it caused type of issues. Interesting. Because your, uh, your calf is not as long as it would be if you were in flats. In the front of the lake. Okay. Something like, okay. And it affected her hip But I can tell you that I'm pretty brain dead. Or today. And I know we've been on repeat. So other than Hobbit feet. Anything else you want to cover today before we start wrapping? No, I, um, I got to wrap anyway. I guess because it's, it's actually almost noon and I have a thing going pretty soon
But I can tell you that I'm pretty brain dead. Or today. And I know we've been on repeat. So other than Hobbit feet. Anything else you want to cover today before we start wrapping? No, I, um, I got to wrap anyway. I guess because it's, it's actually almost noon and I have a thing going pretty soon Yay. Yay. Well, thank you for coming for joining us today. And if you're still here, thank you for joining us well. And I am ready to go take a nap because I'm really brain dead. And it's the perks of waking up so early to, you know, work with people and things. And this is really early there
Yay. Yay. Well, thank you for coming for joining us today. And if you're still here, thank you for joining us well. And I am ready to go take a nap because I'm really brain dead. And it's the perks of waking up so early to, you know, work with people and things. And this is really early there So well, enjoy the rest of your day. And I agree with you.
So well, enjoy the rest of your day. And I agree with you.