Hello, hello beautiful humans. Welcome to another episode of Teach Shandak. Today we have Lucia here and I'm excited and nervous and anxious and going back to the excited bit about what we're talking about today. So yeah, that's what I like to do when I'm feeling anxious It's like my anxious or I'm actually just like really excited to do this. I'm Lucia searching. I am a developer advocate at Conflict and I guess I could put a link in the live stream. I'm wondering what that is. But I'm here to talk to you today about Apache Kafka
It's like my anxious or I'm actually just like really excited to do this. I'm Lucia searching. I am a developer advocate at Conflict and I guess I could put a link in the live stream. I'm wondering what that is. But I'm here to talk to you today about Apache Kafka We'll get an intro on what basic structure is and then we'll run through working with a little app in the cloud. So yeah, I'm excited for that and I'm also excited to be here with Jen. We both came into tech from non-tech backgrounds. So we have a lot in common there
We'll get an intro on what basic structure is and then we'll run through working with a little app in the cloud. So yeah, I'm excited for that and I'm also excited to be here with Jen. We both came into tech from non-tech backgrounds. So we have a lot in common there I used to be an elementary school teacher and I love bringing that like teaching spirit tech because I find it's just really fun to learn something new and then turn around and share it with everybody else now. And thank you Ben for the sub
I used to be an elementary school teacher and I love bringing that like teaching spirit tech because I find it's just really fun to learn something new and then turn around and share it with everybody else now. And thank you Ben for the sub I appreciate it and yay and hi and it's not showing in stream here but for some reason but Ben Meyer said hi. I love that. Yeah. And yes, one of the OGs of the stream, they were one of my very first guests and original people that always push me to go forward. So I appreciate it then
I appreciate it and yay and hi and it's not showing in stream here but for some reason but Ben Meyer said hi. I love that. Yeah. And yes, one of the OGs of the stream, they were one of my very first guests and original people that always push me to go forward. So I appreciate it then And yes, Lucy and I both. I like to say I was tech adjacent because I've always been in tech sales or support but never like the nitty-gritty of like yoga, bilgit. I wouldn't have no idea. So I knew all the lingo but I didn't know like how to actually do something. Gotcha
And yes, Lucy and I both. I like to say I was tech adjacent because I've always been in tech sales or support but never like the nitty-gritty of like yoga, bilgit. I wouldn't have no idea. So I knew all the lingo but I didn't know like how to actually do something. Gotcha Gotcha. How did you go from being teacher to tech? Yeah, so I spent four years teaching in elementary school and I was teaching mostly like two to ten year olds how to read
Gotcha. How did you go from being teacher to tech? Yeah, so I spent four years teaching in elementary school and I was teaching mostly like two to ten year olds how to read So my specialization was like in helping people with learning differences and disabilities get up to speed on reading for their grade level. And I decided to go
So my specialization was like in helping people with learning differences and disabilities get up to speed on reading for their grade level. And I decided to go I knew I wanted to go into something that had kind of like a makers aspect to it and at that point and I did end up going into something tech adjacent right. I was a in digital marketing for a little bit
I knew I wanted to go into something that had kind of like a makers aspect to it and at that point and I did end up going into something tech adjacent right. I was a in digital marketing for a little bit Yeah, one of my contracts was with Sass and I was talking to their CEO who did a lot of the coding because it was a small company and I was like I kind of want to do the coding part. Yeah, so then from there I signed up for like an online boot camp
Yeah, one of my contracts was with Sass and I was talking to their CEO who did a lot of the coding because it was a small company and I was like I kind of want to do the coding part. Yeah, so then from there I signed up for like an online boot camp That was in 2020 and got my first job at a startup that helped with like hosted GraphQL APIs and Federation and and fun stuff and very cool. Yeah, from there I moved to conflict where I'm working on spreading the good news patchy Kafka. Nice, nice
That was in 2020 and got my first job at a startup that helped with like hosted GraphQL APIs and Federation and and fun stuff and very cool. Yeah, from there I moved to conflict where I'm working on spreading the good news patchy Kafka. Nice, nice Nice, nice. Okay, well, I feel like and this is really interesting because I was totally going to put out this tweet yesterday and low and behold, this happened of I want to see how many previous teachers or professors I can get on the stream. Whoo, there you go. I think I think I'm up to four
Nice, nice. Okay, well, I feel like and this is really interesting because I was totally going to put out this tweet yesterday and low and behold, this happened of I want to see how many previous teachers or professors I can get on the stream. Whoo, there you go. I think I think I'm up to four I think the car he was, Laura was, you were, I feel like there's another one that I'm missing. But how many can I get on the stream? Oh, Anthony, Anthony, I don't remember now. But it's going to be Anthony Campolo. Yeah. Good question. I know there was music. Hi, Anthony, this is feelings
I think the car he was, Laura was, you were, I feel like there's another one that I'm missing. But how many can I get on the stream? Oh, Anthony, Anthony, I don't remember now. But it's going to be Anthony Campolo. Yeah. Good question. I know there was music. Hi, Anthony, this is feelings I always call them there. You know people's laughing. So I just call them their Twitter handle. So it's Anthony, AJC Web Dev. Right. Ramon, Ola, soy milk. Yeah, that's the last answer to their handle
I always call them there. You know people's laughing. So I just call them their Twitter handle. So it's Anthony, AJC Web Dev. Right. Ramon, Ola, soy milk. Yeah, that's the last answer to their handle No, I would say that like for me breaking into tech was very, I worked at Verizon when I found some antaroids came out and had to build that and reteach it. And then I worked at GoDaddy for quite some time and how to build, like understand, like, it's crazy. I don't know if they still do it
No, I would say that like for me breaking into tech was very, I worked at Verizon when I found some antaroids came out and had to build that and reteach it. And then I worked at GoDaddy for quite some time and how to build, like understand, like, it's crazy. I don't know if they still do it But it's like a five week course where if you don't pass the final test, they'll pay you for the training, but then you don't get hired. I'm like, oh, dude, I was, I think I like made it by one question and I guessed on the question. So I'm very, very grateful
But it's like a five week course where if you don't pass the final test, they'll pay you for the training, but then you don't get hired. I'm like, oh, dude, I was, I think I like made it by one question and I guessed on the question. So I'm very, very grateful I got the job and it's cool because that gave me a bit more experience. You were asking offline. But if I was from like web development, not necessarily because I worked in the email department
I got the job and it's cool because that gave me a bit more experience. You were asking offline. But if I was from like web development, not necessarily because I worked in the email department And then I worked in the hosting department, but not ever knowing how to like build a website or anything. It was more of just like how to troubleshoot what was there. And new concepts, but not like my sequel was a thing. I knew it was called a database
And then I worked in the hosting department, but not ever knowing how to like build a website or anything. It was more of just like how to troubleshoot what was there. And new concepts, but not like my sequel was a thing. I knew it was called a database Did I know how to build what to do with it or anything like that? No. Right. But it's time it sounds like you were learning to adjust to like new concepts very quickly and how to ramp up on new ideas there. That is very true. And I think that is something that I feel very, very grateful for
Did I know how to build what to do with it or anything like that? No. Right. But it's time it sounds like you were learning to adjust to like new concepts very quickly and how to ramp up on new ideas there. That is very true. And I think that is something that I feel very, very grateful for It's also something that I intern in video production and to this day, to this day, me and a camera on manual does not make sense. It just doesn't make sense. I have taken multiple camera courses. I interned as a videographer. Still does not make sense
It's also something that I intern in video production and to this day, to this day, me and a camera on manual does not make sense. It just doesn't make sense. I have taken multiple camera courses. I interned as a videographer. Still does not make sense And I'm just like, you know what? That is Anthony, did you know we were talking about you? Anthony, did you used to be a teacher? We were talking about you. I like to call him my internet big brother. And then I call a remote my internet best friend
And I'm just like, you know what? That is Anthony, did you know we were talking about you? Anthony, did you used to be a teacher? We were talking about you. I like to call him my internet big brother. And then I call a remote my internet best friend Okay, I'm going to keep talking because I know it can take forever for replies. But it also is something that, oh, they're not showing up in stream yard. Yes. Anthony said, yes, Ben, yes. Okay. All of the things, all the things. That is true. That is true, Anthony
Okay, I'm going to keep talking because I know it can take forever for replies. But it also is something that, oh, they're not showing up in stream yard. Yes. Anthony said, yes, Ben, yes. Okay. All of the things, all the things. That is true. That is true, Anthony I do talk about you a lot, especially because when we're talking about breaking into tech, Anthony was one of the first people to like introduce me to others. Anthony and Ramon. And yes, right. There are at least four teachers now. And also, yes, Ben. Yes, just hands down
I do talk about you a lot, especially because when we're talking about breaking into tech, Anthony was one of the first people to like introduce me to others. Anthony and Ramon. And yes, right. There are at least four teachers now. And also, yes, Ben. Yes, just hands down You are a lot of guidance. I really should, yes. That is such a good explanation of Ben. You are my internet, Germany cricket because you always are kind. Yeah, call me out on when I don't do things accessible. And it's hard to remember it all and I appreciate it. And, oh, you guys know each other
You are a lot of guidance. I really should, yes. That is such a good explanation of Ben. You are my internet, Germany cricket because you always are kind. Yeah, call me out on when I don't do things accessible. And it's hard to remember it all and I appreciate it. And, oh, you guys know each other Yeah, I know. Way back. Way back. Oh, no, I'm curious. Yeah, no, we worked together at a small startup. So, yeah, nice. Nice. Well, Anthony, she could actually say your last name. I still say, Anthony, a JC Web Dev. So, yeah. Now, Anthony, it's me to live streaming. So very grateful. Nice
Yeah, I know. Way back. Way back. Oh, no, I'm curious. Yeah, no, we worked together at a small startup. So, yeah, nice. Nice. Well, Anthony, she could actually say your last name. I still say, Anthony, a JC Web Dev. So, yeah. Now, Anthony, it's me to live streaming. So very grateful. Nice Nice. Look at you, Anthony Bravo. And yeah, I, I get that. I do get it. That it's camp like campaign in Olo, like water polo. It doesn't register when somebody asks me what your last name is. It starts with a C. And then it's like a blank address with the letters
Nice. Look at you, Anthony Bravo. And yeah, I, I get that. I do get it. That it's camp like campaign in Olo, like water polo. It doesn't register when somebody asks me what your last name is. It starts with a C. And then it's like a blank address with the letters So, I could put a sticky note on my computer, but that'd be weird. So, we're just going to go with that
So, I could put a sticky note on my computer, but that'd be weird. So, we're just going to go with that Now, this is something that you were talking about offline, Lucia, of like, how did you get into like breaking down really big like topics and concepts? Did it, was it specifically going through like a bootcamp that did it or how did you start being able to conceptualize this stuff
Now, this is something that you were talking about offline, Lucia, of like, how did you get into like breaking down really big like topics and concepts? Did it, was it specifically going through like a bootcamp that did it or how did you start being able to conceptualize this stuff Yeah, no, it's, that's a great question
Yeah, no, it's, that's a great question I don't know if it was necessarily going through a bootcamp, introduce me to this specific topic of tech, right? And web development with JavaScript and Python. But it comes to breaking stuff down. It's hard
I don't know if it was necessarily going through a bootcamp, introduce me to this specific topic of tech, right? And web development with JavaScript and Python. But it comes to breaking stuff down. It's hard It's hard. Like, I remember, I think it was just kind of like a lot of self-reflection on how I learned, which is maybe, maybe if I share that, I'll be helpful with other people
It's hard. Like, I remember, I think it was just kind of like a lot of self-reflection on how I learned, which is maybe, maybe if I share that, I'll be helpful with other people But, you know, when I was say like first learning about things, even in like college, I would kind of get bogged down in details
But, you know, when I was say like first learning about things, even in like college, I would kind of get bogged down in details And I wouldn't necessarily look for their common threads and things, so I'd end up memorizing a lot of stuff, which like, you know, in tech, nobody wants to memorize stuff
And I wouldn't necessarily look for their common threads and things, so I'd end up memorizing a lot of stuff, which like, you know, in tech, nobody wants to memorize stuff But then I started realizing like in a common thread of things that I, as I started becoming comfortable with different concepts in different areas, like, say, when I was learning to teach students how to read, I learned how to teach them how to read using one method
But then I started realizing like in a common thread of things that I, as I started becoming comfortable with different concepts in different areas, like, say, when I was learning to teach students how to read, I learned how to teach them how to read using one method And then I learned a different like specific method and then by somebody else, you know, at a different time. And then I learned a third method. And by that point, I was like, okay, I'm seeing the common threads here. I'm starting to see what kinds of teaching methods would fit whichever students
And then I learned a different like specific method and then by somebody else, you know, at a different time. And then I learned a third method. And by that point, I was like, okay, I'm seeing the common threads here. I'm starting to see what kinds of teaching methods would fit whichever students And for me, it is to take like three different implementations of an idea to start really understanding the root concepts and separating that out from the details. So, similarly, in tech, you know, I was familiar with building JavaScript APIs and building Python APIs
And for me, it is to take like three different implementations of an idea to start really understanding the root concepts and separating that out from the details. So, similarly, in tech, you know, I was familiar with building JavaScript APIs and building Python APIs And then one day I was like, I'm going to do a going tutorial. And then all of a sudden, all of these things that rest APIs hadn't common were jumping out at me, like, you know, the paradigms with the crud applications. And it's all these terms that you hear thrown around
And then one day I was like, I'm going to do a going tutorial. And then all of a sudden, all of these things that rest APIs hadn't common were jumping out at me, like, you know, the paradigms with the crud applications. And it's all these terms that you hear thrown around But then you really concretize what that means for yourself when you start like actually working with the material. Interesting. And I love that you break that down. It's definitely something that people keep replying. People keep applying. But, Karie, where you would teach her, I need to know
But then you really concretize what that means for yourself when you start like actually working with the material. Interesting. And I love that you break that down. It's definitely something that people keep replying. People keep applying. But, Karie, where you would teach her, I need to know I know. I think you said you were. I know he ran boot camps. Does that count? I think that counts. And then if that counts, then Ian, we're up to five. Five teacher professor boot camp runners. I'm seeing how many I can get on the shelf. Yeah. See? Yes. Yes. I'm starting to remember these things
I know. I think you said you were. I know he ran boot camps. Does that count? I think that counts. And then if that counts, then Ian, we're up to five. Five teacher professor boot camp runners. I'm seeing how many I can get on the shelf. Yeah. See? Yes. Yes. I'm starting to remember these things Two, your point about seeing patterns and starting to bring that up. And you talk about reading, which I did not realize this, but I am. We'll change the terminology of it. I am wonderfully dyslexic. And also really annoyed all the time when I have to read
Two, your point about seeing patterns and starting to bring that up. And you talk about reading, which I did not realize this, but I am. We'll change the terminology of it. I am wonderfully dyslexic. And also really annoyed all the time when I have to read So, yeah, like having to read these these comments out loud is always really hard. But, remote, like when we first started streaming, it was like, Jen, you got to do it and you'll get better. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. Good thing I don't have to read right now. Different fonts help you out
So, yeah, like having to read these these comments out loud is always really hard. But, remote, like when we first started streaming, it was like, Jen, you got to do it and you'll get better. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. Good thing I don't have to read right now. Different fonts help you out Really? Because it's more of, I would say for myself, it's a lot of mixing, like the fonts, yeah, they can help, but I still skip words or I still skip letters. So there's plenty of times, especially when I am writing, I will just like skip words all together
Really? Because it's more of, I would say for myself, it's a lot of mixing, like the fonts, yeah, they can help, but I still skip words or I still skip letters. So there's plenty of times, especially when I am writing, I will just like skip words all together And I'm just like, oh, that, that would have, that would have helped. Well, we'll get there. Maybe it's concepts and like patterns are one thing that really, really stuck out to me. And I subconsciously was doing, but didn't realize until two of the concepts that you mentioned, which are APIs
And I'm just like, oh, that, that would have, that would have helped. Well, we'll get there. Maybe it's concepts and like patterns are one thing that really, really stuck out to me. And I subconsciously was doing, but didn't realize until two of the concepts that you mentioned, which are APIs I used to work for an API company. And I, to the say, like I get what an API is, yet I really struggle with the fact of like remembering what rest is and all the different parts of it. Like we've had, we've done APIs on Teach Gentak
I used to work for an API company. And I, to the say, like I get what an API is, yet I really struggle with the fact of like remembering what rest is and all the different parts of it. Like we've had, we've done APIs on Teach Gentak So I believe in two weeks in from Postman is going to come on and talk like very basics of APIs. I'm so excited because I'm like, I need a refresher. It's been a while. And yes, we are talking, is it Kafka or Kafka? It's Kafka. Kafka. Yeah. Like, Kafka. Yeah
So I believe in two weeks in from Postman is going to come on and talk like very basics of APIs. I'm so excited because I'm like, I need a refresher. It's been a while. And yes, we are talking, is it Kafka or Kafka? It's Kafka. Kafka. Yeah. Like, Kafka. Yeah Like, Kafka. Yeah. Like, is it like a tomato tomato thing or? Good question. I think it's, well, so it was named because Kafka producers, which we'll talk about in a second, are great at writing at like high throughput. I'm low latency. It was named after Franz Kafka, the writer
Like, Kafka. Yeah. Like, is it like a tomato tomato thing or? Good question. I think it's, well, so it was named because Kafka producers, which we'll talk about in a second, are great at writing at like high throughput. I'm low latency. It was named after Franz Kafka, the writer And so since most people, who might have heard refer to him as Kafka instead of Kafka, but I personally, I'm not going to like come after you if you call it Kafka. I think I keep calling it at both and every single time I say it, but it's also together. Yeah
And so since most people, who might have heard refer to him as Kafka instead of Kafka, but I personally, I'm not going to like come after you if you call it Kafka. I think I keep calling it at both and every single time I say it, but it's also together. Yeah Yeah. Because like, it's also like my last name is Juno, but everybody says, Junod, because America. And so I think that's the other thing that goes through my head. I'm like, Kafka, Kafka. Kafka, Kafka. Whatever. Yes, yes. And Laura, I dig it
Yeah. Because like, it's also like my last name is Juno, but everybody says, Junod, because America. And so I think that's the other thing that goes through my head. I'm like, Kafka, Kafka. Kafka, Kafka. Whatever. Yes, yes. And Laura, I dig it She is not dyslexic, but she, like, thinks we get smart like fast. It's crazy. And yes, Bacari, I agree with that one. And Kafka is the Midwestard version. Okay, this is me not knowing how to sound out my words. So I'm just going to I don't, maybe it's Kafka. Okay
She is not dyslexic, but she, like, thinks we get smart like fast. It's crazy. And yes, Bacari, I agree with that one. And Kafka is the Midwestard version. Okay, this is me not knowing how to sound out my words. So I'm just going to I don't, maybe it's Kafka. Okay Okay. So tell us about the scary thing we are learning today. Yeah. Yeah. Very exciting. Very exciting. So Apache Kafka is an event streaming platform. It's open stores distributed. There's a lot of different uses cases. So you can use it for event driven applications
Okay. So tell us about the scary thing we are learning today. Yeah. Yeah. Very exciting. Very exciting. So Apache Kafka is an event streaming platform. It's open stores distributed. There's a lot of different uses cases. So you can use it for event driven applications And that's basically we're going to get started on doing one of those today. You can also use it for constructing things like data pipelines. There's even, I don't know much about this, but you can do it. Use it for like modernizing your mainframe
And that's basically we're going to get started on doing one of those today. You can also use it for constructing things like data pipelines. There's even, I don't know much about this, but you can do it. Use it for like modernizing your mainframe Basically, anything where you need to move a lot of data very quickly as a good use case for Apache Kafka. So first of all, do you have any, I'm going to stop and see if we can have any questions about that
Basically, anything where you need to move a lot of data very quickly as a good use case for Apache Kafka. So first of all, do you have any, I'm going to stop and see if we can have any questions about that And then we can, I was just going to say that I'm guessing you're going to break down like half the words you just said and ask through there. So I wasn't going to go too worried about it because as many of you know, I got a new job. Finally, yay. I work at IWish. Which is data infrastructure
And then we can, I was just going to say that I'm guessing you're going to break down like half the words you just said and ask through there. So I wasn't going to go too worried about it because as many of you know, I got a new job. Finally, yay. I work at IWish. Which is data infrastructure And we also do things with Kafka and Flink and a whole bunch of other things. And one of the things that are said often is like event driven or event stream. And I'm like, what? It does the thing. It does the thing. And that is why I have to teach Shintaq is to learn these things. Yeah
And we also do things with Kafka and Flink and a whole bunch of other things. And one of the things that are said often is like event driven or event stream. And I'm like, what? It does the thing. It does the thing. And that is why I have to teach Shintaq is to learn these things. Yeah Yeah. So let's focus in on that term event. Right. So an event is a thing that happens. Which is, that's not going to be news to many people. But in Kafka, there were participants represented by key and a value. And they usually also have a timestamp. That's important to mention
Yeah. So let's focus in on that term event. Right. So an event is a thing that happens. Which is, that's not going to be news to many people. But in Kafka, there were participants represented by key and a value. And they usually also have a timestamp. That's important to mention And so one of the things that I was a little bit confused by when I was first learning about events was like, okay, what makes these special, right? Because it's people are telling me it's events are replacing like objects and that just makes everything great. And it's an adventure
And so one of the things that I was a little bit confused by when I was first learning about events was like, okay, what makes these special, right? Because it's people are telling me it's events are replacing like objects and that just makes everything great. And it's an adventure But I have to know what is it like? Because it, you know, with events they are often encoded in JSON or app raw, which is like JSON with special rules. And that kind of looks like an object, right? But what makes it different is how events are handled in the event trip and applications
But I have to know what is it like? Because it, you know, with events they are often encoded in JSON or app raw, which is like JSON with special rules. And that kind of looks like an object, right? But what makes it different is how events are handled in the event trip and applications So with say you were like, I know, coding like a wide share app and you had an object that was like represented a request from a user. And you want to represent a new request. So send a request, the API for that object and it comes back. That's one pattern
So with say you were like, I know, coding like a wide share app and you had an object that was like represented a request from a user. And you want to represent a new request. So send a request, the API for that object and it comes back. That's one pattern That's one pattern. But when it comes to events, that event is a new update in an event streaming application. And it's part of like a subscriber subscribe to it. So as soon as that event happens, the subscriber reacts to it. So it's a different pattern of designing applications
That's one pattern. But when it comes to events, that event is a new update in an event streaming application. And it's part of like a subscriber subscribe to it. So as soon as that event happens, the subscriber reacts to it. So it's a different pattern of designing applications We're going to go with yeah. And the head of the game. But yeah. So events are stored. I'm going to use these like beads that my daughter uses. Each of these beads is like an event. There is stored in something that's called a topic. And the underlying data structure for topic is a log
We're going to go with yeah. And the head of the game. But yeah. So events are stored. I'm going to use these like beads that my daughter uses. Each of these beads is like an event. There is stored in something that's called a topic. And the underlying data structure for topic is a log And you can't change the events once they're in the log. So it's I don't I don't know enough about blockchain to answer you on that. It is in the fact that like once it's there, you can't change it whatsoever
And you can't change the events once they're in the log. So it's I don't I don't know enough about blockchain to answer you on that. It is in the fact that like once it's there, you can't change it whatsoever Like you know how like in a website, you can go back and change something and then publish in blockchain. You can change something. But it's going to create a new block instead of just replacing what's there. Right
Like you know how like in a website, you can go back and change something and then publish in blockchain. You can change something. But it's going to create a new block instead of just replacing what's there. Right Right. So like filter out all of the like circles on this topic to like make a new one based on this one. So it's that's like there is a similarity there. Yep. Okay. So you also like can't delete one of these events. That's that's another
Right. So like filter out all of the like circles on this topic to like make a new one based on this one. So it's that's like there is a similarity there. Yep. Okay. So you also like can't delete one of these events. That's that's another So I was coming from like a GraphQL world where like literally everything is mutable and deleteable. So it's like oh that's that's new. The other thing about topics is that they are split up into partitions. So it's like if you have like two logs here, let me see it. Move them on the screen
So I was coming from like a GraphQL world where like literally everything is mutable and deleteable. So it's like oh that's that's new. The other thing about topics is that they are split up into partitions. So it's like if you have like two logs here, let me see it. Move them on the screen And these partitions, each of them can go live on a different server. And that makes Kafka very performant. So I have a coworker this morning. We're talking about this like what is it about partitions? It's an excellent performance. And my coworker's name is Chris Jenkins
And these partitions, each of them can go live on a different server. And that makes Kafka very performant. So I have a coworker this morning. We're talking about this like what is it about partitions? It's an excellent performance. And my coworker's name is Chris Jenkins Jenkins came up with a great example for for why partitions make apps so performant. And basically said he's like think about sending out like emails or SMSes. Now sometimes the servers for those can be very slow. And you might only be able to send one outbound message per second
Jenkins came up with a great example for for why partitions make apps so performant. And basically said he's like think about sending out like emails or SMSes. Now sometimes the servers for those can be very slow. And you might only be able to send one outbound message per second So think about what that means for an hour. You're limited to 3600 messages. Given that that's the number of seconds of an hour, right? That's what if your business is larger than that, right? So in Kafka, if you have like 10 partitions in a topic and you have 10. So I need to back up a little bit
So think about what that means for an hour. You're limited to 3600 messages. Given that that's the number of seconds of an hour, right? That's what if your business is larger than that, right? So in Kafka, if you have like 10 partitions in a topic and you have 10. So I need to back up a little bit It's like a published Shipscribes system. So you have publishers called producers and subscribers, which will register and read those events like calls. Let's go. Yeah. Yeah. That actually made it really funny because it is blockchain because you, Lucie, did have block. Yes. No. No
It's like a published Shipscribes system. So you have publishers called producers and subscribers, which will register and read those events like calls. Let's go. Yeah. Yeah. That actually made it really funny because it is blockchain because you, Lucie, did have block. Yes. No. No Yes. No. No. But yes, it was always about these analogies that that is not perfect. So I was trying to find the perfect like partition and analogy. But you had a question. But just on blockchain, you can't delete either. So that one is very similar as well. Okay
Yes. No. No. But yes, it was always about these analogies that that is not perfect. So I was trying to find the perfect like partition and analogy. But you had a question. But just on blockchain, you can't delete either. So that one is very similar as well. Okay Okay. So I think this is also when we were talking about earlier, like really difficult topics and concepts, a lot of what is hard to learn or all the new words or words that you know, but needing something else in tech. Yeah. It's not my favorite. It is like my least favorite. Yeah
Okay. So I think this is also when we were talking about earlier, like really difficult topics and concepts, a lot of what is hard to learn or all the new words or words that you know, but needing something else in tech. Yeah. It's not my favorite. It is like my least favorite. Yeah Yeah. Naming things is hard, right? And sometimes in tech, like people, like, will pick a cute name very quickly. And then just and exactly work out for like helping people understand this. And y'all may have seen me look down quite a bit
Yeah. Naming things is hard, right? And sometimes in tech, like people, like, will pick a cute name very quickly. And then just and exactly work out for like helping people understand this. And y'all may have seen me look down quite a bit I am taking very random notes to try to like keep up and understand. And okay. So what is a topic? Right. So the topic is that log of events. Okay. And it could be like emails, right? Or in that ride share app example, it could be like ride requests requests. Okay. That made sense
I am taking very random notes to try to like keep up and understand. And okay. So what is a topic? Right. So the topic is that log of events. Okay. And it could be like emails, right? Or in that ride share app example, it could be like ride requests requests. Okay. That made sense That made sense. So before we go to partitions, what were you saying about subscribers and what? Right. So let's let's back up the whole I got into the example too quickly. Let's back up the whole bus and get into. Yeah. So Kafka is an example of facing example of a pub subsystem
That made sense. So before we go to partitions, what were you saying about subscribers and what? Right. So let's let's back up the whole I got into the example too quickly. Let's back up the whole bus and get into. Yeah. So Kafka is an example of facing example of a pub subsystem So and that what that is is basically it's a system where the publishers of data don't have to be connected to the subscribers through the things that are reading the data. They're decoupled entirely. There's like a central place where the messages are published and read and Kafka. That's a topic
So and that what that is is basically it's a system where the publishers of data don't have to be connected to the subscribers through the things that are reading the data. They're decoupled entirely. There's like a central place where the messages are published and read and Kafka. That's a topic That's a topic. Now those publishers and Kafka are called producers and those subscribers and Kafka are called consumers. And it's important to remember with consumers. Consumers sounds like it's eating it, right? It's not actually consuming it
That's a topic. Now those publishers and Kafka are called producers and those subscribers and Kafka are called consumers. And it's important to remember with consumers. Consumers sounds like it's eating it, right? It's not actually consuming it So once a consumer consumes an event from a topic, that event remains on the topic. And two consumers can read two events from the same topic at the same time. Do do okay. Partitioning thing, which we'll get into in a second. So I'm going to stop here. Really quick
So once a consumer consumes an event from a topic, that event remains on the topic. And two consumers can read two events from the same topic at the same time. Do do okay. Partitioning thing, which we'll get into in a second. So I'm going to stop here. Really quick Really quick. Anthony, I'm actually looking at getting an iPad that I'm hoping I can also screen share if needed like during this type of example. So that way I can draw things out when people are talking because I don't type fast. Wow, that would be awesome
Really quick. Anthony, I'm actually looking at getting an iPad that I'm hoping I can also screen share if needed like during this type of example. So that way I can draw things out when people are talking because I don't type fast. Wow, that would be awesome That would really help me understand too like the quality of the applications. Yeah. And then just before I go into Ben said, you can also think of topics as like a physical message for that multiple people can stop by and read. Okay. So topics by itself totally makes sense to me. Cool
That would really help me understand too like the quality of the applications. Yeah. And then just before I go into Ben said, you can also think of topics as like a physical message for that multiple people can stop by and read. Okay. So topics by itself totally makes sense to me. Cool Cool. It's a log of events. Got it. What you just said about the pub subsystem and that publishers are produced? Let's okay. So if pub sub is confusing, let's drop it right now and just talk about how do events get into topics? Okay. I like that. All right. That is a producer's job. Okay. Yeah
Cool. It's a log of events. Got it. What you just said about the pub subsystem and that publishers are produced? Let's okay. So if pub sub is confusing, let's drop it right now and just talk about how do events get into topics? Okay. I like that. All right. That is a producer's job. Okay. Yeah Okay. Yeah. So a producer writes events to topics and I'll wait for you to finish your note and then we can. Okay. Got it. The other things that it can do is like it can batch data and send a bunch at the same time. Okay. And then the next part is this is this is a little bit
Okay. Yeah. So a producer writes events to topics and I'll wait for you to finish your note and then we can. Okay. Got it. The other things that it can do is like it can batch data and send a bunch at the same time. Okay. And then the next part is this is this is a little bit So every event had a key in a value like I mentioned before it. And every topic is split into these partitions that can live on different servers. Okay. Producers assign events to different partitions based on a hash of that events key. Signs events to producers to to partitions. To partitions
So every event had a key in a value like I mentioned before it. And every topic is split into these partitions that can live on different servers. Okay. Producers assign events to different partitions based on a hash of that events key. Signs events to producers to to partitions. To partitions To partitions. Thank you. Well, this actually brings to my next question. So assigns events to partitions based on hash key on a hash of the keys. But basically what that means is it'll perform like a hash function on the key and events with the same key will end up in the same partition. Okay
To partitions. Thank you. Well, this actually brings to my next question. So assigns events to partitions based on hash key on a hash of the keys. But basically what that means is it'll perform like a hash function on the key and events with the same key will end up in the same partition. Okay Okay. This is still like a value makes sense to me. An API key makes sense. But more of just because you have to pull it and put it somewhere. Right. This key has nothing to do with authentication. Right. Key value pairs. Where do you get a key? Can I put like Jen's the key? So I mean you could
Okay. This is still like a value makes sense to me. An API key makes sense. But more of just because you have to pull it and put it somewhere. Right. This key has nothing to do with authentication. Right. Key value pairs. Where do you get a key? Can I put like Jen's the key? So I mean you could I'm thinking. I'm thinking. I think you is the you know the answer to life. Like this is a great question
I'm thinking. I'm thinking. I think you is the you know the answer to life. Like this is a great question And it's the right question to ask when you're thinking about Kafka applications, right
And it's the right question to ask when you're thinking about Kafka applications, right Is do when you're thinking about writing your events you're thinking about since they're partitions by key you want to think about what you put in the keys so that you know you have the your events basically like organized within your topic
Is do when you're thinking about writing your events you're thinking about since they're partitions by key you want to think about what you put in the keys so that you know you have the your events basically like organized within your topic What goes into it like how do you create a key like it does the key have I feel like I'm going to use the Google's the Google's and I are friends. Yeah, I could I could also start showing you what they look like. Yeah
What goes into it like how do you create a key like it does the key have I feel like I'm going to use the Google's the Google's and I are friends. Yeah, I could I could also start showing you what they look like. Yeah Yeah. Arkeys actually in this example are going to be no so they're not going to they're going to be a side there's like a round robin method used instead when your keys are no. So we're not but they can be null or like a string. So we were on. Oh, partitions. Okay. They can be strings. Yeah. Okay
Yeah. Arkeys actually in this example are going to be no so they're not going to they're going to be a side there's like a round robin method used instead when your keys are no. So we're not but they can be null or like a string. So we were on. Oh, partitions. Okay. They can be strings. Yeah. Okay Yeah. Okay. I mean it all goes down to bytes in the end but like kind of everything doesn't text. I don't like right. But it doesn't mean to be a little bit specific integer or something like that. Yeah, no, it would be like a byte type convert into bytes and I could probably be an integer or two
Yeah. Okay. I mean it all goes down to bytes in the end but like kind of everything doesn't text. I don't like right. But it doesn't mean to be a little bit specific integer or something like that. Yeah, no, it would be like a byte type convert into bytes and I could probably be an integer or two I would have to check. Pretty sure I used one in my last applications but go. Yeah. Okay. Cool. Yeah. So now reading is another thing. And we're going to need to get to consumers. So consumers are the things that read the events from the topics. Okay. All right
I would have to check. Pretty sure I used one in my last applications but go. Yeah. Okay. Cool. Yeah. So now reading is another thing. And we're going to need to get to consumers. So consumers are the things that read the events from the topics. Okay. All right Okay. All right. And they don't have to do they don't have to do any compression or you like key assignment or anything like that. More than one consumer can read for more than one topic. They'll both read from different partitions. Okay. So that allows you to do is scale things up. Right
Okay. All right. And they don't have to do they don't have to do any compression or you like key assignment or anything like that. More than one consumer can read for more than one topic. They'll both read from different partitions. Okay. So that allows you to do is scale things up. Right Right. So do we have more questions? We're good to go back to the email example. I think I'm good if anybody else in the chat has questions, what is that? We can go back. And I'm okay. We're good. Yeah
Right. So do we have more questions? We're good to go back to the email example. I think I'm good if anybody else in the chat has questions, what is that? We can go back. And I'm okay. We're good. Yeah We're good. Yeah. So if you're like limited to that number of messages an hour because you've got one server, you can use Kafka which to send and read these messages. Which is a good mechanism for scaling because each of those partitions looks on a different server
We're good. Yeah. So if you're like limited to that number of messages an hour because you've got one server, you can use Kafka which to send and read these messages. Which is a good mechanism for scaling because each of those partitions looks on a different server And you could create like 10 partitions in the topic and get up to like 36,000 messages an hour, which is a lot better than 3600. Does that make sense? It makes me think that Twilio uses Kafka. I don't know the answer to that question wouldn't surprise me if it did
And you could create like 10 partitions in the topic and get up to like 36,000 messages an hour, which is a lot better than 3600. Does that make sense? It makes me think that Twilio uses Kafka. I don't know the answer to that question wouldn't surprise me if it did But anybody know like in our chat, let's I'm curious now. But please continue. Yeah. So with that in mind, I'm going to try to think over what I've gone over. I think we've gone over like the key concepts that I wanted to treat before I share my screen and get into what we're going to do
But anybody know like in our chat, let's I'm curious now. But please continue. Yeah. So with that in mind, I'm going to try to think over what I've gone over. I think we've gone over like the key concepts that I wanted to treat before I share my screen and get into what we're going to do But with that in mind, we're going to start out with a fun type of event. I'm going to get a link to it into the chat here. Hold on. So we're going to be working with I can only put it in a private chat. That's fine. I'll copy and paste it over. Yeah
But with that in mind, we're going to start out with a fun type of event. I'm going to get a link to it into the chat here. Hold on. So we're going to be working with I can only put it in a private chat. That's fine. I'll copy and paste it over. Yeah Yeah. We're going to work with data from automatic identification systems for boats. So basically it's kind of like FAA traffic for planes but for boats
Yeah. We're going to work with data from automatic identification systems for boats. So basically it's kind of like FAA traffic for planes but for boats All boats that are over like a certain weight and are international have to send out signals that define like their location and their speed and like other information. And we're going to connect to a web port that gives us that data live. And then we're going to pipe that into a Kafka topic
All boats that are over like a certain weight and are international have to send out signals that define like their location and their speed and like other information. And we're going to connect to a web port that gives us that data live. And then we're going to pipe that into a Kafka topic So it's like two steps. Let's just focus on those for now. Yeah. So let's look at what that data looks like. I will pull up my screen and I'm going to get this terminal and I send big gears so that we don't wait. I will add yours to the stream. Yay
So it's like two steps. Let's just focus on those for now. Yeah. So let's look at what that data looks like. I will pull up my screen and I'm going to get this terminal and I send big gears so that we don't wait. I will add yours to the stream. Yay Yay. Well, can you just make the pets a bit bigger please? Yes. How is that? Yay. That's better. Thank you. I'm going to grab. So this, I have a command here and this is doing a few different things
Yay. Well, can you just make the pets a bit bigger please? Yes. How is that? Yay. That's better. Thank you. I'm going to grab. So this, I have a command here and this is doing a few different things So we're going to go through it by pipe and just walk through what it does before we see the output. So this is the NC stands for NetCat and that allows you to like connect to run reports on the internet. This one's maintained by the Norwegian
So we're going to go through it by pipe and just walk through what it does before we see the output. So this is the NC stands for NetCat and that allows you to like connect to run reports on the internet. This one's maintained by the Norwegian I don't think it's like port authority but it's like the Norwegian government. And so we're connecting into that port and they send out the data that they get in there. This is GPS decoded which basically takes the format of that data and makes it more readable
I don't think it's like port authority but it's like the Norwegian government. And so we're connecting into that port and they send out the data that they get in there. This is GPS decoded which basically takes the format of that data and makes it more readable However, that's not necessarily in the nicest like JSON ever. So I'm using this utility called jq in order to format the JSON in like a readable way. So I'll enter this command
However, that's not necessarily in the nicest like JSON ever. So I'm using this utility called jq in order to format the JSON in like a readable way. So I'll enter this command We'll all this data will be piped through like all of that and we'll begin to see the different reports coming in a second. Sometimes these things take there we go. So I'll hit pause just so we can like scroll for some of this
We'll all this data will be piped through like all of that and we'll begin to see the different reports coming in a second. Sometimes these things take there we go. So I'll hit pause just so we can like scroll for some of this But yeah, so this data is it's AS data right and then not all of the ships give out the same pieces of data but what we are going to be looking for eventually will be this which is like a ship's ID, the MMS, MMS, I don't know what that stands for but it's ID and then the Latin one
But yeah, so this data is it's AS data right and then not all of the ships give out the same pieces of data but what we are going to be looking for eventually will be this which is like a ship's ID, the MMS, MMS, I don't know what that stands for but it's ID and then the Latin one And then we can even get like the speed I think this is a knots. I hope it's accurate. That's kind of a funny field to me. And the other other things like that like maybe this is a ready address and you could like radio them. That would be cool
And then we can even get like the speed I think this is a knots. I hope it's accurate. That's kind of a funny field to me. And the other other things like that like maybe this is a ready address and you could like radio them. That would be cool That would be cool. But that's the data that we are going to work on piping into Kafka. Okay, so to repeat that back to you, you sent us a link to a wiki page that is where you got the connection to the vote data
That would be cool. But that's the data that we are going to work on piping into Kafka. Okay, so to repeat that back to you, you sent us a link to a wiki page that is where you got the connection to the vote data So yeah, I can give you the link to the Norwegian government's page too for that when I'm finishing sharing my screen. Yeah, I'm guessing it's probably one of the things here that we could always look into
So yeah, I can give you the link to the Norwegian government's page too for that when I'm finishing sharing my screen. Yeah, I'm guessing it's probably one of the things here that we could always look into And then we go to the Norwegian and then human port and use their IP address to go into it to get the GPS but it's decoded but not very easy to read. So we use the JQ Unbucked to make it readable. Right, right. And Unbuckford does something
And then we go to the Norwegian and then human port and use their IP address to go into it to get the GPS but it's decoded but not very easy to read. So we use the JQ Unbucked to make it readable. Right, right. And Unbuckford does something I think I just make sure that all the data is sent before you hit Exit Out. That's what that flag does. I can relook that up but I remember making sure that I knew what that meant and just what that does. And then are we using I get that the MFMFI is the identifier
I think I just make sure that all the data is sent before you hit Exit Out. That's what that flag does. I can relook that up but I remember making sure that I knew what that meant and just what that does. And then are we using I get that the MFMFI is the identifier But are we using that as the key? No, where you will just actually be piping into a topic with a null key in this demo, but that might be the business key, right? If we wanted one partition per vote. Yeah, yeah, good thinking. Cool. I'm still far I'm picking up what you're putting down. Awesome
But are we using that as the key? No, where you will just actually be piping into a topic with a null key in this demo, but that might be the business key, right? If we wanted one partition per vote. Yeah, yeah, good thinking. Cool. I'm still far I'm picking up what you're putting down. Awesome Awesome. So the next thing that we're going to do is this command is a bit long so I'm going to format it. We're going to use a utility called Pay Cat. And what that stands for is Kafka Cat. I have a link again that I will I'll just do a big link. At the end of this. Cool. Thank you
Awesome. So the next thing that we're going to do is this command is a bit long so I'm going to format it. We're going to use a utility called Pay Cat. And what that stands for is Kafka Cat. I have a link again that I will I'll just do a big link. At the end of this. Cool. Thank you Cool. Thank you. Yeah, of course. And I have put in all of this. I've gone into like a K Cat configuration file and I've put in a bunch of connection details and that is connecting up to Confluent Cloud. But let me back up a second. Hold on. So K Cat is like used to be called Kafka Cat
Cool. Thank you. Yeah, of course. And I have put in all of this. I've gone into like a K Cat configuration file and I've put in a bunch of connection details and that is connecting up to Confluent Cloud. But let me back up a second. Hold on. So K Cat is like used to be called Kafka Cat And you know how like when you hit Cat and then a file and then you can see what's in the file on the top. K Cat lets you see like what's inside your Kafka topics. And it also allows you to produce to them by passing this pull little flag. But before we even do that, we have to back up a step
And you know how like when you hit Cat and then a file and then you can see what's in the file on the top. K Cat lets you see like what's inside your Kafka topics. And it also allows you to produce to them by passing this pull little flag. But before we even do that, we have to back up a step I realize it was getting ahead of myself. And we have to jump into Confluent Cloud and create a topic to write because there's no topic then it's going to send. Actually, it'll be interesting to see what kind of error that sent. I might just not do anything for me
I realize it was getting ahead of myself. And we have to jump into Confluent Cloud and create a topic to write because there's no topic then it's going to send. Actually, it'll be interesting to see what kind of error that sent. I might just not do anything for me But we're definitely going to go into Confluent Cloud and create that topic. So that has something to do. So I'm going to log in here. Okay, so this is like my Confluent Cloud dashboard and I'll be managing basically the servers that have got running through Confluent Cloud here
But we're definitely going to go into Confluent Cloud and create that topic. So that has something to do. So I'm going to log in here. Okay, so this is like my Confluent Cloud dashboard and I'll be managing basically the servers that have got running through Confluent Cloud here I've got different environments that up. These are like side projects. I think it's mids bigger. Please. Yes. Of course. Is that better? So much better. Thank you. Yeah. And I created an environment for this demo here. I've got one cluster of servers running already. So I'm going to click on that
I've got different environments that up. These are like side projects. I think it's mids bigger. Please. Yes. Of course. Is that better? So much better. Thank you. Yeah. And I created an environment for this demo here. I've got one cluster of servers running already. So I'm going to click on that Okay, I'm going to make a topic. I'm going to accept the default configuration here. But I'm going to change my topic name to a little fit. So AIS. I'm going to skip defining a data contract for now. So this is my topic in Confluent Cloud
Okay, I'm going to make a topic. I'm going to accept the default configuration here. But I'm going to change my topic name to a little fit. So AIS. I'm going to skip defining a data contract for now. So this is my topic in Confluent Cloud I have a configuration panel with some default details which we're going to leave for now. And I could make a schema which we could get into later maybe at the end of the live stream. We're talking about different applications for this. But we don't need a schema for right now
I have a configuration panel with some default details which we're going to leave for now. And I could make a schema which we could get into later maybe at the end of the live stream. We're talking about different applications for this. But we don't need a schema for right now And then this panel is the messages panel or see messages coming in once we start piping in that data. But there won't be any data coming in now because we're not producing any data there. So let's return. Yeah, let's return to the terminal and run that commands
And then this panel is the messages panel or see messages coming in once we start piping in that data. But there won't be any data coming in now because we're not producing any data there. So let's return. Yeah, let's return to the terminal and run that commands Okay, so another important thing is that I have in the KCAT configuration file, I've put the authentication or the authentication details. So there's like a key in there that enables me to connect to that cloud
Okay, so another important thing is that I have in the KCAT configuration file, I've put the authentication or the authentication details. So there's like a key in there that enables me to connect to that cloud So when I run this, we'll might take a couple of seconds but we'll get new messages in here. And where do you edit your KCAT? That is a great question. So let me pull up. Oh, there's a data coming in. Let me pull up. There's a great blog post. So I rely a lot on the blog posts of my coworkers
So when I run this, we'll might take a couple of seconds but we'll get new messages in here. And where do you edit your KCAT? That is a great question. So let me pull up. Oh, there's a data coming in. Let me pull up. There's a great blog post. So I rely a lot on the blog posts of my coworkers So for example, this ASTEMO is based on a blog post by my coworker or former coworker Robin Muffat who'd like made a whole like app to find out like which boats were like clustered together closely using Kafka. So I'll put that in the chat as well. Who see infinite mean for a second
So for example, this ASTEMO is based on a blog post by my coworker or former coworker Robin Muffat who'd like made a whole like app to find out like which boats were like clustered together closely using Kafka. So I'll put that in the chat as well. Who see infinite mean for a second But then there's also a blog that my current coworker, Chris Jenkins, made about how to configure your KCAT utility. So those two. Sweet. Oh, it made it as post them twice because sometimes stream yard likes to try to put them all together as one. So what I want
But then there's also a blog that my current coworker, Chris Jenkins, made about how to configure your KCAT utility. So those two. Sweet. Oh, it made it as post them twice because sometimes stream yard likes to try to put them all together as one. So what I want So what I want. Okay, so we've got this message coming in. That's got the value and that's just the JSON data that we piped in. The header is empty for now. We could put like a metadata in there if we wanted. And as you can see the key for this is null
So what I want. Okay, so we've got this message coming in. That's got the value and that's just the JSON data that we piped in. The header is empty for now. We could put like a metadata in there if we wanted. And as you can see the key for this is null So it's all going to be assigned to the different partitions. Sorry. Do it. All right. So this data is coming in basically non filtered right. We just got all of the data that we could. So the next step is going to be using KCQDB to filter the data
So it's all going to be assigned to the different partitions. Sorry. Do it. All right. So this data is coming in basically non filtered right. We just got all of the data that we could. So the next step is going to be using KCQDB to filter the data And what KCQDB, okay, I'll back up a second too, because there's like an underlying. What underwise KCQDB is this library called Kafka streams. And you can implement your own solution yourself with like Java and filter streams data that way. Or you can use KCQDB which uses SQL likes and tax
And what KCQDB, okay, I'll back up a second too, because there's like an underlying. What underwise KCQDB is this library called Kafka streams. And you can implement your own solution yourself with like Java and filter streams data that way. Or you can use KCQDB which uses SQL likes and tax And then you can start filtering creating streams and filtering your data using SQL likes and tax here. So that's what we're going to do today. And if at any point you have questions, you can just go ahead and interrupt me because since I can't see your face, I can't take cues
And then you can start filtering creating streams and filtering your data using SQL likes and tax here. So that's what we're going to do today. And if at any point you have questions, you can just go ahead and interrupt me because since I can't see your face, I can't take cues So I think it's definitely something where like what you're saying is starting to conceptually make sense. But there are still like a ton of words that don't, but I'm like writing them down as we go
So I think it's definitely something where like what you're saying is starting to conceptually make sense. But there are still like a ton of words that don't, but I'm like writing them down as we go So that way I don't have to ask you about every single one of them because that would take us forever. So you're giving me a lot to think on. Yeah, any questions after like we're finished creating the cluster and filtering stuff
So that way I don't have to ask you about every single one of them because that would take us forever. So you're giving me a lot to think on. Yeah, any questions after like we're finished creating the cluster and filtering stuff Basically what we're going to do is we're going to use SQL syntax to create new streams and filter them. So I'm going to create this cluster. Continue. Global access should be fine. And we're just going to accept. So your name and takes a couple of seconds to cluster. Oh, no, something
Basically what we're going to do is we're going to use SQL syntax to create new streams and filter them. So I'm going to create this cluster. Continue. Global access should be fine. And we're just going to accept. So your name and takes a couple of seconds to cluster. Oh, no, something Oh, no, something. It could be that I'm out of API keys. So because that's an API key issue, I'm going to stop sharing my screen for a moment and double check that. So you've given me a lot to look at. But like I know for myself, it's like, like what you're saying makes sense
Oh, no, something. It could be that I'm out of API keys. So because that's an API key issue, I'm going to stop sharing my screen for a moment and double check that. So you've given me a lot to look at. But like I know for myself, it's like, like what you're saying makes sense Like I know SQL is a thing. Like I I'm going to start doing my own like understanding the walkthroughs of like postgres and my SQL and those type of things. But at the same time when you're like SQL like syntax, I'm like, I don't know what that is yet. But I'll get there
Like I know SQL is a thing. Like I I'm going to start doing my own like understanding the walkthroughs of like postgres and my SQL and those type of things. But at the same time when you're like SQL like syntax, I'm like, I don't know what that is yet. But I'll get there But I'll get there. Another one is like creating a cluster. And I think this is something that we added to like my to do list of figuring out streaming of like does that have something to do cloud having something to do with like our cluster has does cluster have something to do with cloud
But I'll get there. Another one is like creating a cluster. And I think this is something that we added to like my to do list of figuring out streaming of like does that have something to do cloud having something to do with like our cluster has does cluster have something to do with cloud Wow, where it's they help. And looking more into that because I think that's a little confusing, but also something that would make more sense when I'm actually going through and I can like Google these certain things that I don't understand
Wow, where it's they help. And looking more into that because I think that's a little confusing, but also something that would make more sense when I'm actually going through and I can like Google these certain things that I don't understand Yeah, so here that was definitely something that I was like like everybody's using cluster. Oh, like it's you know, and assume somewhere it's a cluster of servers. So it's like a group of servers and bridging them using the cloud. So I don't know. I hopefully that helps. That's what I was guessing
Yeah, so here that was definitely something that I was like like everybody's using cluster. Oh, like it's you know, and assume somewhere it's a cluster of servers. So it's like a group of servers and bridging them using the cloud. So I don't know. I hopefully that helps. That's what I was guessing That sounds yummy like cookies or so this just so. That's funny. That's funny. I feel like that would be really cool. I don't know if Laura is still watching, but we talked about it yesterday that we need to do like a makeup markdown stream
That sounds yummy like cookies or so this just so. That's funny. That's funny. I feel like that would be really cool. I don't know if Laura is still watching, but we talked about it yesterday that we need to do like a makeup markdown stream Just like, hey, for those who enjoy makeup, join us and we'll create a markdown. I don't know. Maybe we can talk about markdown while we're doing our makeup. That sounds like a tick talk
Just like, hey, for those who enjoy makeup, join us and we'll create a markdown. I don't know. Maybe we can talk about markdown while we're doing our makeup. That sounds like a tick talk That would be kind of complicated though because I don't know how you talk about markdown without showing what you're doing. So I don't think you could do makeup at the same time. Yeah, and you could probably like help one person doing their makeup and then a person doing markdown and switch
That would be kind of complicated though because I don't know how you talk about markdown without showing what you're doing. So I don't think you could do makeup at the same time. Yeah, and you could probably like help one person doing their makeup and then a person doing markdown and switch That is true. Laura, yay. And did you hear with Lucia just said, like, we could take turns doing makeup and one of us explaining markdown. I'm so down. I'm so down. All right. So, um, got through the cluster issue
That is true. Laura, yay. And did you hear with Lucia just said, like, we could take turns doing makeup and one of us explaining markdown. I'm so down. I'm so down. All right. So, um, got through the cluster issue It's still busy provisioning, which means just getting set up so we can connect to it. Um, so we'll wait for that. Let me see if I have any fun links to share while we're waiting for that. We, uh, Laura just said, Debra'll get ready with me. I like it. Awesome. Uh, I have a blog post here
It's still busy provisioning, which means just getting set up so we can connect to it. Um, so we'll wait for that. Let me see if I have any fun links to share while we're waiting for that. We, uh, Laura just said, Debra'll get ready with me. I like it. Awesome. Uh, I have a blog post here We talked about learning things earlier. That's kind of like my little take on how to like learn new things. Um, I like it. Yeah. Then we've got, um, let's see. Oh, here's a couple of really fun Kafka resources
We talked about learning things earlier. That's kind of like my little take on how to like learn new things. Um, I like it. Yeah. Then we've got, um, let's see. Oh, here's a couple of really fun Kafka resources It will be interesting to see how these, I had them in bullet points so they might translate funny. They did hold on. But one of them is called gently down the stream and it's like, it's basically like an online comic book that uses little orders to describe Kafka and I love it so much. Uh, yes
It will be interesting to see how these, I had them in bullet points so they might translate funny. They did hold on. But one of them is called gently down the stream and it's like, it's basically like an online comic book that uses little orders to describe Kafka and I love it so much. Uh, yes Uh, yes. So that's, that's really great. And then, um, Confluent developer has this like 101 course on Apache Kafka in case the stream feature curiosity, um, sweet. Yeah. Those are two like good introductory sources or clusters up
Uh, yes. So that's, that's really great. And then, um, Confluent developer has this like 101 course on Apache Kafka in case the stream feature curiosity, um, sweet. Yeah. Those are two like good introductory sources or clusters up And I was sharing my screen with infinite chair while I was sharing this link. So I apologize for just realizing. All right. So I will add you back to the stream. All right. We can see Confluent. Okay. Awesome. And the editor
And I was sharing my screen with infinite chair while I was sharing this link. So I apologize for just realizing. All right. So I will add you back to the stream. All right. We can see Confluent. Okay. Awesome. And the editor And the editor. So, uh, this editor is going to allow us to create streams using SQL syntax. And I'm going to set this to earliest here so that it catches all the data from the beginning. Um, I could go into auto offset reset
And the editor. So, uh, this editor is going to allow us to create streams using SQL syntax. And I'm going to set this to earliest here so that it catches all the data from the beginning. Um, I could go into auto offset reset But basically what it is, it's, it's going to take each message from the first, the, the last message that the broker has a marker on and produce it just so that we catch the most messages possible. And then I just copied pasted a lot in here. So, um, let's, let's go back to
But basically what it is, it's, it's going to take each message from the first, the, the last message that the broker has a marker on and produce it just so that we catch the most messages possible. And then I just copied pasted a lot in here. So, um, let's, let's go back to So we're going to create a stream. So I just wrote create stream. We're going to call it AS. Because basically it's just going to reflect the data that we already had and then we'll create another stream that will filter it
So we're going to create a stream. So I just wrote create stream. We're going to call it AS. Because basically it's just going to reflect the data that we already had and then we'll create another stream that will filter it So, um, these will all create columns that correspond to the different pieces of JSON fields that we saw earlier. Um, then, uh, there's this width clause. So the value format is going to be in JSON, which is what we piped in
So, um, these will all create columns that correspond to the different pieces of JSON fields that we saw earlier. Um, then, uh, there's this width clause. So the value format is going to be in JSON, which is what we piped in It could also be in something called Avro, which is what, uh, we recommend because it has extra rules on top so that, uh, things don't get messed up is basically, basically that deal. But for right now value form as JSON and the source is the Kafka topic that we created the AS data topic
It could also be in something called Avro, which is what, uh, we recommend because it has extra rules on top so that, uh, things don't get messed up is basically, basically that deal. But for right now value form as JSON and the source is the Kafka topic that we created the AS data topic Um, so when I run this query, we get a response with a success status. That's what I'm looking for. And if we go over to the streams tab, we'll see it come up, um, in a minute here because we just created it. There it is. Uh, so I note this case, equal processing log is cool
Um, so when I run this query, we get a response with a success status. That's what I'm looking for. And if we go over to the streams tab, we'll see it come up, um, in a minute here because we just created it. There it is. Uh, so I note this case, equal processing log is cool You can query it and get like errors. If your streams aren't working the way you thought they were, good thing for not seeing any messages right now. That's, that makes me, um, but, oops. There we go. I just, my mouse is like, it's getting a little like sway. So, all right. So this is our ASTream
You can query it and get like errors. If your streams aren't working the way you thought they were, good thing for not seeing any messages right now. That's, that makes me, um, but, oops. There we go. I just, my mouse is like, it's getting a little like sway. So, all right. So this is our ASTream And we would like to query it and see if it works. So, uh, this looks like, um, SQL here, like select star, which means all of those columns from the ASTream. Emitt changes means it's going to be picking up, uh, all of the, stop and try again. Oh, there we go
And we would like to query it and see if it works. So, uh, this looks like, um, SQL here, like select star, which means all of those columns from the ASTream. Emitt changes means it's going to be picking up, uh, all of the, stop and try again. Oh, there we go Oh, there we go. Um, it's going to be picking up all of the changes in that topic as they're piped in. So we have all of the, uh, the data there
Oh, there we go. Um, it's going to be picking up all of the changes in that topic as they're piped in. So we have all of the, uh, the data there So it's a little bit, it's a little bit of like a mindset change I found from making queries on database tables, which are static, right? Whereas topics are constantly flowing with data
So it's a little bit, it's a little bit of like a mindset change I found from making queries on database tables, which are static, right? Whereas topics are constantly flowing with data Um, so that's a little bit of a difference, but we're seeing our data come in here, which is, which is what we wanted. Now, I'm going to stop in case we have questions and then we can continue to the next query
Um, so that's a little bit of a difference, but we're seeing our data come in here, which is, which is what we wanted. Now, I'm going to stop in case we have questions and then we can continue to the next query I feel like can you go up a little bit on your screen? Uh, down a smidge just to go over. So we have the editor, which is where we told it what Jason, uh, like this source is Jason and what we wanted to pull. Um, flow is, do we need no flow is? Uh, it's kind of like a visualization of the strings
I feel like can you go up a little bit on your screen? Uh, down a smidge just to go over. So we have the editor, which is where we told it what Jason, uh, like this source is Jason and what we wanted to pull. Um, flow is, do we need no flow is? Uh, it's kind of like a visualization of the strings Okay, cool. Yeah. So there's no connection between these two in particular right now, but, um, I think when I create a filtered one, we'll see like an arrow and a new one. So let's, let's experiment in a second with that. Yeah
Okay, cool. Yeah. So there's no connection between these two in particular right now, but, um, I think when I create a filtered one, we'll see like an arrow and a new one. So let's, let's experiment in a second with that. Yeah Yeah. Um, and then under persistent queries, um, we'll, uh, we may, we may see that this is like if you have a query that is continuously, uh, transforming data, which is up there. Um, I'm going to go back
Yeah. Um, and then under persistent queries, um, we'll, uh, we may, we may see that this is like if you have a query that is continuously, uh, transforming data, which is up there. Um, I'm going to go back I'm going to keep, I'm going to run this query one more time because I want to see some messages coming in. Now, um, the new query that I'm going to run is going to look something like, I'm going to paste into the editor here. Uh, it's going to look something like that
I'm going to keep, I'm going to run this query one more time because I want to see some messages coming in. Now, um, the new query that I'm going to run is going to look something like, I'm going to paste into the editor here. Uh, it's going to look something like that And we want to pick an ID that shows up. And, um, so we want to see one that comes up like more than once, uh, just to make sure that we can have a flow, right? Because if it's a boat that's like stopped and only sent out one piece of data, we don't want to try to make a stream based on that
And we want to pick an ID that shows up. And, um, so we want to see one that comes up like more than once, uh, just to make sure that we can have a flow, right? Because if it's a boat that's like stopped and only sent out one piece of data, we don't want to try to make a stream based on that So 259, I'm just going to scroll through these really quick and then like pick one. So send to. Okay. This is, this is going to take like a little, actually, it might make more sense to pull one from the terminal, but we'll see. So yeah, okay, that one should have more than once. We'll use that
So 259, I'm just going to scroll through these really quick and then like pick one. So send to. Okay. This is, this is going to take like a little, actually, it might make more sense to pull one from the terminal, but we'll see. So yeah, okay, that one should have more than once. We'll use that We'll use that. All right. So what this does is it uses the A-A stream that we just created as a base. Uh, we're going to be selecting the ID, the latitude and longitude from that stream. Where are the MMSI equals this particular ID? So for specific vote. So we're going to run that query now
We'll use that. All right. So what this does is it uses the A-A stream that we just created as a base. Uh, we're going to be selecting the ID, the latitude and longitude from that stream. Where are the MMSI equals this particular ID? So for specific vote. So we're going to run that query now Okay, and we've created it. Now we can query it. Actually, let's, I'm curious about the flow. There we go. Yeah. So you can see now that we've created that stream based on the original stream that we created here. So the filtered stream for one vote and we can see the data coming in
Okay, and we've created it. Now we can query it. Actually, let's, I'm curious about the flow. There we go. Yeah. So you can see now that we've created that stream based on the original stream that we created here. So the filtered stream for one vote and we can see the data coming in Uh, let me want to know. Uh, it must be like static. So sometimes the votes don't move and so the lot won't stop coming in, but, uh, but you can see the data coming in for that particular vote based on this stream. I mean, you could also query it to see that information too. Yeah
Uh, let me want to know. Uh, it must be like static. So sometimes the votes don't move and so the lot won't stop coming in, but, uh, but you can see the data coming in for that particular vote based on this stream. I mean, you could also query it to see that information too. Yeah Yeah. And then actually, uh, a persistent query because it's, uh, continuously filtering the original stream
Yeah. And then actually, uh, a persistent query because it's, uh, continuously filtering the original stream And then remind me, what is the difference between a stream and event? So an event, this is like something that happens, you know, with, uh, but what is a stream? And a stream is different than a cluster, but a stream happens on a cluster? Okay. Yeah. So let's take that one of the time
And then remind me, what is the difference between a stream and event? So an event, this is like something that happens, you know, with, uh, but what is a stream? And a stream is different than a cluster, but a stream happens on a cluster? Okay. Yeah. So let's take that one of the time Difference between a stream and an event. Um, this whole collection here is a stream and then these particular messages coming in are the events. Okay. So multiple events make a stream. Right. And then, um, a stream is basically, uh, it's like a flowing table
Difference between a stream and an event. Um, this whole collection here is a stream and then these particular messages coming in are the events. Okay. So multiple events make a stream. Right. And then, um, a stream is basically, uh, it's like a flowing table As a, we also have tables, which are like snapshots that you can take. Um, but it's like a, a flowing table that you can, uh, that's informed by a topic and you can perform like different transformations or aggregations on these different streams. Okay
As a, we also have tables, which are like snapshots that you can take. Um, but it's like a, a flowing table that you can, uh, that's informed by a topic and you can perform like different transformations or aggregations on these different streams. Okay Okay. And then, um, what about like this, the stream versus like, um, just to like get to where we are right now is so we had the boat data, which is just ongoing data that they're like, yeah, this is where we put all our boat information
Okay. And then, um, what about like this, the stream versus like, um, just to like get to where we are right now is so we had the boat data, which is just ongoing data that they're like, yeah, this is where we put all our boat information And then we put it into by running it with the, um, netcap and GPS to code and jq on buffed it created it and put it into a JSON file. Um, so it actually, um, piped it into, it's, it put it into a JSON into JSON format. And then that was piped into Kafka from the terminal
And then we put it into by running it with the, um, netcap and GPS to code and jq on buffed it created it and put it into a JSON file. Um, so it actually, um, piped it into, it's, it put it into a JSON into JSON format. And then that was piped into Kafka from the terminal So into a topic from the terminal. And you had to create the cluster and create the topic in confluent. But once you did that, then you could tell, uh, in terminal, tell it to run KCAT to then put it into the cluster. And then we told it to run a k-SQL DB to be able to decode it. Yeah
So into a topic from the terminal. And you had to create the cluster and create the topic in confluent. But once you did that, then you could tell, uh, in terminal, tell it to run KCAT to then put it into the cluster. And then we told it to run a k-SQL DB to be able to decode it. Yeah Yeah. Good question. So, uh, it's already like decoded in the interface for you. Um, so within the context of Kafka, decoding and encoding means something, uh, that relates to the serialization of bytes. So it's, but it does is you can, you can filter it, um, based on the streams. Okay
Yeah. Good question. So, uh, it's already like decoded in the interface for you. Um, so within the context of Kafka, decoding and encoding means something, uh, that relates to the serialization of bytes. So it's, but it does is you can, you can filter it, um, based on the streams. Okay Okay. Um, which created filters. Okay. And then which that then created like, we had a is which is the original, um, topic that we created. And then the k-SQL processing log is the stream we created. And then we created the filter, which connected the two. Yeah
Okay. Um, which created filters. Okay. And then which that then created like, we had a is which is the original, um, topic that we created. And then the k-SQL processing log is the stream we created. And then we created the filter, which connected the two. Yeah Yeah. So this is actually in a separate topic that confluent is running in the background, um, to give you like error messages, this k-SQL processing log. Um, this is run based on our topic, the a-a-a-s stream. And then, um, this one is a filter on that a-a-a-s stream. This a-a-s filtered topic
Yeah. So this is actually in a separate topic that confluent is running in the background, um, to give you like error messages, this k-SQL processing log. Um, this is run based on our topic, the a-a-a-s stream. And then, um, this one is a filter on that a-a-a-s stream. This a-a-s filtered topic Does that, does that help? Kind of. I'm, I'm going with like, like what you're saying makes enough sense, but there's so many things that are also still very confusing. Um, at one point you use the word broker. Oh, sorry
Does that, does that help? Kind of. I'm, I'm going with like, like what you're saying makes enough sense, but there's so many things that are also still very confusing. Um, at one point you use the word broker. Oh, sorry Oh, sorry. That's, that is a server with like, um, that has like metadata information on it. Um, it's, it's, yeah, it's a server. Um, I think that's going to be the, the funniest thing is like, so, so far we have a producer, we have consumers, we have a broker
Oh, sorry. That's, that is a server with like, um, that has like metadata information on it. Um, it's, it's, yeah, it's a server. Um, I think that's going to be the, the funniest thing is like, so, so far we have a producer, we have consumers, we have a broker It sounds like a joke about people going into a bar. Yeah, yeah. So a broker and some streams and yeah, yeah, no, that's, uh, that's, that, that's fair. Yeah. I think it's definitely a lot that I need to look into because like, what, what you're saying and talking about does make enough sense
It sounds like a joke about people going into a bar. Yeah, yeah. So a broker and some streams and yeah, yeah, no, that's, uh, that's, that, that's fair. Yeah. I think it's definitely a lot that I need to look into because like, what, what you're saying and talking about does make enough sense I don't think that I've, I guess, could say like, I leveled up enough to get to the point where I'm fully understanding where we're at
I don't think that I've, I guess, could say like, I leveled up enough to get to the point where I'm fully understanding where we're at I feel like I am soon, especially with all of the streams I'll be having because we're like starting as, as small as like, what is data? So you gave us a really big topic and this, this has happened a lot
I feel like I am soon, especially with all of the streams I'll be having because we're like starting as, as small as like, what is data? So you gave us a really big topic and this, this has happened a lot Like, uh, I had Trevor on the show and he talks about, um, uh, Kubernetes and Docker and, um, PowerShell. No idea what he would say. Like, like, it made sense, but it didn't make sense. I've also had somebody come on about going
Like, uh, I had Trevor on the show and he talks about, um, uh, Kubernetes and Docker and, um, PowerShell. No idea what he would say. Like, like, it made sense, but it didn't make sense. I've also had somebody come on about going So it's definitely, yeah, I'm saying that I'm like, you will learn so much too just by Osmosis, by, by listening to his conversations and being part of them
So it's definitely, yeah, I'm saying that I'm like, you will learn so much too just by Osmosis, by, by listening to his conversations and being part of them Um, yeah, it, it's definitely, um, I really felt like that when I was first learning Kafka and then also when I was first learning how to code, right, it's like, um, there's a lot of new vocabulary and that can lead to like some overwhelm too, right
Um, yeah, it, it's definitely, um, I really felt like that when I was first learning Kafka and then also when I was first learning how to code, right, it's like, um, there's a lot of new vocabulary and that can lead to like some overwhelm too, right So, I think it's important to like have patience with yourself and realize like, hey, if I didn't know something today, it just means I learned something, right
So, I think it's important to like have patience with yourself and realize like, hey, if I didn't know something today, it just means I learned something, right And, uh, yeah, and I'll be able to apply it later in the future and then like in a few months, um, like, I'm sure you've had this experience with learning new things, you'll be all of a sudden, you'll be able to like, pull a definition for something out or you'll be able to help someone else learn a new concept by using our analogy and you realized, oh, I've internalized this, this new knowledge and I'm really good about it
And, uh, yeah, and I'll be able to apply it later in the future and then like in a few months, um, like, I'm sure you've had this experience with learning new things, you'll be all of a sudden, you'll be able to like, pull a definition for something out or you'll be able to help someone else learn a new concept by using our analogy and you realized, oh, I've internalized this, this new knowledge and I'm really good about it Yeah, I feel like that is a big part of what I love about teach Shentech and like the show is like learning it, they always build on top of each other, even if they're not always in the a linear order, they like, we went really high level for this one and then I'm gonna go back to the basics
Yeah, I feel like that is a big part of what I love about teach Shentech and like the show is like learning it, they always build on top of each other, even if they're not always in the a linear order, they like, we went really high level for this one and then I'm gonna go back to the basics This is also something that I love about with, uh, like my stream with Laura, we do Python every other Friday and then I also am learning Pythagritch with Josh, the opposite Fridays, um, and it's like those are teaching me the fundamentals that I kind of like, new existed, but I didn't really have the words to it, like we were talking about earlier
This is also something that I love about with, uh, like my stream with Laura, we do Python every other Friday and then I also am learning Pythagritch with Josh, the opposite Fridays, um, and it's like those are teaching me the fundamentals that I kind of like, new existed, but I didn't really have the words to it, like we were talking about earlier What would you say was somebody's, or like your favorite resource when you were learning about all of this? Um, I just put down a couple of them already. Yeah, and I shared those. There was a couple, let's see if I have any more in. Right
What would you say was somebody's, or like your favorite resource when you were learning about all of this? Um, I just put down a couple of them already. Yeah, and I shared those. There was a couple, let's see if I have any more in. Right Right. But like overall, because we were talking about like learning big topics and I really like the one that you shared about, uh, framework for knowing what you don't know
Right. But like overall, because we were talking about like learning big topics and I really like the one that you shared about, uh, framework for knowing what you don't know Yeah, so for that, um, one of the things that got me started, like, uh, it's a tutorial, but it's like a good starter that I returned to a lot. I'll see if I can find it here on Confluent Developer and I like this because it's available in a lot of different languages
Yeah, so for that, um, one of the things that got me started, like, uh, it's a tutorial, but it's like a good starter that I returned to a lot. I'll see if I can find it here on Confluent Developer and I like this because it's available in a lot of different languages Yeah, um, hold on, I just need to find language, oh, it's under language, that's all right
Yeah, um, hold on, I just need to find language, oh, it's under language, that's all right Uh, so this resource here, I built this out in, um, node and Python and it helped me understand a little bit about because what, what K cat was doing for us is you can do that like in code in Python or in, yeah, and that really helped me kind of see what was common to the different clients, what things I would always need to do when it came to like, running a Putch Kafka and an application
Uh, so this resource here, I built this out in, um, node and Python and it helped me understand a little bit about because what, what K cat was doing for us is you can do that like in code in Python or in, yeah, and that really helped me kind of see what was common to the different clients, what things I would always need to do when it came to like, running a Putch Kafka and an application Um, so that, that was really, really helpful. I should do it and want to go next, that's what I should do. There you go. Giving me some ideas. Yeah. Uh, so that's definitely a resource that I enjoyed
Um, so that, that was really, really helpful. I should do it and want to go next, that's what I should do. There you go. Giving me some ideas. Yeah. Uh, so that's definitely a resource that I enjoyed One that's like helping me with, um, like Osmosis wise and kind of understanding the different use cases for Apache Kafka across the entire huge, uh, tech industry is, um, my coworker Chris Jenkins has a podcast. Here's the link of site, but it's on YouTube as well. It's called streaming audio
One that's like helping me with, um, like Osmosis wise and kind of understanding the different use cases for Apache Kafka across the entire huge, uh, tech industry is, um, my coworker Chris Jenkins has a podcast. Here's the link of site, but it's on YouTube as well. It's called streaming audio Um, and guess what the, the latest one is how to use Python with Apache Kafka. So you might like that one. Um, but that's been really, really fun because like the topics are like, like you said, they're not like linear, but they're all very deep, super interesting conversations
Um, and guess what the, the latest one is how to use Python with Apache Kafka. So you might like that one. Um, but that's been really, really fun because like the topics are like, like you said, they're not like linear, but they're all very deep, super interesting conversations Uh, I like turn it on, fold my laundry and it's like a great time. So that's definitely one of my favorites as well. I, I, I, I'm, this demo you shared, um, a specific one, but now I'm showing him, I was like, oh, yeah, Ben was on, uh, the, um, on the show with Chris and Ben's one of my co-workers
Uh, I like turn it on, fold my laundry and it's like a great time. So that's definitely one of my favorites as well. I, I, I, I'm, this demo you shared, um, a specific one, but now I'm showing him, I was like, oh, yeah, Ben was on, uh, the, um, on the show with Chris and Ben's one of my co-workers So I went and grabbed that one. Awesome. Because that one is a really good one. And yes, off-messive is the thing to do is what I'm realizing. And, uh, I know that there's a lot of people that we can learn from and the twitters. The twitters is always very, very good and very fun
So I went and grabbed that one. Awesome. Because that one is a really good one. And yes, off-messive is the thing to do is what I'm realizing. And, uh, I know that there's a lot of people that we can learn from and the twitters. The twitters is always very, very good and very fun So definitely suggest, go follow Lucia. Do you use Twitter that much? Are you more of a Macedon or LinkedIn? Where do you think? I'm on all those right today. I'm on data folks on Macedon
So definitely suggest, go follow Lucia. Do you use Twitter that much? Are you more of a Macedon or LinkedIn? Where do you think? I'm on all those right today. I'm on data folks on Macedon So I'll put that into the chat and then my Twitter is my Twitter username is it annoys me, but it's like slightly different. Oh no. Yeah, it's slightly different than my other handles because I think I like before I was in tech, I got onto Twitter and then I like locked myself out
So I'll put that into the chat and then my Twitter is my Twitter username is it annoys me, but it's like slightly different. Oh no. Yeah, it's slightly different than my other handles because I think I like before I was in tech, I got onto Twitter and then I like locked myself out So I get myself a scandal thinking it wouldn't matter very much now. It's like the vein of my existence. But, uh, I get that. I get that. Yeah. And then I'm on GitHub as well. So I'll push, uh, I like to push up different, like tutorials on there
So I get myself a scandal thinking it wouldn't matter very much now. It's like the vein of my existence. But, uh, I get that. I get that. Yeah. And then I'm on GitHub as well. So I'll push, uh, I like to push up different, like tutorials on there So we, and all of these links will be in YouTube as well. So don't worry if you're not seeing them now. They will be linked and, yeah, I mean, I personally feel like I'm at the point where like I get it, but I don't get it. And if you try to tell me more, I'm going to be like, oh no
So we, and all of these links will be in YouTube as well. So don't worry if you're not seeing them now. They will be linked and, yeah, I mean, I personally feel like I'm at the point where like I get it, but I don't get it. And if you try to tell me more, I'm going to be like, oh no You're all, we've learned out. Well, I feel like it's a lot of also like letting it simmer in the background for a while. And then learning more, which is something that I've learned is, uh, how to say it, Laura and I talk about this a lot
You're all, we've learned out. Well, I feel like it's a lot of also like letting it simmer in the background for a while. And then learning more, which is something that I've learned is, uh, how to say it, Laura and I talk about this a lot Um, where it's like, even if you're not going to understand it, still trying to like consume some of it to like a certain point. So, and that is something that I've been working on learning. And, uh, thank you. Is it
Um, where it's like, even if you're not going to understand it, still trying to like consume some of it to like a certain point. So, and that is something that I've been working on learning. And, uh, thank you. Is it Is it. Can we, can we or take a, I want to say that's why you say your name, but I don't know. I'm horrible at names
Is it. Can we, can we or take a, I want to say that's why you say your name, but I don't know. I'm horrible at names So that is definitely, uh, feel free to hit follow on Twitter or on YouTube wherever you're watching this because there is going to be so much more data infrastructure coming out in the future. I am excited. I'm excited to follow you. And I really appreciated your feedback and questions
So that is definitely, uh, feel free to hit follow on Twitter or on YouTube wherever you're watching this because there is going to be so much more data infrastructure coming out in the future. I am excited. I'm excited to follow you. And I really appreciated your feedback and questions It's helped me, like, refine my approach to the teaching. So that's awesome. Uh, yay. And yeah, I feel like you're going to do great. Thank you. Thank you. You as well
It's helped me, like, refine my approach to the teaching. So that's awesome. Uh, yay. And yeah, I feel like you're going to do great. Thank you. Thank you. You as well You as well. And, uh, Anthony said that, uh, you got to build something then click, uh, uh, you got to build something and stuff will click more. Yes. Yes, I do. And I can't build a Kafka Hello World app. I can build a Kafka Hello Beautiful human app, but not Hello World
You as well. And, uh, Anthony said that, uh, you got to build something then click, uh, uh, you got to build something and stuff will click more. Yes. Yes, I do. And I can't build a Kafka Hello World app. I can build a Kafka Hello Beautiful human app, but not Hello World I have yet to build a Hello World app. Everything I've renamed. Well, thank you again, everyone. And let's go find someone to read to. I love reading. So we so in. We got Ian and James. I feel like we've been talking about Ian. We've also James always reads me. So we're going to go to James
I have yet to build a Hello World app. Everything I've renamed. Well, thank you again, everyone. And let's go find someone to read to. I love reading. So we so in. We got Ian and James. I feel like we've been talking about Ian. We've also James always reads me. So we're going to go to James Thank you, everybody, for joining today and see you again on Thursday. Yay. Maybe it'll read. I don't know. It's, it's counting down. Why are raids so complicated? They take forever. Okay, bye. And, and
Thank you, everybody, for joining today and see you again on Thursday. Yay. Maybe it'll read. I don't know. It's, it's counting down. Why are raids so complicated? They take forever. Okay, bye. And, and