Hey everybody, welcome, welcome. I guess I'll give folks a few minutes to show up. What is the new name of this stream? It's how OSS co-working. Okay. I just put it as OSS co-working with distribute aid. So that way if people just show up on my channel, then they'll just see that too It made sense, enough sense. And hopefully people show up to hang out with us today. But I feel like that's the cool part though is like now that we're doing it as co-working. It's like no pressure if nobody shows up like we're cool we can hang out with each other
It made sense, enough sense. And hopefully people show up to hang out with us today. But I feel like that's the cool part though is like now that we're doing it as co-working. It's like no pressure if nobody shows up like we're cool we can hang out with each other I think it's an astronaut to me where you like no pressure and and my standing behind you like there never was any pressure. Okay. Yes. For you. For you. For me, I always I don't know. I put way too much pressure on myself when it comes to streaming. Like I do, but I don't I don't know
I think it's an astronaut to me where you like no pressure and and my standing behind you like there never was any pressure. Okay. Yes. For you. For you. For me, I always I don't know. I put way too much pressure on myself when it comes to streaming. Like I do, but I don't I don't know It's it's weird. It's weird. I feel there's days that I do and there's days that I don't. I'm probably just super like, no, no. But I'm so good today is co-working because I have a lot to catch up on. Yeah. Yeah
It's it's weird. It's weird. I feel there's days that I do and there's days that I don't. I'm probably just super like, no, no. But I'm so good today is co-working because I have a lot to catch up on. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. No, I think it's good vibes like it always was kind of like a bit of a co-working stream and so I'm glad we're leaning into that. For sure. I do think it makes it easier having where we don't all have to work on the same project at the same time. Yeah. Yeah
Yeah. Yeah. No, I think it's good vibes like it always was kind of like a bit of a co-working stream and so I'm glad we're leaning into that. For sure. I do think it makes it easier having where we don't all have to work on the same project at the same time. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. I think it's like I really enjoy pairing up on stuff, but I feel like that can be a bit limiting that like kind of co work altogether presentation type format like. Yeah. Yeah
Yeah. Yeah. I think it's like I really enjoy pairing up on stuff, but I feel like that can be a bit limiting that like kind of co work altogether presentation type format like. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. It's like kind of nice for especially some of the work that you're doing right like with code is a bit harder to jump around to just show step by step, you know, but I feel like like for what you're doing
Yeah. Yeah. It's like kind of nice for especially some of the work that you're doing right like with code is a bit harder to jump around to just show step by step, you know, but I feel like like for what you're doing You know, like talk something through and then be able to like work on it for a little bit and then maybe talk through the updates like show those off right like
You know, like talk something through and then be able to like work on it for a little bit and then maybe talk through the updates like show those off right like I haven't really updated the like I have my call with Jess and then I haven't updated the page since so I'm really just don't organize it and be like, okay, I know what I'm doing next. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. No, it's that's good and it's the exciting time. Yeah
I haven't really updated the like I have my call with Jess and then I haven't updated the page since so I'm really just don't organize it and be like, okay, I know what I'm doing next. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. No, it's that's good and it's the exciting time. Yeah Yeah. Is this going on the YouTube channel? I got the tweet out. I got the tweet out. Yeah. It's going on on the YouTube's and it goes on my YouTube. Yeah. No, it's good. I think we got a word bad about like adding stuff to our playlist. We might do those updates later. Yeah
Yeah. Is this going on the YouTube channel? I got the tweet out. I got the tweet out. Yeah. It's going on on the YouTube's and it goes on my YouTube. Yeah. No, it's good. I think we got a word bad about like adding stuff to our playlist. We might do those updates later. Yeah Yeah. No, just for folks listening from the future. I'm high. I'm Taylor with Distribute Aid. This is the lovely Jen congrats on your new job. Jen, that's our exciting. Yeah. Jen has many trades who does podcast live streaming. Debrao and traffic. It's money to do that. Yeah. Yeah. No
Yeah. No, just for folks listening from the future. I'm high. I'm Taylor with Distribute Aid. This is the lovely Jen congrats on your new job. Jen, that's our exciting. Yeah. Jen has many trades who does podcast live streaming. Debrao and traffic. It's money to do that. Yeah. Yeah. No Yeah. Yeah. No. Do you want to tell folks about that a little bit? My official intro. Not my just like, hi, I'm a spaz bot intro. Yeah, I'm going to meet myself in snack because that's what I'm excited about the new co working format. I feel like I can I can snack on screen
Yeah. Yeah. No. Do you want to tell folks about that a little bit? My official intro. Not my just like, hi, I'm a spaz bot intro. Yeah, I'm going to meet myself in snack because that's what I'm excited about the new co working format. I feel like I can I can snack on screen So you let us know and yeah, what's going on? I will say to start off with and I not like this is sponsored, but I just got this great fruit drink and it's really good. So you were talking about stacking and I really like this drink. Anyway, we should get a response rest though
So you let us know and yeah, what's going on? I will say to start off with and I not like this is sponsored, but I just got this great fruit drink and it's really good. So you were talking about stacking and I really like this drink. Anyway, we should get a response rest though Yeah, I like your grapefruit drink. Do you want to send me a palette? You know, can you truly eat me a palette? A palette wouldn't even fit in my garage. I really don't get out of that. Just an appa. Come on. Thank you. All right. Well, my name is Jen, not I am the host of a podcast called shit
Yeah, I like your grapefruit drink. Do you want to send me a palette? You know, can you truly eat me a palette? A palette wouldn't even fit in my garage. I really don't get out of that. Just an appa. Come on. Thank you. All right. Well, my name is Jen, not I am the host of a podcast called shit You don't want to talk about I talk about all things like literally people do not like talking about to turn it into shit to talk about some of the main topics are mental health, neuro diversity, racial biases, homelessness. We have talked about death
You don't want to talk about I talk about all things like literally people do not like talking about to turn it into shit to talk about some of the main topics are mental health, neuro diversity, racial biases, homelessness. We have talked about death We have even talked about shit before and bowel movements like literally we talked about a lot of stuff that is hard to talk about and that created my way of saying I love to bus chuck myself. So by that, I mean that I throw myself under the bus
We have even talked about shit before and bowel movements like literally we talked about a lot of stuff that is hard to talk about and that created my way of saying I love to bus chuck myself. So by that, I mean that I throw myself under the bus I will ask questions that people are uncomfortable with or I guess bringing it up and continue a conversation because human connection is so important that sometimes it takes us getting out of our comfort zone to ask these questions and I learned that I love bus checking myself and asking the questions everybody else is curious about that turn it into a starting teach shen tech where while I was working on becoming a developer advocate, I started live streaming learning to code and also just learning all of these very, very technical concepts because I feel like there's there is learning to code which is great
I will ask questions that people are uncomfortable with or I guess bringing it up and continue a conversation because human connection is so important that sometimes it takes us getting out of our comfort zone to ask these questions and I learned that I love bus checking myself and asking the questions everybody else is curious about that turn it into a starting teach shen tech where while I was working on becoming a developer advocate, I started live streaming learning to code and also just learning all of these very, very technical concepts because I feel like there's there is learning to code which is great Yes, there's also a ton of like really technical content that is outside of the code that you have to understand to do the code and I live stream that's for five times a week now and one of those dreams includes doing things with distribute aid where I volunteer to advise on the dev role program which is to be able to create an open source tracks of health
Yes, there's also a ton of like really technical content that is outside of the code that you have to understand to do the code and I live stream that's for five times a week now and one of those dreams includes doing things with distribute aid where I volunteer to advise on the dev role program which is to be able to create an open source tracks of health So I'm helping those who have just come out of boot camps to be able to onboard and actually work on real projects and eventually get certifications that they can show to companies that they want to be able to work with all of that leads up to working with I think who is a database infrastructure company based out of Finland which is like so cool
So I'm helping those who have just come out of boot camps to be able to onboard and actually work on real projects and eventually get certifications that they can show to companies that they want to be able to work with all of that leads up to working with I think who is a database infrastructure company based out of Finland which is like so cool Now wake up I'm in Denver Colorado and this is my calls start between four to five or four to six a.m. So I am not a morning person like I would be staying awake until four in the morning to make that call. No, I'm getting used to it
Now wake up I'm in Denver Colorado and this is my calls start between four to five or four to six a.m. So I am not a morning person like I would be staying awake until four in the morning to make that call. No, I'm getting used to it I think I'm finally getting used to it where I wake up the surly I start my calls and then I end my day with teach shen tech and then I go take it back. So this is the end of my day and we just launched a database infrastructure series with teach shen tech or on teach shen tech
I think I'm finally getting used to it where I wake up the surly I start my calls and then I end my day with teach shen tech and then I go take it back. So this is the end of my day and we just launched a database infrastructure series with teach shen tech or on teach shen tech However, I'm properly supposed to say that because one of the cool things this starting at Ivan and that I'm very passionate about is being able to make tech accessible which can be really hard because it's giant and scary and so many things to learn
However, I'm properly supposed to say that because one of the cool things this starting at Ivan and that I'm very passionate about is being able to make tech accessible which can be really hard because it's giant and scary and so many things to learn There you go, that is my proper really long introduction to why I'm chilling here on distribute aid and teach shen tech open source co working and when Kayla is done chewing please tell us who you are and what distribute aid is. Thank you, thank you for giving me like extra 10 seconds
There you go, that is my proper really long introduction to why I'm chilling here on distribute aid and teach shen tech open source co working and when Kayla is done chewing please tell us who you are and what distribute aid is. Thank you, thank you for giving me like extra 10 seconds I really want to grab a handful of that. Yeah, everyone I'm Taylor. I am our director of growth that distributed. So loving the new format. It's always nice to get a chance to catch up with my tech besties. And I think remote's at a conference this week or something like that
I really want to grab a handful of that. Yeah, everyone I'm Taylor. I am our director of growth that distributed. So loving the new format. It's always nice to get a chance to catch up with my tech besties. And I think remote's at a conference this week or something like that I know it's been a busy spring. I feel like we should just like start putting a photo of Ramon like how photos of us for whoever is missing. Oh my god. I think that remote cut up to some of the sound cues so we can like do Ramon catch phrases. One is not here. It's so amazing
I know it's been a busy spring. I feel like we should just like start putting a photo of Ramon like how photos of us for whoever is missing. Oh my god. I think that remote cut up to some of the sound cues so we can like do Ramon catch phrases. One is not here. It's so amazing It's so amazing. The lunch is not even tell them about that. Let's just do it and like you'll be on screen and like press one of the buttons. That would be really funny. Then we can send them the clips afterwards. Yeah, it's like the April fulls day stream or something. I want to check that out
It's so amazing. The lunch is not even tell them about that. Let's just do it and like you'll be on screen and like press one of the buttons. That would be really funny. Then we can send them the clips afterwards. Yeah, it's like the April fulls day stream or something. I want to check that out I was April fulls day on a Thursday. Now Saturday. It can be. We'll just stream a few days. We'll just stream on Saturday. But yeah, hello to everyone that just joined. And yeah, no distributed. We run the world's largest mutual aid supply chain. That's cool
I was April fulls day on a Thursday. Now Saturday. It can be. We'll just stream a few days. We'll just stream on Saturday. But yeah, hello to everyone that just joined. And yeah, no distributed. We run the world's largest mutual aid supply chain. That's cool That's cool. We're currently responding to the source and deliver over 15 million dollars of humanitarian aid. We're currently responding to refugee crises globally. But really mainly in Europe, the US and Lebanon is where we operate right now
That's cool. We're currently responding to the source and deliver over 15 million dollars of humanitarian aid. We're currently responding to refugee crises globally. But really mainly in Europe, the US and Lebanon is where we operate right now And also economic development in Lebanon rushes warn Ukraine supporting the you training and the people of Ukraine, of course. And getting into some disaster response stuff in the US. So it's really cool
And also economic development in Lebanon rushes warn Ukraine supporting the you training and the people of Ukraine, of course. And getting into some disaster response stuff in the US. So it's really cool Yeah, in addition to do like all the fun supply chain stuff, playing with these big trucks and containers, more houses. We're building open source technology to really try to democratize. You know, access to knowledge and processes that we've kind of figured out
Yeah, in addition to do like all the fun supply chain stuff, playing with these big trucks and containers, more houses. We're building open source technology to really try to democratize. You know, access to knowledge and processes that we've kind of figured out So that anyone can do what we do because we need everyone's community involved and taking care of each other as crisis continue to unfold in our wonderful future. Yeah. So anyways, just some updates on what's going on on the supply chain front. We've retooled our route to Greece, which is cool
So that anyone can do what we do because we need everyone's community involved and taking care of each other as crisis continue to unfold in our wonderful future. Yeah. So anyways, just some updates on what's going on on the supply chain front. We've retooled our route to Greece, which is cool What up, FedE? How you doing, bud? How do we do this? What up? Tell your friends. But yeah, so that's good. It had a bit of a kerfluffle new round of US sanctions in February and new round of compliance stuff. And we had to like change a few things up, but we are now shipping to Ukraine again
What up, FedE? How you doing, bud? How do we do this? What up? Tell your friends. But yeah, so that's good. It had a bit of a kerfluffle new round of US sanctions in February and new round of compliance stuff. And we had to like change a few things up, but we are now shipping to Ukraine again I think we're going to do two containers in March. So against new partnerships and things is always fun. What else? We're about to buy more cooking oil from Ukrainians. This time we're trying to organize a full truck to Greece
I think we're going to do two containers in March. So against new partnerships and things is always fun. What else? We're about to buy more cooking oil from Ukrainians. This time we're trying to organize a full truck to Greece And we're going to save, you know, some tens of thousands of dollars for our Greek partners, what also direct, you know, about 100 grand to the Ukrainian economy, which is cool. This kind of builds on our experience doing that. I want to say in February, sending a few pallets to Northern France
And we're going to save, you know, some tens of thousands of dollars for our Greek partners, what also direct, you know, about 100 grand to the Ukrainian economy, which is cool. This kind of builds on our experience doing that. I want to say in February, sending a few pallets to Northern France So that's fun. I think we picked up one of our partners orders of 5,000 tenths from manufacturer in China, which is cool. It should be arriving with them soon. Yeah, things are going well. I had a fun, our monthly hubs working group for US hubs was the other week. And that was really cool
So that's fun. I think we picked up one of our partners orders of 5,000 tenths from manufacturer in China, which is cool. It should be arriving with them soon. Yeah, things are going well. I had a fun, our monthly hubs working group for US hubs was the other week. And that was really cool We had some friends in LA joined us for the first time. And all the East Coast folks, you know, we're like kind of set up East Coast warehouses or like, hey, we have all this hand sanitizer. We don't know what to do with it
We had some friends in LA joined us for the first time. And all the East Coast folks, you know, we're like kind of set up East Coast warehouses or like, hey, we have all this hand sanitizer. We don't know what to do with it And the alley folks like, oh, yeah, here's how you make like a DIY, like, you know, a center block heater using hand sanitizer and old beer can and a center block or something. You can give it to your houseless neighbors and just like, you know, Santa's eyes are burned. So burn it
And the alley folks like, oh, yeah, here's how you make like a DIY, like, you know, a center block heater using hand sanitizer and old beer can and a center block or something. You can give it to your houseless neighbors and just like, you know, Santa's eyes are burned. So burn it So burn it. Keep people warm. It's always fun to see kind of a creative grassroots solutions to these sort of supply chain problems. For sure. And that is kind of crazy. And what up. Yeah, we have more people. And as Taylor says, go tell your friends. Please, and thank you
So burn it. Keep people warm. It's always fun to see kind of a creative grassroots solutions to these sort of supply chain problems. For sure. And that is kind of crazy. And what up. Yeah, we have more people. And as Taylor says, go tell your friends. Please, and thank you So I would say like, there were a couple questions that came up for me while you were doing this. And it's so crazy. Because I think when I think when I think of Taylor, I think that's what I'm going to do. I think super smart techie person
So I would say like, there were a couple questions that came up for me while you were doing this. And it's so crazy. Because I think when I think when I think of Taylor, I think that's what I'm going to do. I think super smart techie person And then there's also this like whole like, you know, supply chain distributed stuff that I'm also like, I'm pretty sure you've told me like seven times about this stuff. And I'm just like, that's a lot to like wrap my head around because it's also really cool
And then there's also this like whole like, you know, supply chain distributed stuff that I'm also like, I'm pretty sure you've told me like seven times about this stuff. And I'm just like, that's a lot to like wrap my head around because it's also really cool But I don't know anybody else in that field or doing anything. What goes into a container like how can you help us conceptualize how big one of these containers are or what might go into them. Yeah
But I don't know anybody else in that field or doing anything. What goes into a container like how can you help us conceptualize how big one of these containers are or what might go into them. Yeah Yeah. I mean, a container is not quite but approximately the same size is like an 18 wheeler, right? Like not the cab side. But if you take the back of the truck like that's some talk. Malone talk about full trucks full containers is like a full 40 foot shipping container or 53 foot 18 wheel truck
Yeah. I mean, a container is not quite but approximately the same size is like an 18 wheeler, right? Like not the cab side. But if you take the back of the truck like that's some talk. Malone talk about full trucks full containers is like a full 40 foot shipping container or 53 foot 18 wheel truck And yeah, no, they can store lots of things that usually most shipments have 100,000 plus items on there. Yeah. And a good example, a community collected side like for a shipment to Greece
And yeah, no, they can store lots of things that usually most shipments have 100,000 plus items on there. Yeah. And a good example, a community collected side like for a shipment to Greece So we just reopened up our UK to Greece route after a few years of dealing with Greek bureaucracy after Brexit. You'll have men's, women's and children's clothing targeted to the upcoming season. You'll have different hygiene products
So we just reopened up our UK to Greece route after a few years of dealing with Greek bureaucracy after Brexit. You'll have men's, women's and children's clothing targeted to the upcoming season. You'll have different hygiene products So you can imagine a whole variety of basic hygiene products there. So shampoo's razors, you know, sanitary pads, right. You'll have maybe some educational or toys and activities sort of materials, depending on, you know, toys, games, notebooks, pens pencils, sometimes
So you can imagine a whole variety of basic hygiene products there. So shampoo's razors, you know, sanitary pads, right. You'll have maybe some educational or toys and activities sort of materials, depending on, you know, toys, games, notebooks, pens pencils, sometimes What else would go in there shelter items like 10 sleeping bags. So there's a lot of like basic survival stuff, right
What else would go in there shelter items like 10 sleeping bags. So there's a lot of like basic survival stuff, right We kind of look at the globally accepted sphere humanitarian standards and have kind of extended that to add different items that we think people deserve to have as like a base level. And to kind of adjust things to the grassroots context, right. We can't provide housing, but we can provide tents
We kind of look at the globally accepted sphere humanitarian standards and have kind of extended that to add different items that we think people deserve to have as like a base level. And to kind of adjust things to the grassroots context, right. We can't provide housing, but we can provide tents And you know, a lot of it comes down to like what does it take for humans to survive with some measure of dignity, right
And you know, a lot of it comes down to like what does it take for humans to survive with some measure of dignity, right Not literally just survive, but you know, like have the basics they need to go out and face the life in a refugee camp or in a border and a squad or something, you know, enough dignity to core them to improve their own situation
Not literally just survive, but you know, like have the basics they need to go out and face the life in a refugee camp or in a border and a squad or something, you know, enough dignity to core them to improve their own situation And that's why we talk about solidarity, that charity is we recognize that we can't solve the problem with this aid
And that's why we talk about solidarity, that charity is we recognize that we can't solve the problem with this aid We can give people, you know, enough support for them to continue solving their own problems as they deal with the disaster or deal with, you know, the asylum process or something like that. Yeah
We can give people, you know, enough support for them to continue solving their own problems as they deal with the disaster or deal with, you know, the asylum process or something like that. Yeah Yeah. Like what? What would be a good way of asking this like y'all like have so many donations and of course, always seen more is majority of the stuff when their ships somewhere, is it all brand new or like, let's say clothing, is that used or? Totally. Really depends on the source
Yeah. Like what? What would be a good way of asking this like y'all like have so many donations and of course, always seen more is majority of the stuff when their ships somewhere, is it all brand new or like, let's say clothing, is that used or? Totally. Really depends on the source So from like our in kind donors program, if you're a large company that wants to donate, you know, a full truck of something or more recently over when I break this 20 trucks of lactose free oat milk to your crane. And so yeah, lots
So from like our in kind donors program, if you're a large company that wants to donate, you know, a full truck of something or more recently over when I break this 20 trucks of lactose free oat milk to your crane. And so yeah, lots And so yeah, lots. Yeah, no, it's like, you know, it's like a couple of hundred thousand people getting their daring needs met for a month. That's going to be new stuff, right. So, so it's coming from a company, whether a buying it or it's a donation, that's all going to be new product
And so yeah, lots. Yeah, no, it's like, you know, it's like a couple of hundred thousand people getting their daring needs met for a month. That's going to be new stuff, right. So, so it's coming from a company, whether a buying it or it's a donation, that's all going to be new product You know, maybe slightly used if we're getting like returns, right, but still like stuff they might sell like a small markdown, you know, on the shop floor. Community collection is a mix of both. We definitely enjoy and encourage community donations, right. Second hand donations
You know, maybe slightly used if we're getting like returns, right, but still like stuff they might sell like a small markdown, you know, on the shop floor. Community collection is a mix of both. We definitely enjoy and encourage community donations, right. Second hand donations We just launched a new bit on our website, our resources section, which has our first guide, the sort guide, which is the community kind of quality control and sorting standards for these used items. So there's definitely a quality control step in there. But I think that's really good
We just launched a new bit on our website, our resources section, which has our first guide, the sort guide, which is the community kind of quality control and sorting standards for these used items. So there's definitely a quality control step in there. But I think that's really good There's a lot of things that we own that might not wear those clothes again or we might have moved and not need that set of sheets again or something like that
There's a lot of things that we own that might not wear those clothes again or we might have moved and not need that set of sheets again or something like that You know, and then so as long as it's clean and we can sort it appropriately, send it to the right place, then we want to get the value out of that product. Yeah. And then on the, you know, the community also buys new stuff. This isn't super efficient, but it is very motivating for donors
You know, and then so as long as it's clean and we can sort it appropriately, send it to the right place, then we want to get the value out of that product. Yeah. And then on the, you know, the community also buys new stuff. This isn't super efficient, but it is very motivating for donors I want to like give people something, right. Or still wanting to donate cash, you know, to fund the shipping costs and things like that
I want to like give people something, right. Or still wanting to donate cash, you know, to fund the shipping costs and things like that But totally understands, you know, wanting to bring something to the community center and, you know, drop off a handful of canned groceries or hygiene products or new socks and underwear, for example, wouldn't accept any use underwear or anything. Yeah, for sure
But totally understands, you know, wanting to bring something to the community center and, you know, drop off a handful of canned groceries or hygiene products or new socks and underwear, for example, wouldn't accept any use underwear or anything. Yeah, for sure Yeah, for sure. Sometimes those are easier to manage, right, because they're new, right. Sometimes the use stuff is more complicated on the flip side. Sometimes it's harder to manage because it's a lot of the same type of item, but it might be different brands
Yeah, for sure. Sometimes those are easier to manage, right, because they're new, right. Sometimes the use stuff is more complicated on the flip side. Sometimes it's harder to manage because it's a lot of the same type of item, but it might be different brands So depending on what it is, you know, for example, the laptops, those are dangerous goods. So we'll, you know, work with our partners that do educational programs and Lebanon, right
So depending on what it is, you know, for example, the laptops, those are dangerous goods. So we'll, you know, work with our partners that do educational programs and Lebanon, right And they'll do a community collection of laptop campaigns, but then they give us a list of like, you know, 200 different makes and models of different laptops. And we got to go hunt down the individual material safety data sheet, you know, for that particular brand of laptop. Yeah
And they'll do a community collection of laptop campaigns, but then they give us a list of like, you know, 200 different makes and models of different laptops. And we got to go hunt down the individual material safety data sheet, you know, for that particular brand of laptop. Yeah Yeah. So like sometimes we just help people like, now, don't, don't do that through community collections. It's not going to be worth it. Or, you know, it's better to, and that's why we have these different strategies. Right. And that's why, you know, we want to mix abuse day
Yeah. So like sometimes we just help people like, now, don't, don't do that through community collections. It's not going to be worth it. Or, you know, it's better to, and that's why we have these different strategies. Right. And that's why, you know, we want to mix abuse day We want some new stuff that depends on the item, which one's more efficient to get, which one is, you know, appropriate or not appropriate. Yeah. And Aaron is blowing up our chat with the top. There's a high. Hi. Also, yes, about the laptops. Aaron, don't apologize. It means we have
We want some new stuff that depends on the item, which one's more efficient to get, which one is, you know, appropriate or not appropriate. Yeah. And Aaron is blowing up our chat with the top. There's a high. Hi. Also, yes, about the laptops. Aaron, don't apologize. It means we have It means we have. How about somebody up on the stream to chat with us? Yeah, you want to you are more than welcome. And like we are, this is a co working time. Yeah, talking to me. We got snacks now. We can say this is perfect. Yeah, come join. Let me let me hold on
It means we have. How about somebody up on the stream to chat with us? Yeah, you want to you are more than welcome. And like we are, this is a co working time. Yeah, talking to me. We got snacks now. We can say this is perfect. Yeah, come join. Let me let me hold on Because I can't like process right now, I'm going to DM it to you on Twitter just so you know where I'm DMing it. Because there's too many things going on. I'm not a background music. Okay. I said it. Yeah. Yeah. I'm excited. Aaron's awesome. Yeah. No, definitely. Welcome to the cohort
Because I can't like process right now, I'm going to DM it to you on Twitter just so you know where I'm DMing it. Because there's too many things going on. I'm not a background music. Okay. I said it. Yeah. Yeah. I'm excited. Aaron's awesome. Yeah. No, definitely. Welcome to the cohort Aaron and you're, you're definitely like welcome to just hang it on streaming. I know. I know. Give me nice like to chat for a minute. And I think we all got to there she is. What up? Aaron. Hi guys. Hi. Like we. Or like shinin your jacket. Thanks
Aaron and you're, you're definitely like welcome to just hang it on streaming. I know. I know. Give me nice like to chat for a minute. And I think we all got to there she is. What up? Aaron. Hi guys. Hi. Like we. Or like shinin your jacket. Thanks Thanks. So because Aaron and I talked about makeup last time, we were on a conference together. And I'm kind of streaming. You're kind of kind of streaming when you're comfortable. Yeah, we were talking about makeup. And okay, so I love the bowl
Thanks. So because Aaron and I talked about makeup last time, we were on a conference together. And I'm kind of streaming. You're kind of kind of streaming when you're comfortable. Yeah, we were talking about makeup. And okay, so I love the bowl I think it's what it's called where you buy glasses and they had an ad on Facebook where I was like cool. I do want those glasses maybe some day, but I mean that lipstick that the person was worried. I was really admiring that. And then like I have this for it. It's like covered in dog slumber
I think it's what it's called where you buy glasses and they had an ad on Facebook where I was like cool. I do want those glasses maybe some day, but I mean that lipstick that the person was worried. I was really admiring that. And then like I have this for it. It's like covered in dog slumber I have a look at my dog. So let me wipe the dogs. This is like we're going to keep the makeup turned going. I have like four cubes. Lipstick and three things in the polish of my desk. And nice. This is a brand I bought because I got TikTok influenced by this account called the lipstick lesbians
I have a look at my dog. So let me wipe the dogs. This is like we're going to keep the makeup turned going. I have like four cubes. Lipstick and three things in the polish of my desk. And nice. This is a brand I bought because I got TikTok influenced by this account called the lipstick lesbians Their lesbians that are lipstick makeup chemists and beauty founders. What? That's cool. They're like the greatest and there's, there's scientific though
Their lesbians that are lipstick makeup chemists and beauty founders. What? That's cool. They're like the greatest and there's, there's scientific though Like talk about the ingredients and how it like changes how it appears on your face and like why different gradients work on different face types. TikTok account top 10, but their lipstick is also really great
Like talk about the ingredients and how it like changes how it appears on your face and like why different gradients work on different face types. TikTok account top 10, but their lipstick is also really great And they talked about like the different like what they chose to invest in that is higher quality and what they chose not to invest in. Like when you get lipstick, sometimes they have like a logo impressed on the actual stick of lipstick. And that's expensive
And they talked about like the different like what they chose to invest in that is higher quality and what they chose not to invest in. Like when you get lipstick, sometimes they have like a logo impressed on the actual stick of lipstick. And that's expensive But they have a, this one has like a magnetic class that is still expensive, but it is cheaper than impressing your logo on the lipstick. But it still provides the feeling of luxury things I learned on TikTok. That's cool
But they have a, this one has like a magnetic class that is still expensive, but it is cheaper than impressing your logo on the lipstick. But it still provides the feeling of luxury things I learned on TikTok. That's cool That's cool. That are completely not related to the talk of so to see where you're going to like get me to review these nails. By the end of the screen. Do it. Do it. Maybe I'm still snacking. My urge for free is. I'm going to. Aaron. I adore this, but. And Taylor, like
That's cool. That are completely not related to the talk of so to see where you're going to like get me to review these nails. By the end of the screen. Do it. Do it. Maybe I'm still snacking. My urge for free is. I'm going to. Aaron. I adore this, but. And Taylor, like And Taylor, like. We did rail the conversation, but I feel like this is one of the fun things about. I was really enjoying that because I was actually like learning about a lot of. That's the hardest part. It's hard to get laptops there. It's hard to get laptops there
And Taylor, like. We did rail the conversation, but I feel like this is one of the fun things about. I was really enjoying that because I was actually like learning about a lot of. That's the hardest part. It's hard to get laptops there. It's hard to get laptops there I did not realize that this is like things for like a month, literal months. And I was like, just put a lot of things in the mail and insurance. So it's good, right? Hopefully, all are software folks are like. Oh, yes, continuous delivery
I did not realize that this is like things for like a month, literal months. And I was like, just put a lot of things in the mail and insurance. So it's good, right? Hopefully, all are software folks are like. Oh, yes, continuous delivery Just hit a button and it goes global and like dollar-edged servers. Like, you know, like it might show up in three months, or it might show up in four months. show up in three months or it might show up in four months and we'll get it there
Just hit a button and it goes global and like dollar-edged servers. Like, you know, like it might show up in three months, or it might show up in four months. show up in three months or it might show up in four months and we'll get it there I can guarantee you that but like I was a hardware product manager for two months Taylor. Yeah yeah yeah and then I quit that job because the person you hired me was like this is talking about jobs that were not a fit
I can guarantee you that but like I was a hardware product manager for two months Taylor. Yeah yeah yeah and then I quit that job because the person you hired me was like this is talking about jobs that were not a fit I worked somewhere I had three titles in eight months it was not great it's a job I quit one of those experiences but any who they were like yeah software product management hardware product management aren't that different right
I worked somewhere I had three titles in eight months it was not great it's a job I quit one of those experiences but any who they were like yeah software product management hardware product management aren't that different right No that sounds totally different like I was like I have no idea what I'm doing in this thing I like would look at things and they'd send me like the specs of like cab files and I was like I can open them that's a file I am forwarded to someone like this is like call it engineer be like tell me what this means okay I know yeah I love the way it's by the way John I'm just like what color is this
No that sounds totally different like I was like I have no idea what I'm doing in this thing I like would look at things and they'd send me like the specs of like cab files and I was like I can open them that's a file I am forwarded to someone like this is like call it engineer be like tell me what this means okay I know yeah I love the way it's by the way John I'm just like what color is this Fusion
Fusion No no I know that color I know that color that color is trouble let me tell you that color is like it was nice talking to you after the first aid and I'm gonna leave you well not alone if you're aware I do think I have a lipstick this color it is the hold on it is in the that's a cuz I used to have this bright of bright pink like first off I'm gonna see if they have a dupe in the freaking fem power beauty okay cuz I mean I can bring it back up but we were talking about more serious things than makeup and I think I think I need to go find the lipstick lesbians is what you call them are it's they're they're take talk is legit the lipstick lesbians okay okay cuz I know that's super super great they also have a pin they still a pin that says boss has bitch I do own that as well okay here's the the oh I where did my window that has the sorry I'm like sweary today no that's cool that's a nice thing fuck it I'm a logistician so you know if we're making this more like a co-work I'm just gonna be myself and curse words are loud the only thing that I would say that I don't know how to turn off spam so if you see a spam in the chat please I just linked the the lipstick lesbians in the chat to all of our channels in case anybody would like to look it up there's their products and like this is here I'll even demo I don't even know how to be a beauty YouTuber this is gonna be my attempt everybody I'm gonna pretend this is fem power beauty this is the color Eve I bought it as part of it boss bitch pack became the pin and I was influenced and it came with a red and a pink and I really like hot pink lipstick so this is a pink put it on but I put liquid on for the night's probably gonna look crap hmm so right I'm actually gonna take a moment I'm sorry not to cut you off here go for it oh no no I'm just gonna say I thought the lipstick would take longer but you're pro usually I'm like dabbing a lot I'm like trying to clean it up you know anyways no I'm genuinely saying earlier we're talking about more serious things let me make beauty and makeup serious for a second one of the biggest issues that we see in these refugee camp environments is bored of right people have very little agency in their own lives you know unfortunately the way that governments from these camps like doesn't allow for people to take care of themselves in a real sense you know NGOs and the government kind of doing a lot of things for you right like serving you meals instead of letting you cook for your family so I always love seeing my different you know like site visits and stuff like that the the kind of wellness programs that folks set up and one of the really fun ones I of course couldn't see it directly myself but some of my female colleagues got to participate in like beauty classes and stuff like that and it's just like a bunch of like teenage like Middle Eastern or African girls hanging out you know with some like mid-20s like European Shicks and they got you know some donated beauty products and everyone was like doing their hair and their nails and like it was like a fun way to spend the afternoon and create a safe environment to tochit chat right yeah so it's literally like everything that we use in our day-to-day lives right like is something that could potentially be helpful if you got someone running the right program out there which leads me to something that I do a lot Aaron I'm always pitching so if them how are beauty ever wants to donate a palette or more of beauty products or maybe do a partnership you know you do like a Tom Shoes like buy one and we'll gift one do a refugee or something like that right about it I'm not affiliated with them I'm just a purchaser no I'm gonna I'm influenced yes there you go I've influenced because I really want to buy this set and I don't know her I hate it what I don't know somebody's being and I follow them on TikTok or like whatever social media and I'm like I can tell you all about their content don't remember their name it's really awkward because she lives in Brooklyn too and like I'm Mr
No no I know that color I know that color that color is trouble let me tell you that color is like it was nice talking to you after the first aid and I'm gonna leave you well not alone if you're aware I do think I have a lipstick this color it is the hold on it is in the that's a cuz I used to have this bright of bright pink like first off I'm gonna see if they have a dupe in the freaking fem power beauty okay cuz I mean I can bring it back up but we were talking about more serious things than makeup and I think I think I need to go find the lipstick lesbians is what you call them are it's they're they're take talk is legit the lipstick lesbians okay okay cuz I know that's super super great they also have a pin they still a pin that says boss has bitch I do own that as well okay here's the the oh I where did my window that has the sorry I'm like sweary today no that's cool that's a nice thing fuck it I'm a logistician so you know if we're making this more like a co-work I'm just gonna be myself and curse words are loud the only thing that I would say that I don't know how to turn off spam so if you see a spam in the chat please I just linked the the lipstick lesbians in the chat to all of our channels in case anybody would like to look it up there's their products and like this is here I'll even demo I don't even know how to be a beauty YouTuber this is gonna be my attempt everybody I'm gonna pretend this is fem power beauty this is the color Eve I bought it as part of it boss bitch pack became the pin and I was influenced and it came with a red and a pink and I really like hot pink lipstick so this is a pink put it on but I put liquid on for the night's probably gonna look crap hmm so right I'm actually gonna take a moment I'm sorry not to cut you off here go for it oh no no I'm just gonna say I thought the lipstick would take longer but you're pro usually I'm like dabbing a lot I'm like trying to clean it up you know anyways no I'm genuinely saying earlier we're talking about more serious things let me make beauty and makeup serious for a second one of the biggest issues that we see in these refugee camp environments is bored of right people have very little agency in their own lives you know unfortunately the way that governments from these camps like doesn't allow for people to take care of themselves in a real sense you know NGOs and the government kind of doing a lot of things for you right like serving you meals instead of letting you cook for your family so I always love seeing my different you know like site visits and stuff like that the the kind of wellness programs that folks set up and one of the really fun ones I of course couldn't see it directly myself but some of my female colleagues got to participate in like beauty classes and stuff like that and it's just like a bunch of like teenage like Middle Eastern or African girls hanging out you know with some like mid-20s like European Shicks and they got you know some donated beauty products and everyone was like doing their hair and their nails and like it was like a fun way to spend the afternoon and create a safe environment to tochit chat right yeah so it's literally like everything that we use in our day-to-day lives right like is something that could potentially be helpful if you got someone running the right program out there which leads me to something that I do a lot Aaron I'm always pitching so if them how are beauty ever wants to donate a palette or more of beauty products or maybe do a partnership you know you do like a Tom Shoes like buy one and we'll gift one do a refugee or something like that right about it I'm not affiliated with them I'm just a purchaser no I'm gonna I'm influenced yes there you go I've influenced because I really want to buy this set and I don't know her I hate it what I don't know somebody's being and I follow them on TikTok or like whatever social media and I'm like I can tell you all about their content don't remember their name it's really awkward because she lives in Brooklyn too and like I'm Mr by three hours at the creed store and then I was like oh shit and I was like what if I did run into her and I was like what I'd like this human this human is on TikTok and I follow her on TikTok and I don't know her name but it's a really pretty pink and I think this is the pink I want to get there you guys go I have found a that is something I watch a lot on TikToks you is how brands don't color shade correctly they say that they go super dark and they don't it's nice yeah then you would love the lipstick lesbians account like that's a great account for this time yes okay because they do a lot of that kind of stuff and she's like this bullshit and let's talk about like the problems and like all of these are owned by like the same three people and I'm like mm-hmm calm out calm out yay so what we were talking about was just like more of like the background of distributed and what they do oh did I do that rude not bad yeah you just got to stop and restart this framework it's just gotta do it over yeah but that's what I love about co-working is kind of just how it rolls you know like is like there is a huge difference between like co-working and trying to showcase something yeah where co-working is just kind of like fun you know I know you have things you wanted to work on Taylor did you want to show us that or we want to work on oh hey Erin I'm working on making a open source onboarding tracks wow because I want to tell you I just completely blank what I was trying to tell you I love this can I jump in for just a second that's looks like a great way to kind of move us towards the more practical side of the co-working maybe if Erin would be so kind you could show like tell Erin about the dev champions program and show her your work and kind of where you're at with it as a way to just catch yourself up as well and then you know switch the co-working that would give me about 10 minutes here to set up the get pod and kind of get ready on the coding side and then when you're ready I can kind of switch in for the yeah yeah yeah and I can get kicked off whenever I want I just tuning because I saw Jen was live and I was like it's like no it's like my excuse for body doubling yeah that's that's kind of exactly what we're doing I was like I just need someone to like hold me accountable because I'm so be working on a talk and yeah yeah if you're happy to give Jen 10 minutes here and I just give her some kind of walk you talk to me all about it yep yeah right I will I will share this for me but I'm gonna be right back to calling it's more copy and I get this good pop down so this is the part of this is from like over a month ago which is kind of funny of we're working on building different tracks not that same Dan Bray like medium zoom medium zoom of like different tracks that people can join after they go through a boot camp where like it will give them task to do to help them go from like a boot camp to project management or design or content or front end or visualization and eventually we will have it where it'll be like everybody has the same like first four weeks of like it's the same thing everything of time so everybody's on a level playing ground and then whatever is going on at distribute aid will be their second eight weeks to help walk them through it and also give back to distribute aid and the goal at the very end is to give them a certificate that shows that they did this they worked with us and that they are more higher-erable yeah and it's like real working experience which is the most important part like it's something they can turn around and showcase which I like and I like to focus on like project management because I think we don't talk about that enough and like how much of project management is like wrangling people across like all different functions yes it's crazy to me that people don't talk enough about that it's literally hurting counts it is there's a joke about that it is and so my next goal wow did you just like say say put is to build out one of these as the test one and to get that ready to roll out before we build out the rest of the track and organize this not organize and make it pretty so it's readable if anybody wants to look at it and oh yeah good question it is worth hauling it currently like developer champions program or actually impactful developers or if you think about like Microsoft and vp's and stuff like that kind of stuff it definitely is I'm working on building it out so we can launch it and you can join us like I'm curious and this is a big part of it is like finding out which track we should start with I'm thinking more front-end because it's visible and could have a higher impact on being able to get more people interested in it long-term but I mean I'm slightly biased because I learned front-end first and like I'm like a scary scary like just now I'm feeling starting to feel comfortable and a terminal um look out my docker skills got tough talked to me about containers but only kind of slightly because sometimes they break and I don't know how to fix them so I cry a little and then I go back to see what I did a little but like I started in front-end and it's like and my brain it's like that's the easier way and we're in two and a way to start but like I also recognize that I'm not everybody I get that I get that I think it's definitely something where it would I don't know I feel like I'm not way to but I don't know if it's the way the industry is or just I found a lot of people like me to front-end first one and I think that like there's some challenges to just to have an answer in context our main project we start people off with is our landing site so we don't really have a back-end right we're using Gatsby as like a static site generator um and there's like the back-end side of that which would be ingesting and processing data on the Gatsby side right where you do have to connect to other APIs you know do some like data processing dump it into Gatsby's graph QL side right so there is like a back-end or kind of a middle-end side here but we don't have like a full um back-end um yeah so generally you talk in like when you say front-end you know are you looking like like the landing sites full stack or are you talking about more of like the front-end UI kind of implementation inside of that right I would say more of the UI just and that's where I am a little stuck because when we talk to Jess it totally made sense of just doing a um let's starting with one track first but then also how do you make it something comfortable that like a project manager or somebody else could use and that's why I'm thinking also front-end like the UI because that is something that as a project manager in the past it is very annoying to have to wait for everybody when I'm like y'all we need this done it's a simple fix I already have access I'm just gonna go fix it yeah um which to me it's like those when you're working with nonprofits or growing companies or startups you kind of have to have that like know how to do that kind of stuff and it I feel like it's a bit more universal than you know trying to talk about project management which is kind of helpful but if you're just somebody that just wants to be told what to do and not have to think about the overall picture I don't know if that would really help yeah yeah for sure like the project manager might need to be like more involved the code can be a bit more directed um yeah that's interesting what I might recommend is like so maybe tracks was initially the wrong concept especially if you want to do like one track right and one of the thing here is that like we also need the balance capacity we can't have like 10 people all contribute to the UI side of the front ends because we're not going to be able to create enough issues everybody wants a different color um but it was more like I'm thinking for the first four weeks of like showing them how um it's done it everything's done in with CoZ and you know do it in a PR and kind of stuff and if we have the same default area that's something that they can do and then maybe the next four weeks we specialize because I really like that model um because what is it is about to say it was like like maybe it's not tracks but it's more of like merit badges or something you know the like you know the Scrap is right and you can do different you can kind of upgrade your merit badge right so you can do the same thing but like you get better at better at archery or whatever right or you can get a whole variety of different ones it's a bit more choose your own adventure and I feel like that's a scalable thing of like if we do these kind of four week you know so let's say let's call it a tour right you want to do an open source tour you know yeah skill tree right like love that you know that that's where I'm getting a lot of inspiration from is like you know there's a different kind of skill train open source development then and commercial development uh yeah so it's like maybe call it a tour and everyone has to start with the same first four weeks which is how to contribute to open source at distributing right give them that same background like you were talking about make sure everyone's on the same page there um and then they can choose different areas of the code base to walk through so if you wanted to do like a UI area right uh versus like maybe one of these more Gatsby data processing things and that means that we can kind of stand those up you know uh oh that's where I went yeah um last mirror or is this another tool it's another tool um it's uh lucid charts oh I have it's funny giant is that Nicole just signed up for Mirro because she saw someone else using mirrors I love mirror compared to lucid charts all right you'll switch to mirror I would rather switch because it's like mirror um has it where like I can like scroll out forever ever yeah here actually I have you guys want to see I can show me oh I got a mirror board up actually right now I say that I currently lost my mirror board funny wait I got it yes it has my sticky notes all right ignore my it I mean it's not very far of thinking so that's my thing I'm working on I'm giving a talk and Pi data Berlin and it's my first yay wow I've done talks so far but I haven't done like talks being like this has code in it my do I have to show the screen oh there we go nice yeah and so this is mirror but I mean so far this is just like I mean my proposal's already been accepted I was like here I'm structuring it and it was like here's my intro opensource landscape here's how I'm gonna structure it here's the process and this is the part I'm scared back because there's gonna be a brief demo right here no and then here's a conclusion and then I was like how have other people to show the zoomi effect well nice I see chat GPT so so I'm gonna add a suggest you add a box there which is just ethics of whatever chat GP think you're talking about yeah so exactly so like the talk I'm giving on is on reinforcement learning for large language models and large data models so it's like hey big models like when you bring large models you get internet size devices yeah and so here's a way to effectively train and retrain at a lower cost models wow so it's like yeah and so but like I was like here's how do people show the processes before because this is like three days of computing power so like I'm not gonna go up there and do that and then like here's a bunch of other ways that people have done it and then so far this is the Aaron brain yeah you can like scroll up forever but I don't have any stuff on yeah because like you can do a different part yeah you can share different parts exactly so if I only want someone to see a certain part of it I can and but it's still all together because that's where my brain goes yeah yeah like I sent this and it's got like notebooks and yes reminds me of like a little bit more like thick wire or something it's more like we use both where I work where it's like um depending on like what team you're coordinating with but yes if uh Miro is an option I would love to switch over yeah yeah go out slack michael okay that reminds me I need to add uh like on this account to you like a beauty but yes uh agreed with you on Taylor macho the blog post coming out soon on chat gp4 or gpt4 it's no longer just chat because they have computer vision in it but it's actually like long it's interesting but also not like it's it's I have more like I'm interested more in like the open source aspect of it and like that's the part that I find more scary is like the fact that like so much of our machine learning and our data and our research we've done out in the open especially in the world it's like machine learning and like I should for work and I like work in machine learning and like I'm in the data side of it so it's like hey the philosophy of like where I work is like good data makes good reduced ethics you know if you have good data you get better models done yeah and it's like if these tools I personally believe like we're not running away like models and machine learning isn't going away no you can't put the gene back into the bottle right yeah you can't put the gene back into the bottle but it's also been around since like the 1970s like computing and human computer interaction has been around since we started connecting computers together like that's essentially the core of it um and so it's just like but so much of it has come from academia that they've built in the open which is really cool and exciting and now it's scary as a lot of these companies are like no competitive advantage covering it up and that's like I'm like yeah yeah well we see that happen a lot right where there is a lot that comes out of you know like the internet right it really came out of government funded research you know like military stuff um like really confident yeah exactly and then like very quickly there's this like capitalization phase which like commodifies these things for the masses which makes them more accessible which in some ways is good but is also like very commercially driven and very closed right you see the same thing with pharmaceuticals where like the government pays for all this research you know essentially fronting like the risk you know associated with a lot of these at the university level um and then it gets commercialized and people can't afford you know like insulin right um yeah yeah that's why I'm all of the open source ticket to the man yeah yeah yeah that's why I have an information wants to be free kind of pirate sort of lives yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah it's not really because it's like I'm all talking about like yeah it seems very bad but we just use these as tools for model retraining and whatnot yeah for sure that was interesting I think um is it Sam Altman with open AI which is like you should just take the open app now somehow his charity turned into like uh the for-profit and they're not releasing the training date anymore and all this stuff I was wondering um yeah it's a world we live in yeah I'm glad that like this is coming about now because everyone's like ring or whatever you know iot device that's been getting hacked and spying on them and collecting data for the past like 10 years uh you can now we can now train so um have you ever read that there's a book um surveillance capitalism as a sassana java if you ever really want to really hate your phone and throw it out the window i'm already watching the station i'm not that smart in three books like yeah that's one that you like read and you're like i'm gonna throw it out the window and you're like i hate my life and i'm gonna live off the great and amount for three weeks yeah i love that it's interesting in belgary there's a point during the pandemic where they installed a bunch of um chinese spy attack like there's definitely a big like chinese kind of commercial influence in belgary and so suddenly they're like they already have these like parking enforcement cars with a bunch of cameras on them that would just scan the road and like automatically issue parking tickets essentially they've had violations um like they'd scan the license plate you know just drive around the block once an hour and ticket everybody was like late moving the car um but they yeah with cameras like very blatant camera sets i'm sure like cell phones and stuff we're connecting to the wifi there like the cell tower on that sort of camera tower um yeah it's interesting like seeing the surveillance capitalism side in the US but then like the more authoritarian surveillance but like using the same tools like distributed network of ring doorbells versus like state installed you know kind of camo thing almost looks like an angel you know the biblical drawings of angels with all the eyes all over them oh yeah yeah yeah yeah that's what we're doing we're like recreating like these monstrous angels with a bunch of cameras just staring at it it's just Jesus again yeah this is cringe uh okay my trackpad died I went to go do that and now we're talking about angels and swallowing tech and okay blending yeah that usually with me it goes to the world's end to get some point in the conversation I mean I just kind of assume the world's gonna be dead for a while this kind of my thing I I don't know I'm like got a hope right like I want to know like which way it's gonna go on my lifetime um but my retirement plan is to run the toy warehouse at the refugee camp at the end of the world it's like I'm gonna be everyone's friend just remember me when it all goes south yeah I'll bring nail polish there we go yeah I'll trade in that balance for teddy bears perfect perfect perfect I'll bring lipstick great I'm in I'll trade I'll try to go who's got glitter yes you'd have a whole tea party we got tea party yeah okay great end of the world's party plan good cool um but I did hit up Nicole to get access to Miro and I feel like that is gonna be a lot easier to like get this going because I forgot there was this already a second page because it doesn't buy default show up that there's a second page huh like I it doesn't show up at the bottom I mostly just make like charts to present in in those tools yeah um I don't even know how to get back to it now that I got it but do we get you uh hi Aaron hi I love you I'm gonna actually talk about I'm gonna go work on my talk about reinforcement learning of large language models here in japan in April yeah uh you're really explaining by Belgrade you're welcome to hang out with our European team we'll do we'll do go bye bye all right that was fun yeah I was really needed uh your time wise get set up and everything no I'm just there just give me one sec to make sure I pushed all the code and like the branch has working on um and then I can share my spend this my cutting okay because I was just gonna say I like uh there are I don't know how I'm gonna do this I still need to learn how to do like multiple pages I am a very visual person we're like if I can't see it it doesn't exist that's correct and um I did not know that there were more pages on here until I made a new page now I don't know how to get back I just want to see it oh and just oh okay that's what it means um I mean I can share what I'm doing right now until you're ready yeah yeah if I could just get three more minutes I there's like some unfinished changes I just need to push up and move over it's me trying to figure out how to go back and find all of the pages that's okay yeah oh right no no oh what the hell is it no oh you ready no why would you do this hey just go oh one of them was important you know what it is like switching out over here like a best I don't know I feel you're both frustrated you tell her right now it's like uh I don't know what do you want to do oh page count oh there's three pages okay how do I see my other pages no no no no no no no no change out of layout oh what did that no that is not what I wanted okay I'm sharing my screen now uh you can switch to me whenever you're ready uh yay cool hey everybody I can't see the chat is the only thing Jen I got you I got you cool so today y'all I'm working on some stuff for our generic pages um yeah it's gonna be pages like uh our needs like the overview of our needs explorer things like this so it's kind of different content blocks that our admin objects can create in the content management system and get them to show up on a page right now it's just titles and text that's a bit boring working on adding images um and uh yeah I want to want to get this is a great way to get a lot of content out the door for us without having to like a hard code a bunch of pages so that's where we're at um I'm catching up because it's been a few weeks since I've had a chance to uh work on this PR um yeah so where were we at let's see just want to kill the uh default stuff here okay so there what was the branch called feature 972 right and that is going to be these issues just get these pages across the finish line um we can look at maybe the our story page question mark yep yep and that just needs this image stuff and then this pages good so we'll use this as our example issue um everyone see by the way let me I'm gonna bump this up one and let me know if I need to bump up those the font size anymore uh so far it's looking good to me everyone please let us know if we need to bump it up even further but so far so good see I will say as I'm drinking this lovely sparkly grapefruit water don't and this is something like I forgot about and everybody who streams or does video please remember do not drink sparkly water while you're streaming or about to stream or do audio it makes you a bar so if I keep me eating myself excuse me I mean sparkly waters gross so I just avoid it anyways it's uh not a problem oh yeah no um to like ask for tap water and your piano restaurant kind of get oh my gosh I love sparkling water makes me so happy I think it's because I like the taste of the minerals and the water don't know if that's healthy or not but hey yeah maybe maybe it also could be uh my first seven Peru I uh sought it meant like no spark sparkly and I got with sparkles oh yeah I think it's just like I hated it back then and then like it was the only water I had to drink so I got used to it and I think it like forced me to start liking it I don't know yeah yeah I've definitely done that with some some foods I'm thinking one now maybe tomatoes like salads and stuff okay okay it's not like like a whole tomatoes you know but I think I'm over that oh need to mark this as a work in progress love that uh draft yeah there we go draft PR I will say that something that will not work to be able to like force myself to get into is mushrooms it ain't gonna happen well time mushrooms are talking about here I have casual is the uh the hangout any I've had them from all of the world so many different types so like no it's the texture it's the smell it's everything about it I love mushrooms man I love tomatoes can you smell those all day there yeah I do not like I hate the smell of mushrooms mushrooms are one of those things that like people like or don't like I feel like like like you know what's neutral on mushrooms you know I yeah I've noticed that nobody is neutral in mushrooms yeah but it's weird because I like a lot of earthy things all right I don't know how to see your name properly I don't think I've ever asked is it case I do not spell out right excuse my dog in the background if you can hear her how do I say their name Taylor how would you say I'm trying to catch up oh that's a cesium cesium tea cesium empty oh yeah yeah it's like um then the Russians use that as a poisoning method on some owner something oh my well mushrooms are a struggle for them too but their roommate is slowly acclimating them to them because she puts it in everything in her cooking's amazing and off well that's like a good way to get acclimated wow we have so many more viewers now and I will have to say that I do need to step away and take the dog out it's like because she needs to go see the vet she has a UTI so be back shortly I gotta figure out okay well I'll keep it running I'm live coding for all our viewers working on this uh kind of content block for an image with a caption and right now I've broken our dev server so that's fun um yeah get caught up on what I'm doing it looks like date uploaded does not match expected type okay and that is a nice looking timestamp right there do we have to convert it to a date or something what is going on so we're gonna look and Gatsby what we're trying to do right now is correctly process uh this information from our content management system and expose it through the Gatsby GraphQL API um yeah so content blocks get that going here sweet and we're looking for our image block okay we see this date uploaded as a date that was it okay date uploaded get date property it says does not match expected type so that makes me think get date property here wrote a little helper the whole generic helper um so this is if we get an object which is any right from our data source like uh mark down header metadata um we can uh kind of coerce it into a type or throne error during build um which lets us take advantage of our type scripts um properties yeah so here I'm saying if it's an instance of date right um and I think what we want to do here is basically say oh if it's a string then return it as a date right here it's like if it's an instance of date and go ahead and yeah it says get date property that's passing in this uh validation thing it's just to get property call so let's go look at get property so this says it's unknown or undefined okay yeah so if it's undefined if it doesn't have a thing or if it does not match the expected type right and then it's going to return the so what can we do here we don't necessarily want it to throw okay so I think what we need to do here it's like an instance of date and we're passing that in object property huh yeah um that's cool so we want to do a conversion step here right so maybe what we can do is like get string property if it's being passed in as a date that's cool we basically don't want this to throw we want it I guess we could catch that I'm just going to hack this together for now and if people actually pass in like a date as an object which doesn't make sense for our sourcing that's okay I hope you all are enjoying this oh no I've lost three stravers three viewers what up we got some info on cesium it's like the uh the water yeah probably not uses the poison explode that's how it was the very exploding one I like that cool okay so here we want to import get string property sweet and that's what we want to do we want to get a string property from uh we can pass in oh so there and then if that succeeds right are dates right there and then uh date equals new date And then you like with JavaScript new date, there's going to be like some nann sort of thing, right
by three hours at the creed store and then I was like oh shit and I was like what if I did run into her and I was like what I'd like this human this human is on TikTok and I follow her on TikTok and I don't know her name but it's a really pretty pink and I think this is the pink I want to get there you guys go I have found a that is something I watch a lot on TikToks you is how brands don't color shade correctly they say that they go super dark and they don't it's nice yeah then you would love the lipstick lesbians account like that's a great account for this time yes okay because they do a lot of that kind of stuff and she's like this bullshit and let's talk about like the problems and like all of these are owned by like the same three people and I'm like mm-hmm calm out calm out yay so what we were talking about was just like more of like the background of distributed and what they do oh did I do that rude not bad yeah you just got to stop and restart this framework it's just gotta do it over yeah but that's what I love about co-working is kind of just how it rolls you know like is like there is a huge difference between like co-working and trying to showcase something yeah where co-working is just kind of like fun you know I know you have things you wanted to work on Taylor did you want to show us that or we want to work on oh hey Erin I'm working on making a open source onboarding tracks wow because I want to tell you I just completely blank what I was trying to tell you I love this can I jump in for just a second that's looks like a great way to kind of move us towards the more practical side of the co-working maybe if Erin would be so kind you could show like tell Erin about the dev champions program and show her your work and kind of where you're at with it as a way to just catch yourself up as well and then you know switch the co-working that would give me about 10 minutes here to set up the get pod and kind of get ready on the coding side and then when you're ready I can kind of switch in for the yeah yeah yeah and I can get kicked off whenever I want I just tuning because I saw Jen was live and I was like it's like no it's like my excuse for body doubling yeah that's that's kind of exactly what we're doing I was like I just need someone to like hold me accountable because I'm so be working on a talk and yeah yeah if you're happy to give Jen 10 minutes here and I just give her some kind of walk you talk to me all about it yep yeah right I will I will share this for me but I'm gonna be right back to calling it's more copy and I get this good pop down so this is the part of this is from like over a month ago which is kind of funny of we're working on building different tracks not that same Dan Bray like medium zoom medium zoom of like different tracks that people can join after they go through a boot camp where like it will give them task to do to help them go from like a boot camp to project management or design or content or front end or visualization and eventually we will have it where it'll be like everybody has the same like first four weeks of like it's the same thing everything of time so everybody's on a level playing ground and then whatever is going on at distribute aid will be their second eight weeks to help walk them through it and also give back to distribute aid and the goal at the very end is to give them a certificate that shows that they did this they worked with us and that they are more higher-erable yeah and it's like real working experience which is the most important part like it's something they can turn around and showcase which I like and I like to focus on like project management because I think we don't talk about that enough and like how much of project management is like wrangling people across like all different functions yes it's crazy to me that people don't talk enough about that it's literally hurting counts it is there's a joke about that it is and so my next goal wow did you just like say say put is to build out one of these as the test one and to get that ready to roll out before we build out the rest of the track and organize this not organize and make it pretty so it's readable if anybody wants to look at it and oh yeah good question it is worth hauling it currently like developer champions program or actually impactful developers or if you think about like Microsoft and vp's and stuff like that kind of stuff it definitely is I'm working on building it out so we can launch it and you can join us like I'm curious and this is a big part of it is like finding out which track we should start with I'm thinking more front-end because it's visible and could have a higher impact on being able to get more people interested in it long-term but I mean I'm slightly biased because I learned front-end first and like I'm like a scary scary like just now I'm feeling starting to feel comfortable and a terminal um look out my docker skills got tough talked to me about containers but only kind of slightly because sometimes they break and I don't know how to fix them so I cry a little and then I go back to see what I did a little but like I started in front-end and it's like and my brain it's like that's the easier way and we're in two and a way to start but like I also recognize that I'm not everybody I get that I get that I think it's definitely something where it would I don't know I feel like I'm not way to but I don't know if it's the way the industry is or just I found a lot of people like me to front-end first one and I think that like there's some challenges to just to have an answer in context our main project we start people off with is our landing site so we don't really have a back-end right we're using Gatsby as like a static site generator um and there's like the back-end side of that which would be ingesting and processing data on the Gatsby side right where you do have to connect to other APIs you know do some like data processing dump it into Gatsby's graph QL side right so there is like a back-end or kind of a middle-end side here but we don't have like a full um back-end um yeah so generally you talk in like when you say front-end you know are you looking like like the landing sites full stack or are you talking about more of like the front-end UI kind of implementation inside of that right I would say more of the UI just and that's where I am a little stuck because when we talk to Jess it totally made sense of just doing a um let's starting with one track first but then also how do you make it something comfortable that like a project manager or somebody else could use and that's why I'm thinking also front-end like the UI because that is something that as a project manager in the past it is very annoying to have to wait for everybody when I'm like y'all we need this done it's a simple fix I already have access I'm just gonna go fix it yeah um which to me it's like those when you're working with nonprofits or growing companies or startups you kind of have to have that like know how to do that kind of stuff and it I feel like it's a bit more universal than you know trying to talk about project management which is kind of helpful but if you're just somebody that just wants to be told what to do and not have to think about the overall picture I don't know if that would really help yeah yeah for sure like the project manager might need to be like more involved the code can be a bit more directed um yeah that's interesting what I might recommend is like so maybe tracks was initially the wrong concept especially if you want to do like one track right and one of the thing here is that like we also need the balance capacity we can't have like 10 people all contribute to the UI side of the front ends because we're not going to be able to create enough issues everybody wants a different color um but it was more like I'm thinking for the first four weeks of like showing them how um it's done it everything's done in with CoZ and you know do it in a PR and kind of stuff and if we have the same default area that's something that they can do and then maybe the next four weeks we specialize because I really like that model um because what is it is about to say it was like like maybe it's not tracks but it's more of like merit badges or something you know the like you know the Scrap is right and you can do different you can kind of upgrade your merit badge right so you can do the same thing but like you get better at better at archery or whatever right or you can get a whole variety of different ones it's a bit more choose your own adventure and I feel like that's a scalable thing of like if we do these kind of four week you know so let's say let's call it a tour right you want to do an open source tour you know yeah skill tree right like love that you know that that's where I'm getting a lot of inspiration from is like you know there's a different kind of skill train open source development then and commercial development uh yeah so it's like maybe call it a tour and everyone has to start with the same first four weeks which is how to contribute to open source at distributing right give them that same background like you were talking about make sure everyone's on the same page there um and then they can choose different areas of the code base to walk through so if you wanted to do like a UI area right uh versus like maybe one of these more Gatsby data processing things and that means that we can kind of stand those up you know uh oh that's where I went yeah um last mirror or is this another tool it's another tool um it's uh lucid charts oh I have it's funny giant is that Nicole just signed up for Mirro because she saw someone else using mirrors I love mirror compared to lucid charts all right you'll switch to mirror I would rather switch because it's like mirror um has it where like I can like scroll out forever ever yeah here actually I have you guys want to see I can show me oh I got a mirror board up actually right now I say that I currently lost my mirror board funny wait I got it yes it has my sticky notes all right ignore my it I mean it's not very far of thinking so that's my thing I'm working on I'm giving a talk and Pi data Berlin and it's my first yay wow I've done talks so far but I haven't done like talks being like this has code in it my do I have to show the screen oh there we go nice yeah and so this is mirror but I mean so far this is just like I mean my proposal's already been accepted I was like here I'm structuring it and it was like here's my intro opensource landscape here's how I'm gonna structure it here's the process and this is the part I'm scared back because there's gonna be a brief demo right here no and then here's a conclusion and then I was like how have other people to show the zoomi effect well nice I see chat GPT so so I'm gonna add a suggest you add a box there which is just ethics of whatever chat GP think you're talking about yeah so exactly so like the talk I'm giving on is on reinforcement learning for large language models and large data models so it's like hey big models like when you bring large models you get internet size devices yeah and so here's a way to effectively train and retrain at a lower cost models wow so it's like yeah and so but like I was like here's how do people show the processes before because this is like three days of computing power so like I'm not gonna go up there and do that and then like here's a bunch of other ways that people have done it and then so far this is the Aaron brain yeah you can like scroll up forever but I don't have any stuff on yeah because like you can do a different part yeah you can share different parts exactly so if I only want someone to see a certain part of it I can and but it's still all together because that's where my brain goes yeah yeah like I sent this and it's got like notebooks and yes reminds me of like a little bit more like thick wire or something it's more like we use both where I work where it's like um depending on like what team you're coordinating with but yes if uh Miro is an option I would love to switch over yeah yeah go out slack michael okay that reminds me I need to add uh like on this account to you like a beauty but yes uh agreed with you on Taylor macho the blog post coming out soon on chat gp4 or gpt4 it's no longer just chat because they have computer vision in it but it's actually like long it's interesting but also not like it's it's I have more like I'm interested more in like the open source aspect of it and like that's the part that I find more scary is like the fact that like so much of our machine learning and our data and our research we've done out in the open especially in the world it's like machine learning and like I should for work and I like work in machine learning and like I'm in the data side of it so it's like hey the philosophy of like where I work is like good data makes good reduced ethics you know if you have good data you get better models done yeah and it's like if these tools I personally believe like we're not running away like models and machine learning isn't going away no you can't put the gene back into the bottle right yeah you can't put the gene back into the bottle but it's also been around since like the 1970s like computing and human computer interaction has been around since we started connecting computers together like that's essentially the core of it um and so it's just like but so much of it has come from academia that they've built in the open which is really cool and exciting and now it's scary as a lot of these companies are like no competitive advantage covering it up and that's like I'm like yeah yeah well we see that happen a lot right where there is a lot that comes out of you know like the internet right it really came out of government funded research you know like military stuff um like really confident yeah exactly and then like very quickly there's this like capitalization phase which like commodifies these things for the masses which makes them more accessible which in some ways is good but is also like very commercially driven and very closed right you see the same thing with pharmaceuticals where like the government pays for all this research you know essentially fronting like the risk you know associated with a lot of these at the university level um and then it gets commercialized and people can't afford you know like insulin right um yeah yeah that's why I'm all of the open source ticket to the man yeah yeah yeah that's why I have an information wants to be free kind of pirate sort of lives yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah it's not really because it's like I'm all talking about like yeah it seems very bad but we just use these as tools for model retraining and whatnot yeah for sure that was interesting I think um is it Sam Altman with open AI which is like you should just take the open app now somehow his charity turned into like uh the for-profit and they're not releasing the training date anymore and all this stuff I was wondering um yeah it's a world we live in yeah I'm glad that like this is coming about now because everyone's like ring or whatever you know iot device that's been getting hacked and spying on them and collecting data for the past like 10 years uh you can now we can now train so um have you ever read that there's a book um surveillance capitalism as a sassana java if you ever really want to really hate your phone and throw it out the window i'm already watching the station i'm not that smart in three books like yeah that's one that you like read and you're like i'm gonna throw it out the window and you're like i hate my life and i'm gonna live off the great and amount for three weeks yeah i love that it's interesting in belgary there's a point during the pandemic where they installed a bunch of um chinese spy attack like there's definitely a big like chinese kind of commercial influence in belgary and so suddenly they're like they already have these like parking enforcement cars with a bunch of cameras on them that would just scan the road and like automatically issue parking tickets essentially they've had violations um like they'd scan the license plate you know just drive around the block once an hour and ticket everybody was like late moving the car um but they yeah with cameras like very blatant camera sets i'm sure like cell phones and stuff we're connecting to the wifi there like the cell tower on that sort of camera tower um yeah it's interesting like seeing the surveillance capitalism side in the US but then like the more authoritarian surveillance but like using the same tools like distributed network of ring doorbells versus like state installed you know kind of camo thing almost looks like an angel you know the biblical drawings of angels with all the eyes all over them oh yeah yeah yeah yeah that's what we're doing we're like recreating like these monstrous angels with a bunch of cameras just staring at it it's just Jesus again yeah this is cringe uh okay my trackpad died I went to go do that and now we're talking about angels and swallowing tech and okay blending yeah that usually with me it goes to the world's end to get some point in the conversation I mean I just kind of assume the world's gonna be dead for a while this kind of my thing I I don't know I'm like got a hope right like I want to know like which way it's gonna go on my lifetime um but my retirement plan is to run the toy warehouse at the refugee camp at the end of the world it's like I'm gonna be everyone's friend just remember me when it all goes south yeah I'll bring nail polish there we go yeah I'll trade in that balance for teddy bears perfect perfect perfect I'll bring lipstick great I'm in I'll trade I'll try to go who's got glitter yes you'd have a whole tea party we got tea party yeah okay great end of the world's party plan good cool um but I did hit up Nicole to get access to Miro and I feel like that is gonna be a lot easier to like get this going because I forgot there was this already a second page because it doesn't buy default show up that there's a second page huh like I it doesn't show up at the bottom I mostly just make like charts to present in in those tools yeah um I don't even know how to get back to it now that I got it but do we get you uh hi Aaron hi I love you I'm gonna actually talk about I'm gonna go work on my talk about reinforcement learning of large language models here in japan in April yeah uh you're really explaining by Belgrade you're welcome to hang out with our European team we'll do we'll do go bye bye all right that was fun yeah I was really needed uh your time wise get set up and everything no I'm just there just give me one sec to make sure I pushed all the code and like the branch has working on um and then I can share my spend this my cutting okay because I was just gonna say I like uh there are I don't know how I'm gonna do this I still need to learn how to do like multiple pages I am a very visual person we're like if I can't see it it doesn't exist that's correct and um I did not know that there were more pages on here until I made a new page now I don't know how to get back I just want to see it oh and just oh okay that's what it means um I mean I can share what I'm doing right now until you're ready yeah yeah if I could just get three more minutes I there's like some unfinished changes I just need to push up and move over it's me trying to figure out how to go back and find all of the pages that's okay yeah oh right no no oh what the hell is it no oh you ready no why would you do this hey just go oh one of them was important you know what it is like switching out over here like a best I don't know I feel you're both frustrated you tell her right now it's like uh I don't know what do you want to do oh page count oh there's three pages okay how do I see my other pages no no no no no no no no change out of layout oh what did that no that is not what I wanted okay I'm sharing my screen now uh you can switch to me whenever you're ready uh yay cool hey everybody I can't see the chat is the only thing Jen I got you I got you cool so today y'all I'm working on some stuff for our generic pages um yeah it's gonna be pages like uh our needs like the overview of our needs explorer things like this so it's kind of different content blocks that our admin objects can create in the content management system and get them to show up on a page right now it's just titles and text that's a bit boring working on adding images um and uh yeah I want to want to get this is a great way to get a lot of content out the door for us without having to like a hard code a bunch of pages so that's where we're at um I'm catching up because it's been a few weeks since I've had a chance to uh work on this PR um yeah so where were we at let's see just want to kill the uh default stuff here okay so there what was the branch called feature 972 right and that is going to be these issues just get these pages across the finish line um we can look at maybe the our story page question mark yep yep and that just needs this image stuff and then this pages good so we'll use this as our example issue um everyone see by the way let me I'm gonna bump this up one and let me know if I need to bump up those the font size anymore uh so far it's looking good to me everyone please let us know if we need to bump it up even further but so far so good see I will say as I'm drinking this lovely sparkly grapefruit water don't and this is something like I forgot about and everybody who streams or does video please remember do not drink sparkly water while you're streaming or about to stream or do audio it makes you a bar so if I keep me eating myself excuse me I mean sparkly waters gross so I just avoid it anyways it's uh not a problem oh yeah no um to like ask for tap water and your piano restaurant kind of get oh my gosh I love sparkling water makes me so happy I think it's because I like the taste of the minerals and the water don't know if that's healthy or not but hey yeah maybe maybe it also could be uh my first seven Peru I uh sought it meant like no spark sparkly and I got with sparkles oh yeah I think it's just like I hated it back then and then like it was the only water I had to drink so I got used to it and I think it like forced me to start liking it I don't know yeah yeah I've definitely done that with some some foods I'm thinking one now maybe tomatoes like salads and stuff okay okay it's not like like a whole tomatoes you know but I think I'm over that oh need to mark this as a work in progress love that uh draft yeah there we go draft PR I will say that something that will not work to be able to like force myself to get into is mushrooms it ain't gonna happen well time mushrooms are talking about here I have casual is the uh the hangout any I've had them from all of the world so many different types so like no it's the texture it's the smell it's everything about it I love mushrooms man I love tomatoes can you smell those all day there yeah I do not like I hate the smell of mushrooms mushrooms are one of those things that like people like or don't like I feel like like like you know what's neutral on mushrooms you know I yeah I've noticed that nobody is neutral in mushrooms yeah but it's weird because I like a lot of earthy things all right I don't know how to see your name properly I don't think I've ever asked is it case I do not spell out right excuse my dog in the background if you can hear her how do I say their name Taylor how would you say I'm trying to catch up oh that's a cesium cesium tea cesium empty oh yeah yeah it's like um then the Russians use that as a poisoning method on some owner something oh my well mushrooms are a struggle for them too but their roommate is slowly acclimating them to them because she puts it in everything in her cooking's amazing and off well that's like a good way to get acclimated wow we have so many more viewers now and I will have to say that I do need to step away and take the dog out it's like because she needs to go see the vet she has a UTI so be back shortly I gotta figure out okay well I'll keep it running I'm live coding for all our viewers working on this uh kind of content block for an image with a caption and right now I've broken our dev server so that's fun um yeah get caught up on what I'm doing it looks like date uploaded does not match expected type okay and that is a nice looking timestamp right there do we have to convert it to a date or something what is going on so we're gonna look and Gatsby what we're trying to do right now is correctly process uh this information from our content management system and expose it through the Gatsby GraphQL API um yeah so content blocks get that going here sweet and we're looking for our image block okay we see this date uploaded as a date that was it okay date uploaded get date property it says does not match expected type so that makes me think get date property here wrote a little helper the whole generic helper um so this is if we get an object which is any right from our data source like uh mark down header metadata um we can uh kind of coerce it into a type or throne error during build um which lets us take advantage of our type scripts um properties yeah so here I'm saying if it's an instance of date right um and I think what we want to do here is basically say oh if it's a string then return it as a date right here it's like if it's an instance of date and go ahead and yeah it says get date property that's passing in this uh validation thing it's just to get property call so let's go look at get property so this says it's unknown or undefined okay yeah so if it's undefined if it doesn't have a thing or if it does not match the expected type right and then it's going to return the so what can we do here we don't necessarily want it to throw okay so I think what we need to do here it's like an instance of date and we're passing that in object property huh yeah um that's cool so we want to do a conversion step here right so maybe what we can do is like get string property if it's being passed in as a date that's cool we basically don't want this to throw we want it I guess we could catch that I'm just going to hack this together for now and if people actually pass in like a date as an object which doesn't make sense for our sourcing that's okay I hope you all are enjoying this oh no I've lost three stravers three viewers what up we got some info on cesium it's like the uh the water yeah probably not uses the poison explode that's how it was the very exploding one I like that cool okay so here we want to import get string property sweet and that's what we want to do we want to get a string property from uh we can pass in oh so there and then if that succeeds right are dates right there and then uh date equals new date And then you like with JavaScript new date, there's going to be like some nann sort of thing, right Like not a date
Like not a date Hello. Hello. I look like a cool kid wearing my sunglasses inside, but they're going to be with transition. Nice. Did you see? Damn it. I walked away right after I heard their name. And then. CZMT. CZMT. Thank you. Did you see their comment that it's the European spelling of the element? Yeah
Hello. Hello. I look like a cool kid wearing my sunglasses inside, but they're going to be with transition. Nice. Did you see? Damn it. I walked away right after I heard their name. And then. CZMT. CZMT. Thank you. Did you see their comment that it's the European spelling of the element? Yeah Yeah. Okay. That was cool. I walked away before that. So I wanted to make sure. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's what I wanted to say. I'm excited that we are changing it to this new format is being able to like, at least. Keeping aware of the work, even if it's not being deep dive into at the moment
Yeah. Okay. That was cool. I walked away before that. So I wanted to make sure. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's what I wanted to say. I'm excited that we are changing it to this new format is being able to like, at least. Keeping aware of the work, even if it's not being deep dive into at the moment Yeah. What do you mean by that? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I got you. That's interesting. And yeah, I like this is kind of gives you a chance to bring it to the forefront once a week. Yeah. Exactly. Cool. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's interesting. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Yeah. What do you mean by that? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I got you. That's interesting. And yeah, I like this is kind of gives you a chance to bring it to the forefront once a week. Yeah. Exactly. Cool. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's interesting. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Cool. Yeah. Yeah. Whatever it really got you to start streaming life on the. Stuff. Um. I was talking to remote about DA and my buddy, uh, next team is volunteering with us
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Cool. Yeah. Yeah. Whatever it really got you to start streaming life on the. Stuff. Um. I was talking to remote about DA and my buddy, uh, next team is volunteering with us Since COVID, uh, just joined, uh, codes at the time and Ramones working at code C and, uh, like, hey, yeah, it's like, use this as a way to just get together once a week
Since COVID, uh, just joined, uh, codes at the time and Ramones working at code C and, uh, like, hey, yeah, it's like, use this as a way to just get together once a week Kind of like we just talked about, you know, and work on the open source stuff and, uh, started doing that, you know, just, uh, get the time in with those folks. Um, or I guess like, like we're, we started doing that, um, to get the time in and then max
Kind of like we just talked about, you know, and work on the open source stuff and, uh, started doing that, you know, just, uh, get the time in with those folks. Um, or I guess like, like we're, we started doing that, um, to get the time in and then max He joined code C and, uh, ended up sponsoring this stream. So it's been a good way to, uh, you know, like just kind of check in on a semi regular basis work in the open. And, uh, yeah, it's always been kind of co-working vibes. They're leaving more into that direction now
He joined code C and, uh, ended up sponsoring this stream. So it's been a good way to, uh, you know, like just kind of check in on a semi regular basis work in the open. And, uh, yeah, it's always been kind of co-working vibes. They're leaving more into that direction now Um, and we're very grateful for, for code C, uh, contributing, you know, like financially dispenser our work. That's really cool. Like, code C is, it's definitely something I've learned a lot since y'all started streaming. Yeah
Um, and we're very grateful for, for code C, uh, contributing, you know, like financially dispenser our work. That's really cool. Like, code C is, it's definitely something I've learned a lot since y'all started streaming. Yeah Yeah. Yeah, no, it's, um, I think it's a really useful tool in the right context. I wish I got more depth time in because I feel like I'd get more out of code C as well. But there's some cool things we can do. And that might be a good, you know, I hear you
Yeah. Yeah, no, it's, um, I think it's a really useful tool in the right context. I wish I got more depth time in because I feel like I'd get more out of code C as well. But there's some cool things we can do. And that might be a good, you know, I hear you I'm like, you're talking about the project manager stuff earlier
I'm like, you're talking about the project manager stuff earlier Uh, you know, and like, maybe like it's going to be too difficult to do like a project management task, but we could definitely do like a code based maintainer task or it's like, you know, hey, can you make like code C maps? Like a code smell map, right
Uh, you know, and like, maybe like it's going to be too difficult to do like a project management task, but we could definitely do like a code based maintainer task or it's like, you know, hey, can you make like code C maps? Like a code smell map, right And like track which files have different things that we could improve upon, you know, things like that
And like track which files have different things that we could improve upon, you know, things like that Um, yeah. Yeah, like I kind of set up other things. I don't know. There's, there's a lot of cool stuff. They have this feature called
Um, yeah. Yeah, like I kind of set up other things. I don't know. There's, there's a lot of cool stuff. They have this feature called Like automations, right? So when people like submit a PR submit an issue, it can like automatically like create checklist items for the reviewer things like that that I feel like, you know, if we, if we got someone to sit down and spend some time with it, we could get more out of it. So yeah
Like automations, right? So when people like submit a PR submit an issue, it can like automatically like create checklist items for the reviewer things like that that I feel like, you know, if we, if we got someone to sit down and spend some time with it, we could get more out of it. So yeah So yeah. I just got really tired all of a sudden. Well, I mean, we only had like 15 minutes left on our stream as it is. So. I mean, let me try fix this bug and then I might finish the commit and call it. I know that I have a meeting coming up
So yeah. I just got really tired all of a sudden. Well, I mean, we only had like 15 minutes left on our stream as it is. So. I mean, let me try fix this bug and then I might finish the commit and call it. I know that I have a meeting coming up Okay, no, do we need to hop off now? I'm soon, but not like the second. Okay, that was a good like, like, you have five, 10 more minutes and then. Yeah. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Oh, I like it
Okay, no, do we need to hop off now? I'm soon, but not like the second. Okay, that was a good like, like, you have five, 10 more minutes and then. Yeah. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Oh, I like it Hmm. Oh, I like it. I thought royalty free stuff or you can get tripped up on YouTube. Uh, no, it's from a stream yard. I need to look at it into more royalty free music. Um, or like how you would play that in stuff because I have friends that are acquaintances
Hmm. Oh, I like it. I thought royalty free stuff or you can get tripped up on YouTube. Uh, no, it's from a stream yard. I need to look at it into more royalty free music. Um, or like how you would play that in stuff because I have friends that are acquaintances I should say that I've offered to let me use their music to stream. Um, because they would help promote them too, but I got on on that works. Yeah. That's cool. Hmm. I'll see if this fixed it. You're really tight. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm
I should say that I've offered to let me use their music to stream. Um, because they would help promote them too, but I got on on that works. Yeah. That's cool. Hmm. I'll see if this fixed it. You're really tight. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm
Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm
Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm.
Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm.