Hello, hello beautiful humans. Welcome to another episode of Miss Monday. Yay! We have a... Yay! Whatever side of the screen she's on. I never know. Which side you're on. And we are thinking about going to make up and mark down. Mark down and make up and mark down Like changing our name from Missilaneous Mondays to make up mark down or something like that. Mark down, make up, make up mark down. I don't know. I don't know. There's so many options out there
Like changing our name from Missilaneous Mondays to make up mark down or something like that. Mark down, make up, make up mark down. I don't know. I don't know. There's so many options out there Maybe it should be like we keep Missilaneous Mondays and make up and mark down is like a segment, like a recurring segment. Mmm. That's it after we talk about makeup. I like that. I like that. There's options. And I feel like if we do that we should... Can Miss Erin come on the show? Definitely
Maybe it should be like we keep Missilaneous Mondays and make up and mark down is like a segment, like a recurring segment. Mmm. That's it after we talk about makeup. I like that. I like that. There's options. And I feel like if we do that we should... Can Miss Erin come on the show? Definitely Do it with us too. Because she's been a part of it whether or not she knows it or not on all of these conversations. So, yes. And hello. This is a stream where all of those tuning in. And we're just saying out because it's Monday. And Mondays are kind of a struggle for a lot of us
Do it with us too. Because she's been a part of it whether or not she knows it or not on all of these conversations. So, yes. And hello. This is a stream where all of those tuning in. And we're just saying out because it's Monday. And Mondays are kind of a struggle for a lot of us And I just want to let everybody know that I had to do my lipstick today because Laura did her lipstick today. And we have the same lipstick color, which is like my favorite. So I was like, dude, I gotta do it. Yeah. Yeah. It turned out we had the same red. And I'm thinking about trying..
And I just want to let everybody know that I had to do my lipstick today because Laura did her lipstick today. And we have the same lipstick color, which is like my favorite. So I was like, dude, I gotta do it. Yeah. Yeah. It turned out we had the same red. And I'm thinking about trying.... I used to have Russian red. So this is Ruby Wu by Mac. And I used to have Russian red, which is like a little bit bluer than Ruby Wu. And I'm kind of thinking of trying that out too again, because I used to really love it. And that's kind of cool
.. I used to have Russian red. So this is Ruby Wu by Mac. And I used to have Russian red, which is like a little bit bluer than Ruby Wu. And I'm kind of thinking of trying that out too again, because I used to really love it. And that's kind of cool That's actually something that I've been talking to my hairdresser about because I'm going to go get my hair done in like two weeks. I'm so excited. I have a job. I can go get my hair done. And not just dye it myself and the dangers of the bleach. It's going to be great. That they were..
That's actually something that I've been talking to my hairdresser about because I'm going to go get my hair done in like two weeks. I'm so excited. I have a job. I can go get my hair done. And not just dye it myself and the dangers of the bleach. It's going to be great. That they were.. That they were... We talked a lot about the undertones of the red or the pink or the blue on what undertones are. And it's crazy to me
That they were... We talked a lot about the undertones of the red or the pink or the blue on what undertones are. And it's crazy to me And this is one of the big reasons I'm excited about talking about, you know, if we do make up and mark down because although a lot of people are like make up is completely separate color theory isn't. That's true. Yeah
And this is one of the big reasons I'm excited about talking about, you know, if we do make up and mark down because although a lot of people are like make up is completely separate color theory isn't. That's true. Yeah That's true. Yeah. In color theory goes into you have to understand how contrast they are or how much they will work together or being able to understand it and going into changing
That's true. Yeah. In color theory goes into you have to understand how contrast they are or how much they will work together or being able to understand it and going into changing I think I'm thinking a lot about this because of recently working with a lot of CFS and having to understand what colors I like there. Yeah. They all go together for me. Nice. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if it does for anybody else, but it does for me. Yeah
I think I'm thinking a lot about this because of recently working with a lot of CFS and having to understand what colors I like there. Yeah. They all go together for me. Nice. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if it does for anybody else, but it does for me. Yeah Yeah. And another side totally random thing for you is my hair dresser told me she has exotic birds. And I don't know if everybody else knew this, but you cannot move exotic birds across state many times without a lot of things to jump through because that makes sense. Avian blue. Sure
Yeah. And another side totally random thing for you is my hair dresser told me she has exotic birds. And I don't know if everybody else knew this, but you cannot move exotic birds across state many times without a lot of things to jump through because that makes sense. Avian blue. Sure Avian blue. Sure. And Laura does not have pet birds. Those are outside her window at her house at the park. But every time we stream, I'm always like, it sounds like you have pet birds. Yeah. They're good out there. I don't actually like birds. They're not very general
Avian blue. Sure. And Laura does not have pet birds. Those are outside her window at her house at the park. But every time we stream, I'm always like, it sounds like you have pet birds. Yeah. They're good out there. I don't actually like birds. They're not very general I like I like non birds like penguins and ducks. Like those are two very not particularly bird like birds to my mind. And yeah, I don't like well, okay, can Canada geese are okay, but like the white geese are terrifying. One of them tried to murder me when I was like three. Oh, God
I like I like non birds like penguins and ducks. Like those are two very not particularly bird like birds to my mind. And yeah, I don't like well, okay, can Canada geese are okay, but like the white geese are terrifying. One of them tried to murder me when I was like three. Oh, God Oh, God. And then when I was 12, we got we got an an ostrich tried to attack us and I'm just like, you know what? Fuck birds. No, I'm not theirs or something because I tried to make friends with a lot of them. It does not work in my favor majority of the time, but I am also a
Oh, God. And then when I was 12, we got we got an an ostrich tried to attack us and I'm just like, you know what? Fuck birds. No, I'm not theirs or something because I tried to make friends with a lot of them. It does not work in my favor majority of the time, but I am also a I get in trouble for a lot of things like if I go to a museum and there's art that looks very touchable. I really, really want to touch it or really want to make friends with this animal
I get in trouble for a lot of things like if I go to a museum and there's art that looks very touchable. I really, really want to touch it or really want to make friends with this animal It's definitely, you know, I've had to learn to just kind of avoid things and look from them from afar or hope that the animal will let me touch it and not doubt
It's definitely, you know, I've had to learn to just kind of avoid things and look from them from afar or hope that the animal will let me touch it and not doubt Not die and also know that you're not supposed to touch animals and try to convince myself not to when I see the very pretty animal, but I've actually wanted pet birds before. Been a while, but like they're really cute
Not die and also know that you're not supposed to touch animals and try to convince myself not to when I see the very pretty animal, but I've actually wanted pet birds before. Been a while, but like they're really cute I had a coworker that I used to house it for and they had an African Gray, which is a parent. And her name was Catala and Catala. Catala was wicked smart and she could do voices and in particular she could do your voice. And so at three o'clock in the morning she would do the answering machine
I had a coworker that I used to house it for and they had an African Gray, which is a parent. And her name was Catala and Catala. Catala was wicked smart and she could do voices and in particular she could do your voice. And so at three o'clock in the morning she would do the answering machine Perf pitch perfect. This was back in the days when like answering machines used to talk to you and you could hear the message that someone was leaving. And so she would do the outgoing answering machine message pitch perfect
Perf pitch perfect. This was back in the days when like answering machines used to talk to you and you could hear the message that someone was leaving. And so she would do the outgoing answering machine message pitch perfect You wouldn't know whether it was the bird or the machine because they were identical in sound. And then she would start leaving a message as you. And she spoke in complete sentences as you. You know, hi, it's Laura. I'm just calling to find out what we're time we're leaving on Saturday
You wouldn't know whether it was the bird or the machine because they were identical in sound. And then she would start leaving a message as you. And she spoke in complete sentences as you. You know, hi, it's Laura. I'm just calling to find out what we're time we're leaving on Saturday Call me back. Bye. Oh my gosh, that is so crazy. Yeah, I mean, she knew like what words went with the answering machine. So she couldn't she wasn't like, you know, chat, D.P.T. exactly. Except, you know, what's funny is that the famous paper about large language models is called stochastic parrots
Call me back. Bye. Oh my gosh, that is so crazy. Yeah, I mean, she knew like what words went with the answering machine. So she couldn't she wasn't like, you know, chat, D.P.T. exactly. Except, you know, what's funny is that the famous paper about large language models is called stochastic parrots And on the dangers of stochastic parrots. And that's exactly correct because she was a stochastic parrot. I feel like that would be the type of pet I would want. There is a very scary owl that was like on a on it lived on a hotel grounds
And on the dangers of stochastic parrots. And that's exactly correct because she was a stochastic parrot. I feel like that would be the type of pet I would want. There is a very scary owl that was like on a on it lived on a hotel grounds And of course, I meet the owl and I'm like, you don't want to be friends. And do like an owl actually that is a third exception to my bird rule
And of course, I meet the owl and I'm like, you don't want to be friends. And do like an owl actually that is a third exception to my bird rule So basically, anytime I see somebody that is like a wildlife expert and has, you know, tried to just show it instead of, I always try to get them to let me pet it. I got to pet this one. I was very excited. Yes, at hawks
So basically, anytime I see somebody that is like a wildlife expert and has, you know, tried to just show it instead of, I always try to get them to let me pet it. I got to pet this one. I was very excited. Yes, at hawks Yes, at hawks. And I just I I like have lots of photos of me trying to yeah, like I really should just like make an Instagram post of the animals I've tried to pet. And I haven't died yet. But yeah, your story is much cooler about a parrot, but you know, is the answer in machine
Yes, at hawks. And I just I I like have lots of photos of me trying to yeah, like I really should just like make an Instagram post of the animals I've tried to pet. And I haven't died yet. But yeah, your story is much cooler about a parrot, but you know, is the answer in machine Yeah, it's so weird too because like I had never left a voicemail. Like so it's not like she was doing my voice, leaving a message that she had ever heard because it did not happen. She was doing my voice because she had learned my voice because we were house sitting and so we were there
Yeah, it's so weird too because like I had never left a voicemail. Like so it's not like she was doing my voice, leaving a message that she had ever heard because it did not happen. She was doing my voice because she had learned my voice because we were house sitting and so we were there So she learned my voice and then she applied those words with my voice. Weird. Yeah, it really was. She also did the fire alarm. Oh, and so you're like having to get up and be like, is it the real one? Oh, not so f**k it. So where I work now, Ivan, it's the the crabs. I have a sticker. Very cute
So she learned my voice and then she applied those words with my voice. Weird. Yeah, it really was. She also did the fire alarm. Oh, and so you're like having to get up and be like, is it the real one? Oh, not so f**k it. So where I work now, Ivan, it's the the crabs. I have a sticker. Very cute Very cute. Oh, I go in the right direction. There we go. I don't know if they want to be pets. I don't know. I'm still working on getting a cat. We have our dog. Still working on getting a cat. So maybe maybe one day. I'm just a dog away from just a dog
Very cute. Oh, I go in the right direction. There we go. I don't know if they want to be pets. I don't know. I'm still working on getting a cat. We have our dog. Still working on getting a cat. So maybe maybe one day. I'm just a dog away from just a dog But we actually did have something not completely miscellaneous today, even though we're really good at miscellaneous. It's true. I've got so many more weird pet stories. If you would like to go down that route, I'm so down. That's okay. We can we can keep them for future
But we actually did have something not completely miscellaneous today, even though we're really good at miscellaneous. It's true. I've got so many more weird pet stories. If you would like to go down that route, I'm so down. That's okay. We can we can keep them for future Sometimes pets, strange pets will come up again. I'm sure. Are you excited to hear some really random in the middle of the night? Walk me up ideas for talk titles. Totally. I'm just going to read them in no judgment. I'm just going to read them. Learning live learning is life saving
Sometimes pets, strange pets will come up again. I'm sure. Are you excited to hear some really random in the middle of the night? Walk me up ideas for talk titles. Totally. I'm just going to read them in no judgment. I'm just going to read them. Learning live learning is life saving How learning live unlocks the gate to talk. I'm a potato ideas to use your neurodiversity to your advantage. Socializing causes me to 404. You bag in your sleep how naps are your most undervalued, uh, the undervalued tool
How learning live unlocks the gate to talk. I'm a potato ideas to use your neurodiversity to your advantage. Socializing causes me to 404. You bag in your sleep how naps are your most undervalued, uh, the undervalued tool Breaking through I don't want to how analysis paralysis keeps us from success. Newf's and tech aren't here to steal your job. Uh, how to ask better questions and get help from those who don't want to help you
Breaking through I don't want to how analysis paralysis keeps us from success. Newf's and tech aren't here to steal your job. Uh, how to ask better questions and get help from those who don't want to help you Why does tech gatekeep and how to become secure while helping others? The pros and cons of saying fuck it. This one like was cracking me up. It's from Friday stream because I learned about duck coding
Why does tech gatekeep and how to become secure while helping others? The pros and cons of saying fuck it. This one like was cracking me up. It's from Friday stream because I learned about duck coding I've never heard of it before, but it's duck coding and types of ducks and how having data types can help your ducking code. It was cracking me up. Because it was the opposite of like type script because it's yeah, anyway. Um, how saying I don't know out loud can help your career
I've never heard of it before, but it's duck coding and types of ducks and how having data types can help your ducking code. It was cracking me up. Because it was the opposite of like type script because it's yeah, anyway. Um, how saying I don't know out loud can help your career Becoming secure in your role to use your privilege to level the playing field. They don't bite unless you're a beginner. Overcoming the shame of saying I don't know debugging dyslexia. Those are so good. Yeah, your middle of the night brain is really good. Middle of the night brain
Becoming secure in your role to use your privilege to level the playing field. They don't bite unless you're a beginner. Overcoming the shame of saying I don't know debugging dyslexia. Those are so good. Yeah, your middle of the night brain is really good. Middle of the night brain Uh, came up with some topic ideas and, uh, yeah, that is, that is what I got. But I liked what you mentioned about going back to it because I don't remember what conference it was. Debra, calm London
Uh, came up with some topic ideas and, uh, yeah, that is, that is what I got. But I liked what you mentioned about going back to it because I don't remember what conference it was. Debra, calm London Debra, calm London. Yeah, I want to give some context to some expressions that I think my face was making while you were reading because I think at one point. I was cracking up and I want to just make sure that nobody thinks that I was like laughing at like your titles as such
Debra, calm London. Yeah, I want to give some context to some expressions that I think my face was making while you were reading because I think at one point. I was cracking up and I want to just make sure that nobody thinks that I was like laughing at like your titles as such What I was laughing at is that like four of your five. So like 20% of yours are blog posts like stub drafts that I have like started. No. Yeah. I like it. Yeah. Well, there you go. You have some talk ideas. I guess I just hadn't been thinking of them as talk ideas
What I was laughing at is that like four of your five. So like 20% of yours are blog posts like stub drafts that I have like started. No. Yeah. I like it. Yeah. Well, there you go. You have some talk ideas. I guess I just hadn't been thinking of them as talk ideas I was thinking of them as blog posts. But that doesn't have to be mutually exclusive. I think that is a great question because I know that like Ramon and Rozel, which I should go find their deep. Do a lot of work on like CFP work
I was thinking of them as blog posts. But that doesn't have to be mutually exclusive. I think that is a great question because I know that like Ramon and Rozel, which I should go find their deep. Do a lot of work on like CFP work Francesco, these are all humans that do a lot in helping others develop their talks. And I don't think I've ever asked them. So I'm curious what makes a what's the difference between making something a blog or a talk
Francesco, these are all humans that do a lot in helping others develop their talks. And I don't think I've ever asked them. So I'm curious what makes a what's the difference between making something a blog or a talk I think that it's not a tell unusual to write a blog post first and then create a talk from that blog post. Yeah. I think that's I come. I think I think it also may just be like this is something you and I have talked about in to answer your question. And I think that's a great question
I think that it's not a tell unusual to write a blog post first and then create a talk from that blog post. Yeah. I think that's I come. I think I think it also may just be like this is something you and I have talked about in to answer your question. And I think that's a great question And I think that's an idea of that I was thinking about with. For you was how. I'm trying to think of the title I thought of because this was over the weekend. It wasn't last night when I was writing down the rest of them. I think that's the. Tech writing can be sexy. Because
And I think that's an idea of that I was thinking about with. For you was how. I'm trying to think of the title I thought of because this was over the weekend. It wasn't last night when I was writing down the rest of them. I think that's the. Tech writing can be sexy. Because Because. Being able to be successful is sexy. And like without tech writers. I mean, you can have super ADHD people like me that will make a lot of video like a shit on a video. But if nobody like transcribes it or does their own work or like tries to take it and go do something else
Because. Being able to be successful is sexy. And like without tech writers. I mean, you can have super ADHD people like me that will make a lot of video like a shit on a video. But if nobody like transcribes it or does their own work or like tries to take it and go do something else It's not ever going to end. You can't search things that don't have transcripts or art in text. Too true. And therefore. Tech wouldn't be where we're at without tech writers. And it's not as hard as I personally thought it was. I mean, it's not easy. It's still not my favorite thing
It's not ever going to end. You can't search things that don't have transcripts or art in text. Too true. And therefore. Tech wouldn't be where we're at without tech writers. And it's not as hard as I personally thought it was. I mean, it's not easy. It's still not my favorite thing You can have it all day, every day, all yours. But. You made it not as scary. Oh good. Yeah. I mean, I. It's tricky because I. My my first job in. Tech. I was the first post. Academic job was as a technical writer. But. In between when I
You can have it all day, every day, all yours. But. You made it not as scary. Oh good. Yeah. I mean, I. It's tricky because I. My my first job in. Tech. I was the first post. Academic job was as a technical writer. But. In between when I In between when I. Started applying for technical writer roles and when I landed one, I had found out about what developer advocates do. And. Realize like, oh, I think that's probably where I want to end up for a while. And so I think that's just tech writing
In between when I. Started applying for technical writer roles and when I landed one, I had found out about what developer advocates do. And. Realize like, oh, I think that's probably where I want to end up for a while. And so I think that's just tech writing Because developer advocates can do tech writing. But. I wanted to do more than more other stuff too. And so it's it's slightly tricky because I I've just two months ago become a developer advocate instead of a technical writer. And so I'm slightly nervous about like pigeon holding myself
Because developer advocates can do tech writing. But. I wanted to do more than more other stuff too. And so it's it's slightly tricky because I I've just two months ago become a developer advocate instead of a technical writer. And so I'm slightly nervous about like pigeon holding myself If I did a talk as talking about technical writing, would that. Like drag me back. To technical writing exclusively as opposed to. DeVarelle as a whole. I hear that. And I. Yes. I feel. Like. No matter what role you're in, everyone has to like lean into their skillsets
If I did a talk as talking about technical writing, would that. Like drag me back. To technical writing exclusively as opposed to. DeVarelle as a whole. I hear that. And I. Yes. I feel. Like. No matter what role you're in, everyone has to like lean into their skillsets And not like, and it could be technical. Your technical writing, like if you were to do something like this, it could be about blocks. And. There are. And so I think that's all of the dev roles that I work with. At Ivan, they all have to block to. I'm having to review a technical thing
And not like, and it could be technical. Your technical writing, like if you were to do something like this, it could be about blocks. And. There are. And so I think that's all of the dev roles that I work with. At Ivan, they all have to block to. I'm having to review a technical thing And I'm just like this. It's not fun. It is fun. But it's not fun. But it's like it's really hard. And it's a lot of. I don't think people are necessarily taught to do it. And I think people are like, Jen, you could write or you could like do a speech about podcasting or live streaming
And I'm just like this. It's not fun. It is fun. But it's not fun. But it's like it's really hard. And it's a lot of. I don't think people are necessarily taught to do it. And I think people are like, Jen, you could write or you could like do a speech about podcasting or live streaming And I'm like, why would I do that? Because it's really hard. Everybody could do it. It would be good. Where it's just something I kind of fell into. So it's easier for me. But it's something that I could talk about. Even though I don't necessarily want to just say, I'm a podcaster
And I'm like, why would I do that? Because it's really hard. Everybody could do it. It would be good. Where it's just something I kind of fell into. So it's easier for me. But it's something that I could talk about. Even though I don't necessarily want to just say, I'm a podcaster Like I'm more than that. This is the soul set I have that I could help bring it down for others. So it is another reason why I got hired was to live stream. But I get what you're saying, because it's almost like type casting. Yeah. I guess…
Like I'm more than that. This is the soul set I have that I could help bring it down for others. So it is another reason why I got hired was to live stream. But I get what you're saying, because it's almost like type casting. Yeah. I guess… Yeah. I guess…. And I guess like I feel, like if I could do a talk maybe? I don't know. A talk maybe? I don't know. I just don't want it to be like I am a technical writer. Because I don't want to stay there. I want to stay there. A tech writing got you into DevRel. Yeah. Yeah
Yeah. I guess…. And I guess like I feel, like if I could do a talk maybe? I don't know. A talk maybe? I don't know. I just don't want it to be like I am a technical writer. Because I don't want to stay there. I want to stay there. A tech writing got you into DevRel. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. So that's been sort of a tricky thing, like while I've been thinking about... So the context for everybody is that DevRel.com London will be in September. And the call for proposals for talks closes on March 31st, which is 11 days from now. Okay
Yeah. Yeah. So that's been sort of a tricky thing, like while I've been thinking about... So the context for everybody is that DevRel.com London will be in September. And the call for proposals for talks closes on March 31st, which is 11 days from now. Okay Okay. And I would like to submit a proposal, but I've been having trouble thinking of what to submit. And like I have these blog post ideas and so on, but most of them are not DevRel specific. I don't have any. So well, but I think it will be more likely to be chosen if they are
Okay. And I would like to submit a proposal, but I've been having trouble thinking of what to submit. And like I have these blog post ideas and so on, but most of them are not DevRel specific. I don't have any. So well, but I think it will be more likely to be chosen if they are So let me go to their website because they have like themes. Oh, yes. How is the themes for this year or for September's come? Yay, McCarrie. Hey, McCarrie. Yay. Okay. McCarrie, how have you told everybody the news about the theme you bought? I have not heard the news. I'm really excited for it
So let me go to their website because they have like themes. Oh, yes. How is the themes for this year or for September's come? Yay, McCarrie. Hey, McCarrie. Yay. Okay. McCarrie, how have you told everybody the news about the theme you bought? I have not heard the news. I'm really excited for it That's why I want to talk about it. But I don't know if you told everybody. Yay. It's fucking gorgeous to I saw this. I saw the Zillow. Oh, yay. Congratulations. I want to see. No, not on the stream, obviously, but. I'm really, really. I'm very excited for them. Yay. That's so cool. Oh, he's
That's why I want to talk about it. But I don't know if you told everybody. Yay. It's fucking gorgeous to I saw this. I saw the Zillow. Oh, yay. Congratulations. I want to see. No, not on the stream, obviously, but. I'm really, really. I'm very excited for them. Yay. That's so cool. Oh, he's Oh, he's. Can I go off on a very random. Tangent that has something to do with this? Okay. Thank you. I appreciate it because I do want to go back to DebraoCon. But I really want to share something that reminds me of McCarrie's. A bit of the car story
Oh, he's. Can I go off on a very random. Tangent that has something to do with this? Okay. Thank you. I appreciate it because I do want to go back to DebraoCon. But I really want to share something that reminds me of McCarrie's. A bit of the car story So yesterday, my friend and I go out for sushi. Yeah. This is like a really crazy thing. Being able to go out for lunch with your friends after not having the job for forever. I can't do this. Now, this is crazy. So I am very stubborn
So yesterday, my friend and I go out for sushi. Yeah. This is like a really crazy thing. Being able to go out for lunch with your friends after not having the job for forever. I can't do this. Now, this is crazy. So I am very stubborn And I'm like, I'm going to ride the bus down there to go meet her because it's three dollars compared to 30 dollars. And so I ride the bus down there. All is good. We made for sushi. We're walking back to her car because she's going to drive us to the next spot. We walk by this
And I'm like, I'm going to ride the bus down there to go meet her because it's three dollars compared to 30 dollars. And so I ride the bus down there. All is good. We made for sushi. We're walking back to her car because she's going to drive us to the next spot. We walk by this We walk by this. Somebody selling bouquets of flower where flowers where they're just like, hey, donate to the American Long Association for whatever will give you a bouquet of flowers. I'm like, cool
We walk by this. Somebody selling bouquets of flower where flowers where they're just like, hey, donate to the American Long Association for whatever will give you a bouquet of flowers. I'm like, cool I'm like, cool. So we both did really pretty flowers and we get to our next area, which is called the milk market in Denver. It's really cool. Everybody should check it out. And I'm like, you know what? I'm just going to carry my flowers with me because I'm going to take the bus home
I'm like, cool. So we both did really pretty flowers and we get to our next area, which is called the milk market in Denver. It's really cool. Everybody should check it out. And I'm like, you know what? I'm just going to carry my flowers with me because I'm going to take the bus home She's going to leave hers on her car. So I'm just randomly carrying these flowers around. And we go and as soon as we come in, we see the most gorgeous drag queens. And they start talking to me and they're like, oh, is this flower fresh? And I'm like, yeah, I did them. And they're like, no
She's going to leave hers on her car. So I'm just randomly carrying these flowers around. And we go and as soon as we come in, we see the most gorgeous drag queens. And they start talking to me and they're like, oh, is this flower fresh? And I'm like, yeah, I did them. And they're like, no I'm like, no, really? You can take them. And they're like, no, I'm like, well, will you take them if we take a selfie? And they're like, we'll just take a selfie with you. I'm like, okay, yay. So today and I took selfies with them
I'm like, no, really? You can take them. And they're like, no, I'm like, well, will you take them if we take a selfie? And they're like, we'll just take a selfie with you. I'm like, okay, yay. So today and I took selfies with them And then we go to a coffee shop and the coffee shop has a pink cup and Denise favorite colors pink. And today is her birthday. And so we're there yesterday and they're like, yo, we can't give you the pink cup. Those are for us to use blah, blah, blah. We always sell the yellow ones
And then we go to a coffee shop and the coffee shop has a pink cup and Denise favorite colors pink. And today is her birthday. And so we're there yesterday and they're like, yo, we can't give you the pink cup. Those are for us to use blah, blah, blah. We always sell the yellow ones And like, today's super bomb and walks away and I walk up to them. And we're like, y'all, can I buy the pink cup or a drink with the pink cup? And you could say I broke it and like charge me for it. Like I need that pink cup in my life
And like, today's super bomb and walks away and I walk up to them. And we're like, y'all, can I buy the pink cup or a drink with the pink cup? And you could say I broke it and like charge me for it. Like I need that pink cup in my life It is my friend's birthday tomorrow pink is her favorite color. And they totally did. They're like, just buy a yellow one. We'll just give you the. It's fine. Yes. And I'm like, I'm also asking them, hey, do you have anything I can put these flowers in? And they're like, no
It is my friend's birthday tomorrow pink is her favorite color. And they totally did. They're like, just buy a yellow one. We'll just give you the. It's fine. Yes. And I'm like, I'm also asking them, hey, do you have anything I can put these flowers in? And they're like, no And I'm like, okay, you know, I try. So we go to the bar. There's a bar like a full bar. And we're like, I'm like, oh, if we go to the full bar, they really have a bottle I could have to put the flowers in. No, hard no
And I'm like, okay, you know, I try. So we go to the bar. There's a bar like a full bar. And we're like, I'm like, oh, if we go to the full bar, they really have a bottle I could have to put the flowers in. No, hard no No, hard no. Any idea that I was coming up with for the bartender, he was like, shuttting every thing down. No matter what. Like he's really nice. Not like really interested. He's like, you guys are just dumb like go away. He's very comfortable. We didn't get another round
No, hard no. Any idea that I was coming up with for the bartender, he was like, shuttting every thing down. No matter what. Like he's really nice. Not like really interested. He's like, you guys are just dumb like go away. He's very comfortable. We didn't get another round So we're like, okay, we found somewhere else to walk to. And we go into this little brewery. And this girl is like, oh, my God, those flowers are gorgeous. It's my mom's, I don't know, birthday or she was having a bad day or something. She's like purple is her favorite color
So we're like, okay, we found somewhere else to walk to. And we go into this little brewery. And this girl is like, oh, my God, those flowers are gorgeous. It's my mom's, I don't know, birthday or she was having a bad day or something. She's like purple is her favorite color I need to go get those. And it's two totally different parts of Denver. And I was like, here, here you go. And it was just like crazy. And I mentioned all of this because it's like all of this happened for a reason
I need to go get those. And it's two totally different parts of Denver. And I was like, here, here you go. And it was just like crazy. And I mentioned all of this because it's like all of this happened for a reason We kind of find glasses and things because they were meant to go to this bar tender. Because literally they have the perfect jar to put her flowers in for her mom. And she wasn't going to have time to get flowers for her mom. And she really, really wanted to
We kind of find glasses and things because they were meant to go to this bar tender. Because literally they have the perfect jar to put her flowers in for her mom. And she wasn't going to have time to get flowers for her mom. And she really, really wanted to And I say all of that because Bacari got a house. And I feel like shit happens for a reason. And that is like really odd, full circle way of saying I'm super stoked for Bacari. And happy birthday, Dene. Yes. Happy birthday, Dene. Yeah. So thank you for my, let me go on my random tangent
And I say all of that because Bacari got a house. And I feel like shit happens for a reason. And that is like really odd, full circle way of saying I'm super stoked for Bacari. And happy birthday, Dene. Yes. Happy birthday, Dene. Yeah. So thank you for my, let me go on my random tangent I appreciate it, of course. Okay. Debra Elcon. Okay, let me. Yeah, you're still here. I wasn't sure if you were still here for the full story. I don't know if it made sense. Like how there is a. But. So we got scenes
I appreciate it, of course. Okay. Debra Elcon. Okay, let me. Yeah, you're still here. I wasn't sure if you were still here for the full story. I don't know if it made sense. Like how there is a. But. So we got scenes So we got scenes. Debra Elcon London, Bane developer education, doing more with us and developer success. Okay. So where do you are any of those scenes like vibrate more? For me, probably the developer education, just because I, you know, as quick recap, Laura used to be a Mac professor
So we got scenes. Debra Elcon London, Bane developer education, doing more with us and developer success. Okay. So where do you are any of those scenes like vibrate more? For me, probably the developer education, just because I, you know, as quick recap, Laura used to be a Mac professor Oh, Laura, I don't know if you refer to this dream. This is why I literally can't like lie to anybody, if I don't remember where anybody is. So instead people just hear things multiple times in a row. Or I forget to tell people that. If Laura, and the carry and the Luccia and Anthony are all
Oh, Laura, I don't know if you refer to this dream. This is why I literally can't like lie to anybody, if I don't remember where anybody is. So instead people just hear things multiple times in a row. Or I forget to tell people that. If Laura, and the carry and the Luccia and Anthony are all Previous teachers or professors. I'm trying to think if I have any more than that. I wonder how many past educators I could have on the stream. I mean, her mom is totally an educator, not like a. Like a. I agree. But I mean, he just like boot camps and stuff like with tens of thousands of learners
Previous teachers or professors. I'm trying to think if I have any more than that. I wonder how many past educators I could have on the stream. I mean, her mom is totally an educator, not like a. Like a. I agree. But I mean, he just like boot camps and stuff like with tens of thousands of learners So we're up to six because Ian, you made me think of Ian when you said, we're not. That doesn't make any sense, but you said boot camps. Okay. So we're up six. So thank you, Bacari. But Bacari, are you going to submit for Debra Elcon London? Because that would be fun. That would be fun
So we're up to six because Ian, you made me think of Ian when you said, we're not. That doesn't make any sense, but you said boot camps. Okay. So we're up six. So thank you, Bacari. But Bacari, are you going to submit for Debra Elcon London? Because that would be fun. That would be fun That would be fun. Do any of those themes speak to you, Jen? Bacari, if you submit, is it something that you can see if they will pay for it? Because I know some comments as do. And you know, sometimes employers. So I think that's the thing
That would be fun. Do any of those themes speak to you, Jen? Bacari, if you submit, is it something that you can see if they will pay for it? Because I know some comments as do. And you know, sometimes employers. So I think that's the thing That's the tricky thing about like applying for conferences is you might go through all this work and get accepted, but they don't help pay for anything. And they don't let me tell you upfront, which is annoying. But I can reach out to them. I've done some work for them before
That's the tricky thing about like applying for conferences is you might go through all this work and get accepted, but they don't help pay for anything. And they don't let me tell you upfront, which is annoying. But I can reach out to them. I've done some work for them before So I can reach out and see if I can find out. On the ticket page or on the on the submission page, they do say that. Please note, you or your employer will need to cover your calls to attend the conference, but of course you will have to buy a ticket. As in London. Well, okay
So I can reach out and see if I can find out. On the ticket page or on the on the submission page, they do say that. Please note, you or your employer will need to cover your calls to attend the conference, but of course you will have to buy a ticket. As in London. Well, okay Well, okay. May not work out, but there's other conferences. And to answer your question on themes, I would say doing more with less. I am the lazy shit. And my brain thinks what is the easiest way to get from A to B? Now, what my brain comes up with is not always that
Well, okay. May not work out, but there's other conferences. And to answer your question on themes, I would say doing more with less. I am the lazy shit. And my brain thinks what is the easiest way to get from A to B? Now, what my brain comes up with is not always that But it's my thought process at the beginning. So I like doing more with life because I think that's the great thing about streaming is, yeah, literally. Like, I think CEO is a great example of this. I don't know if y'all have ever watched. Fios streams. He is definitely
But it's my thought process at the beginning. So I like doing more with life because I think that's the great thing about streaming is, yeah, literally. Like, I think CEO is a great example of this. I don't know if y'all have ever watched. Fios streams. He is definitely He is definitely. I can't say he's not everybody's cup of tea. He is not everybody's cup of tea. I find him absolutely hilarious and very, very direct. And, um, Fio on his stream will do, um, like, live stream his short videos while he's live streaming
He is definitely. I can't say he's not everybody's cup of tea. He is not everybody's cup of tea. I find him absolutely hilarious and very, very direct. And, um, Fio on his stream will do, um, like, live stream his short videos while he's live streaming So, like, he has a shortcut that he'll like click and it goes in the chat and he'll be like, yo, and this is this. Theo rants. He does a Theo rant. And I feel like we should like, I'll click this for Theo rant and like this. And set up is not like that, but okay. And then he ends the clip
So, like, he has a shortcut that he'll like click and it goes in the chat and he'll be like, yo, and this is this. Theo rants. He does a Theo rant. And I feel like we should like, I'll click this for Theo rant and like this. And set up is not like that, but okay. And then he ends the clip And so he recorded his short stuff in his long form and takes care of both. That is doing more with less. Mm-hmm. Totally. I thought it was really cool. I don't know why it was the mind blowing to me, but that's just one example of them. Of more with less. I also like the idea
And so he recorded his short stuff in his long form and takes care of both. That is doing more with less. Mm-hmm. Totally. I thought it was really cool. I don't know why it was the mind blowing to me, but that's just one example of them. Of more with less. I also like the idea What is one that you always tell me about from, um, Jason, laying in the door. Lengstorf, I think. Yeah. Yeah. You are, you are correct. Why I can. Jason's been on the show when I still can't get his name right. I am. I will, uh, share Jason's learn with Jason. You mean Jason. I'm not going to be
What is one that you always tell me about from, um, Jason, laying in the door. Lengstorf, I think. Yeah. Yeah. You are, you are correct. Why I can. Jason's been on the show when I still can't get his name right. I am. I will, uh, share Jason's learn with Jason. You mean Jason. I'm not going to be Yeah. I'm not going to be. And yes, everybody, I do share Twitter's. You do not have to have a Twitter to absolutely look at stuff and you can still see all of their links to go out there. But I think you said it was called the buffalo stick. Yeah. Using all of the buff
Yeah. I'm not going to be. And yes, everybody, I do share Twitter's. You do not have to have a Twitter to absolutely look at stuff and you can still see all of their links to go out there. But I think you said it was called the buffalo stick. Yeah. Using all of the buff Using them of the buffalo and like don't forget the buffalo stick. I think it's a combination of, of idioms. I felt like I'm talking more than I'm used to. I'm not used to talking anymore apparently. This is what happens when, when. Well, I don't really. Okay, maybe I do talk a lot, but
Using them of the buffalo and like don't forget the buffalo stick. I think it's a combination of, of idioms. I felt like I'm talking more than I'm used to. I'm not used to talking anymore apparently. This is what happens when, when. Well, I don't really. Okay, maybe I do talk a lot, but I normally just potato for the weekend. Hmm. Yes, I. And I didn't potato this weekend this weekend was very busy. It was lovely, but it was busy. But I think this is one thing that I have to realize is just because I can can go out doesn't mean I have to go out and it's okay to still potato
I normally just potato for the weekend. Hmm. Yes, I. And I didn't potato this weekend this weekend was very busy. It was lovely, but it was busy. But I think this is one thing that I have to realize is just because I can can go out doesn't mean I have to go out and it's okay to still potato Mm hmm. Definitely. And I got the term still potato from remote. I'm going to go potato. Yes. Let's see, I think I can do shout outs for all these people that we. We should shout out a cary because. And shout out. Out. Out. At. Riz. No. I would hate that. We'll shout out bend because. Ben's here
Mm hmm. Definitely. And I got the term still potato from remote. I'm going to go potato. Yes. Let's see, I think I can do shout outs for all these people that we. We should shout out a cary because. And shout out. Out. Out. At. Riz. No. I would hate that. We'll shout out bend because. Ben's here Ben's here. So I can. Oh, I have to wait a minute, 46 seconds before giving another shout out, so please stand by. Okay. I'll wait. I will wait. And. So what other topics like. When you're talking about developer education, I
Ben's here. So I can. Oh, I have to wait a minute, 46 seconds before giving another shout out, so please stand by. Okay. I'll wait. I will wait. And. So what other topics like. When you're talking about developer education, I And still vibing like the tech writing, maybe not that freezing, like maybe it's something about writing in general, maybe not tech writing. Like. When I say this, maybe not a technical writer, but educating people on how to create technical content. Because developer education. You taught me
And still vibing like the tech writing, maybe not that freezing, like maybe it's something about writing in general, maybe not tech writing. Like. When I say this, maybe not a technical writer, but educating people on how to create technical content. Because developer education. You taught me You taught me. You taught me how to learn. Better. Especially when I get stuck. And how to work through it. I did it on my own the other day without you. Yeah. Yeah. It was not my favorite. And I. May or may not have had a complete breakdown about accessibility tools and
You taught me. You taught me how to learn. Better. Especially when I get stuck. And how to work through it. I did it on my own the other day without you. Yeah. Yeah. It was not my favorite. And I. May or may not have had a complete breakdown about accessibility tools and I felt like I was in high school again. I cried a ton. And then decided to walk away. And then the next day I went back to it and just used a different tool. And then I was able to do my first read through of a technical document for my tech review. Oh, good. Because. Yeah. Yep. Yeah
I felt like I was in high school again. I cried a ton. And then decided to walk away. And then the next day I went back to it and just used a different tool. And then I was able to do my first read through of a technical document for my tech review. Oh, good. Because. Yeah. Yep. Yeah Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Well, I mean, Ben, I said both. So. Yes. It was not pretty, but. Old Jen would be like, I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. But I don't necessarily see how to get through it. Mm-hmm. Where now I'm like, okay
Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Well, I mean, Ben, I said both. So. Yes. It was not pretty, but. Old Jen would be like, I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. But I don't necessarily see how to get through it. Mm-hmm. Where now I'm like, okay Even if I don't understand it, I can still go through it. Go through the process. Like highlight words. I don't understand. And then go back and research the topic and things. I still need to go back and research. But because you've been on my stream so much, I have learned that it is
Even if I don't understand it, I can still go through it. Go through the process. Like highlight words. I don't understand. And then go back and research the topic and things. I still need to go back and research. But because you've been on my stream so much, I have learned that it is I am someone that gets a lot of understanding by context. So I read, listen to the entire article. And then. And then went back through and did the words I didn't understand or topics or, you know, things I didn't understand. So that way I was like, cool, I'm not getting it because of context
I am someone that gets a lot of understanding by context. So I read, listen to the entire article. And then. And then went back through and did the words I didn't understand or topics or, you know, things I didn't understand. So that way I was like, cool, I'm not getting it because of context So this is something I should probably go research. Mm-hmm. And I just want to say, you helped me get on stuff with that. Oh, good. I'm so glad. You tell me how to learn better. Yeah, you know, there's a book that I read when I was a professor called Teaching Students How to Learn
So this is something I should probably go research. Mm-hmm. And I just want to say, you helped me get on stuff with that. Oh, good. I'm so glad. You tell me how to learn better. Yeah, you know, there's a book that I read when I was a professor called Teaching Students How to Learn And so that could be, that could be like a teaching developer is how to learn. Oh, yes. I think that would be huge. Mm-hmm. I could, I could totally do a talk on that. Mm-hmm. Oh, and everything is, let me find a link for it
And so that could be, that could be like a teaching developer is how to learn. Oh, yes. I think that would be huge. Mm-hmm. I could, I could totally do a talk on that. Mm-hmm. Oh, and everything is, let me find a link for it But there are lots of blog posts with like tips for how to read research papers, which would also be applicable to, I mean, a lot of it would still be applicable to like how to read, I don't know what kind of like what the format was for the technical article that you were reading
But there are lots of blog posts with like tips for how to read research papers, which would also be applicable to, I mean, a lot of it would still be applicable to like how to read, I don't know what kind of like what the format was for the technical article that you were reading But a lot of that would still apply. Let me find one of those links. I think that is a big part of what we're talking about though. So you just, like, take it apart what you just said. There are a lot of blog articles that say this. Yeah, no
But a lot of that would still apply. Let me find one of those links. I think that is a big part of what we're talking about though. So you just, like, take it apart what you just said. There are a lot of blog articles that say this. Yeah, no Yeah, no. If somebody hands me a blog, I'm going to be like, do I got a, I will if I got a, I will use my Texas speech of I got a. But it's not going to sink in as much. If you have a video or a podcast or talk or anything other than in actual blog or text or like docs
Yeah, no. If somebody hands me a blog, I'm going to be like, do I got a, I will if I got a, I will use my Texas speech of I got a. But it's not going to sink in as much. If you have a video or a podcast or talk or anything other than in actual blog or text or like docs Because I even to this day, I still skip over things that I don't realize I skip over in docs and my D&D crew gets annoyed at me for doing so. Because I like to break a lot of things. And then I ask Jacob very nicely to walk me through where I miss something. Mm hmm. So. Yeah
Because I even to this day, I still skip over things that I don't realize I skip over in docs and my D&D crew gets annoyed at me for doing so. Because I like to break a lot of things. And then I ask Jacob very nicely to walk me through where I miss something. Mm hmm. So. Yeah Mm hmm. So. Yeah. I just want to bring up Ben's question. So would I recommend that book? It's hard to say. Um, it was quite a few years. It was like five years ago that I read it. And a lot of it. Mostly only applies to. Teaching in like a formal academic context. Because there's like
Mm hmm. So. Yeah. I just want to bring up Ben's question. So would I recommend that book? It's hard to say. Um, it was quite a few years. It was like five years ago that I read it. And a lot of it. Mostly only applies to. Teaching in like a formal academic context. Because there's like You need like a teaching students how to read and absorb and refer back to the syllabus. And this is how to prepare for a midterm. And this is how to, you know, and so it was really good. It was it was it was really pretty good for for that purpose. And in particular, just like thinking of. Okay
You need like a teaching students how to read and absorb and refer back to the syllabus. And this is how to prepare for a midterm. And this is how to, you know, and so it was really good. It was it was it was really pretty good for for that purpose. And in particular, just like thinking of. Okay Okay. So the biggest the biggest thing that I got out of that book was just almost the title. In the sense that it just recognizes and honors that we do have to teach students how to learn. Like learning how to learn that meta learning how to learn is such a complete thing
Okay. So the biggest the biggest thing that I got out of that book was just almost the title. In the sense that it just recognizes and honors that we do have to teach students how to learn. Like learning how to learn that meta learning how to learn is such a complete thing You have to learn how to do it. Nobody is born knowing how to learn. Especially with neurodiversity that especially weren't taught years ago and how to get through them. Right. Because you don't learn like everybody else. Yep
You have to learn how to do it. Nobody is born knowing how to learn. Especially with neurodiversity that especially weren't taught years ago and how to get through them. Right. Because you don't learn like everybody else. Yep Yep. And that book was very prescriptive in the sense that there were like it wasn't, you know, students should. Do like here are a bunch of different ideas and students should do what works for them. It was very here are the things that students do or should do to be successful winners
Yep. And that book was very prescriptive in the sense that there were like it wasn't, you know, students should. Do like here are a bunch of different ideas and students should do what works for them. It was very here are the things that students do or should do to be successful winners So I guess I would say I don't recommend to that book at least not for the like teaching developers how to learn context. There were some really good tips. I just don't feel like they cover like for for people who are teaching in like formal academic institutions
So I guess I would say I don't recommend to that book at least not for the like teaching developers how to learn context. There were some really good tips. I just don't feel like they cover like for for people who are teaching in like formal academic institutions There were some really good learning tips in there. I just don't feel like it's everything because it doesn't address different learning needs and stuff like that. But learning how you yourself learn that well, first of all, just acknowledging that we have to learn how to learn
There were some really good learning tips in there. I just don't feel like it's everything because it doesn't address different learning needs and stuff like that. But learning how you yourself learn that well, first of all, just acknowledging that we have to learn how to learn I feel like is at least half the battle. And then most of the rest of the battle is recognizing that when you're a migdala is activating that flight or fight or flight mode
I feel like is at least half the battle. And then most of the rest of the battle is recognizing that when you're a migdala is activating that flight or fight or flight mode That's when you have to stay or if you cannot like like Jen you you had to like step away and take a break and come back the next day. And that is also totally a strategy. Oh, you're a man
That's when you have to stay or if you cannot like like Jen you you had to like step away and take a break and come back the next day. And that is also totally a strategy. Oh, you're a man Oh, you're a man. Yeah, that's when the learning is happening and it's hard because as a professor I found that students generally were really, really resistant to the way that I taught because what they wanted from a math professor is somebody who stands at the board and they solve 35 problems
Oh, you're a man. Yeah, that's when the learning is happening and it's hard because as a professor I found that students generally were really, really resistant to the way that I taught because what they wanted from a math professor is somebody who stands at the board and they solve 35 problems And then that's it more or less. And so like they just watch and they're like writing it down and so they feel like they're learning because they're watching somebody do something and the person is having success
And then that's it more or less. And so like they just watch and they're like writing it down and so they feel like they're learning because they're watching somebody do something and the person is having success And they're like, okay, yeah, I understand why you did why you did a and then be and then see and then D and then we were done. Okay, great. I understand how to do this problem. But then when you sit down to do the homework and you're trying to do a problem that is so similar
And they're like, okay, yeah, I understand why you did why you did a and then be and then see and then D and then we were done. Okay, great. I understand how to do this problem. But then when you sit down to do the homework and you're trying to do a problem that is so similar But you still like you're not exactly sure like, oh wait, I thought I understood why when we had a then we had to do B. And now I don't understand why we had to do B. And so now I have a situation where I don't know when I have to do B and when I don't because I don't know what B is for
But you still like you're not exactly sure like, oh wait, I thought I understood why when we had a then we had to do B. And now I don't understand why we had to do B. And so now I have a situation where I don't know when I have to do B and when I don't because I don't know what B is for And that happens all the time in programming, right, like especially if what you're doing is pattern matching. So you're looking at code that somebody else wrote and you're like adapting it to do something else
And that happens all the time in programming, right, like especially if what you're doing is pattern matching. So you're looking at code that somebody else wrote and you're like adapting it to do something else If you don't understand what a particular piece is piece of code is like line of code is for. Then you might be using it where you don't need it or not using it where you do need it because you don't know what it's for is totally a thing and that happens in that all the time to
If you don't understand what a particular piece is piece of code is like line of code is for. Then you might be using it where you don't need it or not using it where you do need it because you don't know what it's for is totally a thing and that happens in that all the time to And so that I think is, but it feels so much better to watch somebody do a lecture and you feel like you got it and then you don't find out until later that you don't got it. It feels so much better than finding out that you don't got it. Right. I don't know
And so that I think is, but it feels so much better to watch somebody do a lecture and you feel like you got it and then you don't find out until later that you don't got it. It feels so much better than finding out that you don't got it. Right. I don't know I don't know. I say that because sometimes it feels safer. Let me say that it feels safer, not better safer. Sorry, I totally interrupted you. I'm still thinking it through in the fact that it's almost like. I don't know. Sometimes figuring that out later can prevent people
I don't know. I say that because sometimes it feels safer. Let me say that it feels safer, not better safer. Sorry, I totally interrupted you. I'm still thinking it through in the fact that it's almost like. I don't know. Sometimes figuring that out later can prevent people Because you would have had to learn something based on the context that you learned it from and if nobody's disagreeing with you, the way they meant it or the way it's supposed to be taught may not actually be the right way to be taught because other people may make other neuro connections
Because you would have had to learn something based on the context that you learned it from and if nobody's disagreeing with you, the way they meant it or the way it's supposed to be taught may not actually be the right way to be taught because other people may make other neuro connections Where they may be right to. I'm trying to process what you said. I know I think I'm going to get a little too full of thought. I'm not sure what you mean, I guess
Where they may be right to. I'm trying to process what you said. I know I think I'm going to get a little too full of thought. I'm not sure what you mean, I guess Because like here's a reason it's like the kind of thing that I mean is like I would instead of solving 35 problems and then saying bye bye, I have fun to your work. I would solve like, oh, we are yes, yes, we are talking about learning how to learn remote
Because like here's a reason it's like the kind of thing that I mean is like I would instead of solving 35 problems and then saying bye bye, I have fun to your work. I would solve like, oh, we are yes, yes, we are talking about learning how to learn remote Yeah, in the context of maybe I should do a talk on this for a different common. So I would as a as a math person. Oh, no, with you. Okay, we'll be we'll be working on Python, right? Like in our in our other stream, we'll be doing the Python. And I don't tell you the answer
Yeah, in the context of maybe I should do a talk on this for a different common. So I would as a as a math person. Oh, no, with you. Okay, we'll be we'll be working on Python, right? Like in our in our other stream, we'll be doing the Python. And I don't tell you the answer I don't tell you how something works. I let you poke at it. And like if you if you like are you know totally stuck, I'll try to like help like guide you in in a direction. And like we'll try different things and see like does this work? No, does the everything work? No, maybe the third thing works
I don't tell you how something works. I let you poke at it. And like if you if you like are you know totally stuck, I'll try to like help like guide you in in a direction. And like we'll try different things and see like does this work? No, does the everything work? No, maybe the third thing works And then we can figure out why the first two things didn't work. And so on as opposed to just saying type this and then type that. Okay, great. That worked. And now we can move on. Yes. And the way I was taking it in that same example was like learning the chapter beforehand
And then we can figure out why the first two things didn't work. And so on as opposed to just saying type this and then type that. Okay, great. That worked. And now we can move on. Yes. And the way I was taking it in that same example was like learning the chapter beforehand So that's my understanding where even with like Josh, when Josh comes on the stream for typescripts, it will be re adjusting what I was learning, but a lot of times the connections I made were accurate, just not always in the order that was being taught
So that's my understanding where even with like Josh, when Josh comes on the stream for typescripts, it will be re adjusting what I was learning, but a lot of times the connections I made were accurate, just not always in the order that was being taught So that's what I would say in like, oh yeah, you may not always want to be told that it was wrong, per se, because your connections could have been correct, just not in the order of somebody else would have done it. Totally, but, but you won't find out
So that's what I would say in like, oh yeah, you may not always want to be told that it was wrong, per se, because your connections could have been correct, just not in the order of somebody else would have done it. Totally, but, but you won't find out You won't you won't get to that point where you find out like, oh, I had connections here, but they were in the wrong order or something like that
You won't you won't get to that point where you find out like, oh, I had connections here, but they were in the wrong order or something like that If all you ever hear is a lecture, like in like a math lecture context, say, if it's always just a lecture, then you only ever like go, oh, okay, well, I thought I understood this thing, but actually we're doing it this other way
If all you ever hear is a lecture, like in like a math lecture context, say, if it's always just a lecture, then you only ever like go, oh, okay, well, I thought I understood this thing, but actually we're doing it this other way So I guess that thing was wrong and it might not have been you have to be like working together. It's it's a team effort and what I have found is that students generally want it to be a unidirectional situation, information flows from me into you the end as opposed to like a loop. Really quick
So I guess that thing was wrong and it might not have been you have to be like working together. It's it's a team effort and what I have found is that students generally want it to be a unidirectional situation, information flows from me into you the end as opposed to like a loop. Really quick Really quick. So I just started listening to it, but I feel like you are just like same with this thing just said. So I really, there is a book. I just started listening to on audible said how to say it works that make a difference. I'm sure this here shortly
Really quick. So I just started listening to it, but I feel like you are just like same with this thing just said. So I really, there is a book. I just started listening to on audible said how to say it works that make a difference. I'm sure this here shortly And what they were talking about is how, yes, there's like context and those type of things. I'm only like. Couple chapters in. But what is the thing they talk about is that together that a lot of times when we say together, we're willing to go further than we are if we're told to do it
And what they were talking about is how, yes, there's like context and those type of things. I'm only like. Couple chapters in. But what is the thing they talk about is that together that a lot of times when we say together, we're willing to go further than we are if we're told to do it And that was like what you just say in. And that's a big reason why I started teaching tech is because I learned that my learning style is not exactly suitable for school. It's what I have found because I want to be able to talk things out with people. And it's
And that was like what you just say in. And that's a big reason why I started teaching tech is because I learned that my learning style is not exactly suitable for school. It's what I have found because I want to be able to talk things out with people. And it's And it's. I mean, maybe now I'd be more successful, but back then, y'all I was really can awkward. Nobody wanted to talk to me. Literally nobody wanted to talk to me. So maybe I just grew out of that phase
And it's. I mean, maybe now I'd be more successful, but back then, y'all I was really can awkward. Nobody wanted to talk to me. Literally nobody wanted to talk to me. So maybe I just grew out of that phase But educational system, like I guess I want to I want to gently draw a distinction between school and the style of institution that we call school in most places
But educational system, like I guess I want to I want to gently draw a distinction between school and the style of institution that we call school in most places And I think that's because it's completely possible to, okay, I mean, I'm always talking about I'm so sorry y'all I'm always talking about Montessori education, but like at my kids school when when he's in middle school
And I think that's because it's completely possible to, okay, I mean, I'm always talking about I'm so sorry y'all I'm always talking about Montessori education, but like at my kids school when when he's in middle school So so throughout like we've talked about how like in the lower ages there, they'll be the kids will be like sprawled on the floor learning stuff. So they are like working together. If they want to be and then like as they get older, it like that stays true
So so throughout like we've talked about how like in the lower ages there, they'll be the kids will be like sprawled on the floor learning stuff. So they are like working together. If they want to be and then like as they get older, it like that stays true And so like in the middle school, the history classroom. There are no desks. There's like a table that's big enough for maybe eight people to sit around. And then there is a sofa and a bunch of bean bags and a bunch of bookshelves and so on because history class is a conversation
And so like in the middle school, the history classroom. There are no desks. There's like a table that's big enough for maybe eight people to sit around. And then there is a sofa and a bunch of bean bags and a bunch of bookshelves and so on because history class is a conversation And I think math class is also a conversation. No desks. It's one table where everybody is like it's a square and everybody is like facing each other. Yeah. And the school year could go to were Montessori schools where. And the majority of America is not. Exactly
And I think math class is also a conversation. No desks. It's one table where everybody is like it's a square and everybody is like facing each other. Yeah. And the school year could go to were Montessori schools where. And the majority of America is not. Exactly Exactly. So I don't think that your learning style is is not suited to school
Exactly. So I don't think that your learning style is is not suited to school That you're learning style and most people's learning style is not suited to the type of like the style in which we educate people where like there are a bunch of desks, the teacher stands at the front of the room, the teacher imparts information, the students absorb information
That you're learning style and most people's learning style is not suited to the type of like the style in which we educate people where like there are a bunch of desks, the teacher stands at the front of the room, the teacher imparts information, the students absorb information People only talk when they raise their hands and are called upon. There classes over. Goodbye. Which I think is garbage. Yeah, but I feel like we'll definitely go down a different rabbit hole if we go doing that. Which we are very, very good at doing
People only talk when they raise their hands and are called upon. There classes over. Goodbye. Which I think is garbage. Yeah, but I feel like we'll definitely go down a different rabbit hole if we go doing that. Which we are very, very good at doing Now, I do want to mention that, yes, Ramon, we are totally talking about ways to learn. I'm learning to learn, which has been a journey and a half, even for myself. And thanks for introducing me to Laura because it's a lot. And then I've been reposting things that Ramon posted of
Now, I do want to mention that, yes, Ramon, we are totally talking about ways to learn. I'm learning to learn, which has been a journey and a half, even for myself. And thanks for introducing me to Laura because it's a lot. And then I've been reposting things that Ramon posted of They had a doctor Barbara Oakley and Zach. I talked about this very topic at a free boot camp. They taught last year and it is linked. And then also, some I sort of related the programmers brain by. Fell line. Get it going to go with please don't ask me how to say anybody's names or within general
They had a doctor Barbara Oakley and Zach. I talked about this very topic at a free boot camp. They taught last year and it is linked. And then also, some I sort of related the programmers brain by. Fell line. Get it going to go with please don't ask me how to say anybody's names or within general I'm not great at it. But the reason we're talking about this is taking it back to the beginning. We were talking about Laura wanting to find some ideas to submit the CFP. And Laura has taught me how to learn better. And that is how we got to where we're at right now
I'm not great at it. But the reason we're talking about this is taking it back to the beginning. We were talking about Laura wanting to find some ideas to submit the CFP. And Laura has taught me how to learn better. And that is how we got to where we're at right now And that's a good way of recapping it. I wonder if I don't know. I see then this talk and then I think, oh, like I wonder maybe I shouldn't try to write this talk because somebody's already written this talk. Yeah, but that's not like for everybody. You have different ways of saying things
And that's a good way of recapping it. I wonder if I don't know. I see then this talk and then I think, oh, like I wonder maybe I shouldn't try to write this talk because somebody's already written this talk. Yeah, but that's not like for everybody. You have different ways of saying things This is happening so many times where you've told me something. I'm like, yeah, okay. And then like Jay will say something and I'm like, oh, if I'm like, craze. Or you told me something like seven times like functions. I know what functions are. I use functions all the time
This is happening so many times where you've told me something. I'm like, yeah, okay. And then like Jay will say something and I'm like, oh, if I'm like, craze. Or you told me something like seven times like functions. I know what functions are. I use functions all the time And then I look at a book trying to spread functions. And I'm like, I don't know what the fuck is this. What's the function? Yeah. Yeah. And then I think it's like, I don't know what functions are brains like get stuck on like, oh, I don't know
And then I look at a book trying to spread functions. And I'm like, I don't know what the fuck is this. What's the function? Yeah. Yeah. And then I think it's like, I don't know what functions are brains like get stuck on like, oh, I don't know We'll have, I think it's like some kind of an unconscious memory or like we remember having found something really hard at one point. And then our brain just like pings on that. Like we see the word and then we're like, oh, that's that scary thing
We'll have, I think it's like some kind of an unconscious memory or like we remember having found something really hard at one point. And then our brain just like pings on that. Like we see the word and then we're like, oh, that's that scary thing And then we get stuck in there and we have to like talk ourselves out of it like, oh, that was a scary thing. And then I turned on the light and it turned out that it was okay. But now every time I, you know, see this word, I have to like go through these motions
And then we get stuck in there and we have to like talk ourselves out of it like, oh, that was a scary thing. And then I turned on the light and it turned out that it was okay. But now every time I, you know, see this word, I have to like go through these motions That I'm still kind of convinced something's going to happen. I just am like, you know, the boogie monster may be gone right now, but they're going to be back. Try having a panic attack while camping, trying to find the restroom at night with no flashlight. And you couldn't find your glasses
That I'm still kind of convinced something's going to happen. I just am like, you know, the boogie monster may be gone right now, but they're going to be back. Try having a panic attack while camping, trying to find the restroom at night with no flashlight. And you couldn't find your glasses Oh, no. That was a shit show. I say that because like those are the type of things that I'm like, okay, if I can do that, I can get through what I'm trying to learn. I'm not talking. I don't know if that's what other people do to try to get through shitty situations
Oh, no. That was a shit show. I say that because like those are the type of things that I'm like, okay, if I can do that, I can get through what I'm trying to learn. I'm not talking. I don't know if that's what other people do to try to get through shitty situations I just try to think of a shitty or situation that I've gotten through to get through it. I don't, I'm not sure if it's logical, but it works. Yeah. So what are other things in a developer education that interests you? I don't know
I just try to think of a shitty or situation that I've gotten through to get through it. I don't, I'm not sure if it's logical, but it works. Yeah. So what are other things in a developer education that interests you? I don't know That just sort of seems like it could be unease for me because that's my background isn't education. Yeah. And so on. And you know, you already taught a developer how to learn. That's true. It's weird to say. I'm a developer. You totally are. I'm really, really weird to say. I hear you
That just sort of seems like it could be unease for me because that's my background isn't education. Yeah. And so on. And you know, you already taught a developer how to learn. That's true. It's weird to say. I'm a developer. You totally are. I'm really, really weird to say. I hear you I hear you. What do you think you might submit a talk for? I don't know. Did any of my topics work for doing less for more for less? I mean, I feel like there's an angle in there. I don't know if everybody else was here. I also could. Hop in pace these real quick. Stand by
I hear you. What do you think you might submit a talk for? I don't know. Did any of my topics work for doing less for more for less? I mean, I feel like there's an angle in there. I don't know if everybody else was here. I also could. Hop in pace these real quick. Stand by Stand by. Well, I awkwardly stare at my phone. And try to. So for everybody that was not here at the very beginning, I decided that it would be really fun. I decided I did not decide. But I woke up. She a bunch of random talk ideas. So I woke up enough to text them to myself. And
Stand by. Well, I awkwardly stare at my phone. And try to. So for everybody that was not here at the very beginning, I decided that it would be really fun. I decided I did not decide. But I woke up. She a bunch of random talk ideas. So I woke up enough to text them to myself. And And. It's a bunch for me and my ideas. I will. Share them here shortly. Okay. Yes, Bacari Panic attacks suck. I'm. I'm not really a person. I don't have a remote. Bed their dog. And. Always think the person who gave a similar talk topic might not be at the conference from that perspective
And. It's a bunch for me and my ideas. I will. Share them here shortly. Okay. Yes, Bacari Panic attacks suck. I'm. I'm not really a person. I don't have a remote. Bed their dog. And. Always think the person who gave a similar talk topic might not be at the conference from that perspective For sure. And also similar. And. And. I didn't know what was going on in the world. I was trying to learn like, camera shit and it was not fun. Yeah. Okay. Hey. I'll. Yeah. Okay. Okay. All these are duplicated. I will share my screen here shortly because I'm texting them to myself. But hey
For sure. And also similar. And. And. I didn't know what was going on in the world. I was trying to learn like, camera shit and it was not fun. Yeah. Okay. Hey. I'll. Yeah. Okay. Okay. All these are duplicated. I will share my screen here shortly because I'm texting them to myself. But hey But hey. Half a week. Jen couldn't figure out how else to. Get them down. And then I woke up. Which song? I don't want to wake. Yeah. We're flowing. Man. Yep. Okay. Yeah. And you mean these. And. Go down those. These. Okay. Please stand by. It's pretty sure. I am. I am sleepy. I had to be up at
But hey. Half a week. Jen couldn't figure out how else to. Get them down. And then I woke up. Which song? I don't want to wake. Yeah. We're flowing. Man. Yep. Okay. Yeah. And you mean these. And. Go down those. These. Okay. Please stand by. It's pretty sure. I am. I am sleepy. I had to be up at I had to be up at. I'm sleepy. Yeah. No, thank you. Okay. So it comes from this one. This one is first. Learning live is like stating. All learning live amongst the gate to tech. Remonerty left. I think you would have liked this one. I'm a potato. Ideas to use your nerves. I'm not. I'm not
I had to be up at. I'm sleepy. Yeah. No, thank you. Okay. So it comes from this one. This one is first. Learning live is like stating. All learning live amongst the gate to tech. Remonerty left. I think you would have liked this one. I'm a potato. Ideas to use your nerves. I'm not. I'm not I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. Well, potato. Ideas to use your neurodiversity to your advantage. Socializing. Causes me four. For. For. Debug in your sleep. How. How not. Your most undervalued tool. Swiss being out there. Breaking through. I don't want to
I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. Well, potato. Ideas to use your neurodiversity to your advantage. Socializing. Causes me four. For. For. Debug in your sleep. How. How not. Your most undervalued tool. Swiss being out there. Breaking through. I don't want to I don't want to. How analysis paralysis keeps us from success. Newbs aren't here. Distill your job. questions to get help from those who don't want to help you. Why does tech gatekeep and how to become secure while helping others? Pros and cons of saying fuck it
I don't want to. How analysis paralysis keeps us from success. Newbs aren't here. Distill your job. questions to get help from those who don't want to help you. Why does tech gatekeep and how to become secure while helping others? Pros and cons of saying fuck it Types of ducts, how having data types can help your ducking code. And learning in public, overcoming, I don't know. I don't know, I can help your career, becoming secure in your role and use your privilege to level the playing fields
Types of ducts, how having data types can help your ducking code. And learning in public, overcoming, I don't know. I don't know, I can help your career, becoming secure in your role and use your privilege to level the playing fields They don't bite unless you're a beginner, overcoming the shame of saying I don't know, and debugging dyslexia. Those are the ideas. Yeah, so I'm trying to think about how to relate them to dev rel in particular
They don't bite unless you're a beginner, overcoming the shame of saying I don't know, and debugging dyslexia. Those are the ideas. Yeah, so I'm trying to think about how to relate them to dev rel in particular And like from there, like which ones would fit the theme of doing more with less or any of the other themes over the developer education and something. Developer success. I think they all could really go into developer success. Oops. I mean to do that. There we go. I'm back here to comments
And like from there, like which ones would fit the theme of doing more with less or any of the other themes over the developer education and something. Developer success. I think they all could really go into developer success. Oops. I mean to do that. There we go. I'm back here to comments Yeah, I mean they all could, but I think it's definitely something that I don't know, I'll have to noodle on it. Because I actually haven't asking my mentor at work for help on this. So I'm excited to show him all of these random ideas. Yeah, because I'm like there are a lot of them
Yeah, I mean they all could, but I think it's definitely something that I don't know, I'll have to noodle on it. Because I actually haven't asking my mentor at work for help on this. So I'm excited to show him all of these random ideas. Yeah, because I'm like there are a lot of them What do I do with them now? I have your one about naps. I have a blog post started, but not finished, called how taking every afternoon off increases my productivity. Because I do in fact take every afternoon off in the sense that I work into shifts, I guess. And this is just like my style
What do I do with them now? I have your one about naps. I have a blog post started, but not finished, called how taking every afternoon off increases my productivity. Because I do in fact take every afternoon off in the sense that I work into shifts, I guess. And this is just like my style That's nothing to do with nobody imposed this upon me. Is that my biology I suppose. So I do like a really good shift of work from like eight to one ish. And then I am not very useful between one and about eight thirty PM
That's nothing to do with nobody imposed this upon me. Is that my biology I suppose. So I do like a really good shift of work from like eight to one ish. And then I am not very useful between one and about eight thirty PM In fact, and then I get another really good burst from like eight thirty to like eleven or midnight. And so I work in two bits and I also kind of sleep in two bits. So I sleep from like midnight to you know six thirty or so
In fact, and then I get another really good burst from like eight thirty to like eleven or midnight. And so I work in two bits and I also kind of sleep in two bits. So I sleep from like midnight to you know six thirty or so And then I have an app somewhere in the middle of that like I am not useful now afternoon. I tried last week to pretend that that wasn't a thing. And I tried to keep working past one PM. And I got nowhere. And I felt terrible and useless and and so on
And then I have an app somewhere in the middle of that like I am not useful now afternoon. I tried last week to pretend that that wasn't a thing. And I tried to keep working past one PM. And I got nowhere. And I felt terrible and useless and and so on And I ended up I was like, okay, I guess I am just going to take a nap because I'm not actually making any progress. And I'm sleepy. And I had my nap and I woke up had some coffee and at eight thirty I was like, oh, I need to go. And I worked until midnight. And then I was like, I knew this
And I ended up I was like, okay, I guess I am just going to take a nap because I'm not actually making any progress. And I'm sleepy. And I had my nap and I woke up had some coffee and at eight thirty I was like, oh, I need to go. And I worked until midnight. And then I was like, I knew this I already knew this about myself. Why did I pretend that I didn't know this about myself? I first beat myself up and back. Okay, I did it hard. But I feel like we all kind of like it's good to test things. Are we still the way we created this habit around? Like I can lie
I already knew this about myself. Why did I pretend that I didn't know this about myself? I first beat myself up and back. Okay, I did it hard. But I feel like we all kind of like it's good to test things. Are we still the way we created this habit around? Like I can lie I still try to eat gluten from time to time. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. No, I really shouldn't have done that. But I've also learned because of that that I can eat a little more gluten than I thought I could. If I have like chicken nuggets, I will be okay
I still try to eat gluten from time to time. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. No, I really shouldn't have done that. But I've also learned because of that that I can eat a little more gluten than I thought I could. If I have like chicken nuggets, I will be okay If I were to have a beer or pizza, that is just all the gluten. I will be suffering. Beurally. East cake? I can eat it with a crust. Now, very since she's thick of dairy too, ice cream will kill me. Milk will kill me. Like I will be in the bathroom crying
If I were to have a beer or pizza, that is just all the gluten. I will be suffering. Beurally. East cake? I can eat it with a crust. Now, very since she's thick of dairy too, ice cream will kill me. Milk will kill me. Like I will be in the bathroom crying Where cream cheese, cheese, you know, cheesecake. I'm fine. Totally fine. I say all of that because sometimes we have to find our, you know, our habit. And then sometimes we have to test it. Tested seasoning is still right
Where cream cheese, cheese, you know, cheesecake. I'm fine. Totally fine. I say all of that because sometimes we have to find our, you know, our habit. And then sometimes we have to test it. Tested seasoning is still right Where I have learned that, especially with the new job, I wake up around four, ish, and then take my medication. She'd be on a call by five or six. I work until lunch. And that's when I get ready for streaming normally. And then I stream. I'm done by two
Where I have learned that, especially with the new job, I wake up around four, ish, and then take my medication. She'd be on a call by five or six. I work until lunch. And that's when I get ready for streaming normally. And then I stream. I'm done by two I'm done by two. Sorry, I take the dog for a long walk, and then I'm going to pass out for like 45 minutes. And if you have the best thing ever, because then I'm like, oh, okay, like I'm, I'm figuring my way around this world
I'm done by two. Sorry, I take the dog for a long walk, and then I'm going to pass out for like 45 minutes. And if you have the best thing ever, because then I'm like, oh, okay, like I'm, I'm figuring my way around this world Yeah, it's also really weird because I'm like this is the longest day ever. Because 5 a.m., roughly, to 8 p.m. She was like a very, very long time. So it's also now, my goal is finding out how do I wear in this new setup? Do I find motivation to do the dishes? We're lonely
Yeah, it's also really weird because I'm like this is the longest day ever. Because 5 a.m., roughly, to 8 p.m. She was like a very, very long time. So it's also now, my goal is finding out how do I wear in this new setup? Do I find motivation to do the dishes? We're lonely But I'm like, it's one step at the time. We're walking the dog every day. That's a pretty good one for like a half hour walk. That is the new good thing to do. If I try to do it all at once, I will explode. And then we'll get anywhere. And we'll just go back to being a hermit in my bed. I know
But I'm like, it's one step at the time. We're walking the dog every day. That's a pretty good one for like a half hour walk. That is the new good thing to do. If I try to do it all at once, I will explode. And then we'll get anywhere. And we'll just go back to being a hermit in my bed. I know I know. I really wanted to hermit yesterday, even though I really had a lot of fun going out. And that is something that I, oh, that's another thing you could talk about. So, outgoing introverts and needing to hermit. Yeah, in Deverell, in particular. Yeah. Mm-hmm
I know. I really wanted to hermit yesterday, even though I really had a lot of fun going out. And that is something that I, oh, that's another thing you could talk about. So, outgoing introverts and needing to hermit. Yeah, in Deverell, in particular. Yeah. Mm-hmm Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I think I'm just, if you don't use that one or you can't even think about cement, I think I really want to, I need to ask Ramona if this is okay, but I really want to use the one I'm a potato
Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I think I'm just, if you don't use that one or you can't even think about cement, I think I really want to, I need to ask Ramona if this is okay, but I really want to use the one I'm a potato Oh, are you concerned about like idea infringement and with respect to the word potato? No, it's more of like, I think everybody could submit something because they're all going to be a little different
Oh, are you concerned about like idea infringement and with respect to the word potato? No, it's more of like, I think everybody could submit something because they're all going to be a little different It's more, I wouldn't say idea infringement of, I wouldn't want people to get sad like, if everybody's going for the same role, not everyone is going to be accepted. So, if you do think similar, then it could cost hesitation
It's more, I wouldn't say idea infringement of, I wouldn't want people to get sad like, if everybody's going for the same role, not everyone is going to be accepted. So, if you do think similar, then it could cost hesitation I don't think that's the right word, but role? I use role as an example, but for the same talk, the same, anytime multiple people or multiple friends are going to the same something. Oh, I get it. So, you mean you don't want, like, if Ramona was already submitting something along those lines
I don't think that's the right word, but role? I use role as an example, but for the same talk, the same, anytime multiple people or multiple friends are going to the same something. Oh, I get it. So, you mean you don't want, like, if Ramona was already submitting something along those lines Yeah, gotcha. And if he okay with me using his phrase, I'm a potato. So, that's what I was going to say is I don't think that that's strictly Ramona's phrase. I agree, but I learned it from Ramona, so I have so cheated with him
Yeah, gotcha. And if he okay with me using his phrase, I'm a potato. So, that's what I was going to say is I don't think that that's strictly Ramona's phrase. I agree, but I learned it from Ramona, so I have so cheated with him So, I think that's also something that I am just personal about of like, who do I associate it with? And is it because I came up with that word? Because of them or did they say the word and I left on to it? Because it could have a sentimental meaning to them
So, I think that's also something that I am just personal about of like, who do I associate it with? And is it because I came up with that word? Because of them or did they say the word and I left on to it? Because it could have a sentimental meaning to them I like the phrase, I'm a potato, because I grew up in Idaho, the potato seat. And I love French fries and potatoes. Like, any type of potato, I really, really like potatoes. Yeah. And that's why I wanted to do, I'm a potato. Good. But so many options. So many things
I like the phrase, I'm a potato, because I grew up in Idaho, the potato seat. And I love French fries and potatoes. Like, any type of potato, I really, really like potatoes. Yeah. And that's why I wanted to do, I'm a potato. Good. But so many options. So many things So many things. Well, I hope today was helpful with getting ideas flowing. Totally. Yeah. I'm very, I'm very low energy at the moment. And so I feel much more enthusiastic in my head than my body is, is conveying. Because I'm, I'm potato right now
So many things. Well, I hope today was helpful with getting ideas flowing. Totally. Yeah. I'm very, I'm very low energy at the moment. And so I feel much more enthusiastic in my head than my body is, is conveying. Because I'm, I'm potato right now I just want to, that I feel like should be our new phrase is I'm a potato on the outside, on the inside. It's a party. Mm-hmm. On Wednesday night, I have a concert to go to. Like, my friend was like, yo, I got tickets. They're sold out. You should go with me
I just want to, that I feel like should be our new phrase is I'm a potato on the outside, on the inside. It's a party. Mm-hmm. On Wednesday night, I have a concert to go to. Like, my friend was like, yo, I got tickets. They're sold out. You should go with me And I'm like, you do know, like, they don't go on stage till my bedtime. I may be there completely enjoying myself, but yawning the entire time and may not be dancing that much. And she's like, it's okay. As long as I know that you're enjoying yourself. And I'm like, no, I'm so excited about this
And I'm like, you do know, like, they don't go on stage till my bedtime. I may be there completely enjoying myself, but yawning the entire time and may not be dancing that much. And she's like, it's okay. As long as I know that you're enjoying yourself. And I'm like, no, I'm so excited about this But mm-hmm. I might be potato in there. Yeah. I'd be a potato at a concert. Might happen. Yep. That's a thing. Well, thank you, Laura. And enjoy your day. And I've got a couple streamer left with the go put you over to her social fix. Hmm. They're dope human. I don't know them. You're so good
But mm-hmm. I might be potato in there. Yeah. I'd be a potato at a concert. Might happen. Yep. That's a thing. Well, thank you, Laura. And enjoy your day. And I've got a couple streamer left with the go put you over to her social fix. Hmm. They're dope human. I don't know them. You're so good You're so good. They're cool. Yeah. They are in Utah. Okay. And our Russian. And helps me figure out some streaming topics. But yeah.
You're so good. They're cool. Yeah. They are in Utah. Okay. And our Russian. And helps me figure out some streaming topics. But yeah.