Pull you, man. Welcome to another episode of Teach Gen Tech. And today is co-working with distributed. At the moment it's just Gen working, but Taylor will be here soon. So it will be co-working because it will be more than one of us Yet at the moment, I am going through, I don't know if anybody else has experienced this, but hey, you got a new phone. Yeah, it's going to be really exciting. And then you think you transferred everything. You erase your other phone. And then you realize that you're two-factor on your old phone
Yet at the moment, I am going through, I don't know if anybody else has experienced this, but hey, you got a new phone. Yeah, it's going to be really exciting. And then you think you transferred everything. You erase your other phone. And then you realize that you're two-factor on your old phone You erased it. Let's just say I'm not exactly excited about this. So I'm working on this, sorry, my old phone. Just to just magically decide to work. And I'm working on my new phone. So until Taylor gets here, I'm kind of just staring at my phones. Yeah, I'm being rude
You erased it. Let's just say I'm not exactly excited about this. So I'm working on this, sorry, my old phone. Just to just magically decide to work. And I'm working on my new phone. So until Taylor gets here, I'm kind of just staring at my phones. Yeah, I'm being rude I'm that person, like, right now. But we will be working on, I believe, Taylor. I'm looking at our previous messages. Wanted to do some live coding in a bit
I'm that person, like, right now. But we will be working on, I believe, Taylor. I'm looking at our previous messages. Wanted to do some live coding in a bit And then I am working on my mirror board, getting all the champion program, like, transferred over because it was not as copy-paste as I was hoping. It was much more, oh my gosh, there's somebody here. Okay, okay, sad
And then I am working on my mirror board, getting all the champion program, like, transferred over because it was not as copy-paste as I was hoping. It was much more, oh my gosh, there's somebody here. Okay, okay, sad Okay, okay, sad. There are a lot more things moved from Lucidchart to Mirro because it doesn't let me just like copy and paste the words. No, no, no. It want, like, if I try to copy and paste it, it does it as photos. And I'm like, yeah, that's that's not helping
Okay, okay, sad. There are a lot more things moved from Lucidchart to Mirro because it doesn't let me just like copy and paste the words. No, no, no. It want, like, if I try to copy and paste it, it does it as photos. And I'm like, yeah, that's that's not helping So yeah, I am hopefully not going to be staring at my phone much longer. And well, it's it's doing some things and stuff. So we'll just let everything go so to side. Anyway, let's see what we are doing. And hello to everyone. Join me. Thank you for joining. You do do do. All right
So yeah, I am hopefully not going to be staring at my phone much longer. And well, it's it's doing some things and stuff. So we'll just let everything go so to side. Anyway, let's see what we are doing. And hello to everyone. Join me. Thank you for joining. You do do do. All right All right. And FYI, I went to a concert last night, which is really exciting. It was so much fun. Yet, y'all, I am. I'm struggling today. Like, I canceled my first meeting of the day, which I normally start work at six AM. Today, I started work at 9.45. And I was originally supposed to have a 8 AM
All right. And FYI, I went to a concert last night, which is really exciting. It was so much fun. Yet, y'all, I am. I'm struggling today. Like, I canceled my first meeting of the day, which I normally start work at six AM. Today, I started work at 9.45. And I was originally supposed to have a 8 AM And I asked to cancel it. What a blower. Oh, Laura, I got my iPad. I'm going to see if I can stream stuff from that mode show notes. No idea if that's going to work. And at the moment, I am fighting with Miro
And I asked to cancel it. What a blower. Oh, Laura, I got my iPad. I'm going to see if I can stream stuff from that mode show notes. No idea if that's going to work. And at the moment, I am fighting with Miro Just weird, because I feel like they just did an update because I just used it on another program. And it was having issues. I don't know why. Oh, it would help if I like share my screen. Share screen
Just weird, because I feel like they just did an update because I just used it on another program. And it was having issues. I don't know why. Oh, it would help if I like share my screen. Share screen Share screen. Oh, and also, Laura, I may or may not be sending you a link to join via Paying in an OBS, which would be exciting. I did OBS last two days. It was a little tricky. So I'm like, let's see what's going on. I may or may not not share
Share screen. Oh, and also, Laura, I may or may not be sending you a link to join via Paying in an OBS, which would be exciting. I did OBS last two days. It was a little tricky. So I'm like, let's see what's going on. I may or may not not share But why is this thing like me? It's like stuck on this. I don't know why. OK. How about? How about me? Miro, what are you doing? I don't understand. It's like stuck on this hand. Oh, there we go. OK? So we don't have a hand anymore. Yay. Now can we do text? No
But why is this thing like me? It's like stuck on this. I don't know why. OK. How about? How about me? Miro, what are you doing? I don't understand. It's like stuck on this hand. Oh, there we go. OK? So we don't have a hand anymore. Yay. Now can we do text? No Is Miro having issues? Let's look at outages. Oh, my 23. It says it's fine. Anyway, like all of a sudden, I can't do anything. I'm logged in as me. Really? I love Miro. But it is just OK. Let's try from my computer last. Oh, maybe OK. That worked. Oh, wait. I think it's working now. Yay. Hopefully
Is Miro having issues? Let's look at outages. Oh, my 23. It says it's fine. Anyway, like all of a sudden, I can't do anything. I'm logged in as me. Really? I love Miro. But it is just OK. Let's try from my computer last. Oh, maybe OK. That worked. Oh, wait. I think it's working now. Yay. Hopefully Yay. Hopefully. Oh, yay. Thank you, Laura. Laura, just shared on how to marry your iPad screen to your Mac. Yes. Yeah. I know that I can mirror it that way. So I might just do a screen share that way. But I want to see if I can, I don't know. I might be making it more difficult in my head. No joke
Yay. Hopefully. Oh, yay. Thank you, Laura. Laura, just shared on how to marry your iPad screen to your Mac. Yes. Yeah. I know that I can mirror it that way. So I might just do a screen share that way. But I want to see if I can, I don't know. I might be making it more difficult in my head. No joke No joke. It's a thing. I do it from time to time. But now that we have Miro, bro, working, it looks like. Let's set up the board. And I am working on the Dev Champion program. And for those joining, basically just hanging out right now. Taylor should be joining here soon
No joke. It's a thing. I do it from time to time. But now that we have Miro, bro, working, it looks like. Let's set up the board. And I am working on the Dev Champion program. And for those joining, basically just hanging out right now. Taylor should be joining here soon Oh, oops, I got the wrong button. And I am working on bringing this Lucid Chart information into the Miro board because Lucid Chart is cool and all. Well, like, look, I don't have like the pages anywhere. Oh, they are showing this time. They didn't show the other time when I was working on it
Oh, oops, I got the wrong button. And I am working on bringing this Lucid Chart information into the Miro board because Lucid Chart is cool and all. Well, like, look, I don't have like the pages anywhere. Oh, they are showing this time. They didn't show the other time when I was working on it They weren't showing it all. But I am definitely one of those people that are like, out of sight, out of mind. So I figured to fix that, you know, make it all in a Miro board. So they're not out of sight. Yes. OK. And we have to manually move stuff. Very annoying
They weren't showing it all. But I am definitely one of those people that are like, out of sight, out of mind. So I figured to fix that, you know, make it all in a Miro board. So they're not out of sight. Yes. OK. And we have to manually move stuff. Very annoying Very annoying. So if we do a new text box, we do that. Hey, we at least have some traction. Ooh, there's no one I meant to click. What are all of you up to today? Laura, what are you doing today? And did you figure out your CFP that you wanted to do, Laura? I've been meaning to ask you that
Very annoying. So if we do a new text box, we do that. Hey, we at least have some traction. Ooh, there's no one I meant to click. What are all of you up to today? Laura, what are you doing today? And did you figure out your CFP that you wanted to do, Laura? I've been meaning to ask you that And for those just as I had that, Laura is a guest on the show every other Friday doing a teach, Jen Python. And then also we co-host a show on Mondays. Currently called Miss Mondays or Missilaneous Mondays
And for those just as I had that, Laura is a guest on the show every other Friday doing a teach, Jen Python. And then also we co-host a show on Mondays. Currently called Miss Mondays or Missilaneous Mondays We've also thought about possibly renaming it, possibly doing a segment called Markdown and Makeup. We need to let Aaron know about this, though, because Aaron would need to be a part of it as well. Who knows? So and on Monday, we stream talking about CFPs
We've also thought about possibly renaming it, possibly doing a segment called Markdown and Makeup. We need to let Aaron know about this, though, because Aaron would need to be a part of it as well. Who knows? So and on Monday, we stream talking about CFPs Oh, I'm only sharing the one window, and I thought I was sharing, wow. OK, let's make sure I share my entire screen. And so on Monday, we were talking about CFPs, which are call for proposals. And that is for people to fill out information to submit for a conference
Oh, I'm only sharing the one window, and I thought I was sharing, wow. OK, let's make sure I share my entire screen. And so on Monday, we were talking about CFPs, which are call for proposals. And that is for people to fill out information to submit for a conference And we were discussing topics for that. And I was talking about being a potato, which is what I wish I was doing today, because it is, for me, being a potato is just like basically hanging out away from everybody last night, went to a concert, and I'm just like, dude, dude
And we were discussing topics for that. And I was talking about being a potato, which is what I wish I was doing today, because it is, for me, being a potato is just like basically hanging out away from everybody last night, went to a concert, and I'm just like, dude, dude I really just want to go to sleep. Yeah. Ooh. Lawyers working on fun things. Templates for SE2's orbital extension engine. That is cool. Yay. Aaron, I'm taking a phone break since I am trying to see if I can hit my two-factor back. Hopefully. I don't remember all the two factors that were in there
I really just want to go to sleep. Yeah. Ooh. Lawyers working on fun things. Templates for SE2's orbital extension engine. That is cool. Yay. Aaron, I'm taking a phone break since I am trying to see if I can hit my two-factor back. Hopefully. I don't remember all the two factors that were in there We're just going to be really difficult. I'm going to see maybe it's going to be nice. Like, let's copy this incoming thing. And what does it do over here if I paste it? That is kind of cool, but it pasted as a photo. Yo. Random spam bot. Spammything. Spam
We're just going to be really difficult. I'm going to see maybe it's going to be nice. Like, let's copy this incoming thing. And what does it do over here if I paste it? That is kind of cool, but it pasted as a photo. Yo. Random spam bot. Spammything. Spam Spammything. Spam. I guess this is good as ever to figure out how to lock someone. All right, let's figure out how to block you and replace you as fam. Lock. Wait. Do I have to report first? Let's report before. Let's report. You are spam. And spammy spam spam. Oh, it's probably a bot. All right
Spammything. Spam. I guess this is good as ever to figure out how to lock someone. All right, let's figure out how to block you and replace you as fam. Lock. Wait. Do I have to report first? Let's report before. Let's report. You are spam. And spammy spam spam. Oh, it's probably a bot. All right All right. Yeah. OK. So 16 p.m. and 10 standard time is a timestamp. And also block you. Yay. And maybe I delete the message. Y'all, you would think that being a streamer for OK-ness, like a long time since July of last year that I would like know how to do this better
All right. Yeah. OK. So 16 p.m. and 10 standard time is a timestamp. And also block you. Yay. And maybe I delete the message. Y'all, you would think that being a streamer for OK-ness, like a long time since July of last year that I would like know how to do this better I, a lot of times, just ignore them. But they are blocked. So we are doing better there. And for those joining from Distribute Aid, Taylor will be here soon at some point. I don't know when Taylor will be here. I will say, where's Kay? So I'm at least working on some Distribute Aid stuff
I, a lot of times, just ignore them. But they are blocked. So we are doing better there. And for those joining from Distribute Aid, Taylor will be here soon at some point. I don't know when Taylor will be here. I will say, where's Kay? So I'm at least working on some Distribute Aid stuff Well, I panic about my chief factor authentication. And I am currently working on moving everything from Lucicart over to Nero because it works better in my brain. And yes. So if we're streaming from both channels right now. Oh, thanks, Laura. That's helpful
Well, I panic about my chief factor authentication. And I am currently working on moving everything from Lucicart over to Nero because it works better in my brain. And yes. So if we're streaming from both channels right now. Oh, thanks, Laura. That's helpful That's helpful. So my ads on my channel said those joining on Gen Genon. That channel for Teach Gen Tech. I had ads on, and they were getting really annoying. Like they played. Like for a minute and a half for someone. And I was like, OK, that's a lot. So I turned my ads off
That's helpful. So my ads on my channel said those joining on Gen Genon. That channel for Teach Gen Tech. I had ads on, and they were getting really annoying. Like they played. Like for a minute and a half for someone. And I was like, OK, that's a lot. So I turned my ads off And Laura would join and kept seeing ads. And we were like, WTF. And this is why. Because if you're at a failure, you can't. Well, all right. Please be patient with ads. That's what we're going to go with. I really wish these copying paste are better, but they don't
And Laura would join and kept seeing ads. And we were like, WTF. And this is why. Because if you're at a failure, you can't. Well, all right. Please be patient with ads. That's what we're going to go with. I really wish these copying paste are better, but they don't So we're just going to do them side by side. And a lot of this is like not up to date. But I'm still copying and pasting it over because I don't want to forget something when I'm like, oh, I'm just going to stop using that one. This is risky. Yeah. Be a key. Yeah
So we're just going to do them side by side. And a lot of this is like not up to date. But I'm still copying and pasting it over because I don't want to forget something when I'm like, oh, I'm just going to stop using that one. This is risky. Yeah. Be a key. Yeah Be a key. Yeah. We're not going to launch the first cohort next month. Just for everybody's knowledge. We started, like, decided that we were going to do this and started on it back in December
Be a key. Yeah. We're not going to launch the first cohort next month. Just for everybody's knowledge. We started, like, decided that we were going to do this and started on it back in December Who's it? And then between all of us with travel and just working on things, it just doesn't always pan out for us to stream and work on things. And I will say I have found that I am not the greatest at doing some of this without body doubling, which is like having other people around
Who's it? And then between all of us with travel and just working on things, it just doesn't always pan out for us to stream and work on things. And I will say I have found that I am not the greatest at doing some of this without body doubling, which is like having other people around So yeah, I mean work on that A and B. I wasn't working on it for a while. And now I am. So we will get updated dates probably next week. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. And from time to time, I will be distracted by staying at my phone, seeing if I can get that updated. We'll see. Hey
So yeah, I mean work on that A and B. I wasn't working on it for a while. And now I am. So we will get updated dates probably next week. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. And from time to time, I will be distracted by staying at my phone, seeing if I can get that updated. We'll see. Hey We'll see. Hey. I feel like this is going to be easiest now. So I'm just going to copy and paste them over and then we'll format. I will say formatting is something that I enjoy yet can get really, really stuck on. Which can be annoying for people. Oh, look at this one
We'll see. Hey. I feel like this is going to be easiest now. So I'm just going to copy and paste them over and then we'll format. I will say formatting is something that I enjoy yet can get really, really stuck on. Which can be annoying for people. Oh, look at this one Oh no, these are all going to be separate ones. That is annoying. Okay, let's just do. Jax. Do. What do y'all use? Do you have like a brainstorming tool like this or use anything like would you rather write it out on paper? How do y'all brainstorm? And then. I'll be. Is your life
Oh no, these are all going to be separate ones. That is annoying. Okay, let's just do. Jax. Do. What do y'all use? Do you have like a brainstorming tool like this or use anything like would you rather write it out on paper? How do y'all brainstorm? And then. I'll be. Is your life Is your life. Really glad it does. Data. Testing. Okay, cool. So for this next one, I know that we had names on here that we didn't necessarily want public. You know, because we don't know if they'll actually help us
Is your life. Really glad it does. Data. Testing. Okay, cool. So for this next one, I know that we had names on here that we didn't necessarily want public. You know, because we don't know if they'll actually help us And that would be really awkward if we're like, yo, dude, like you should help us. Then we never actually verified with them. So. I will copy over what is public. What's up? Hello, everybody. I'm currently copying and pasting things over. I'm over here. And I also hard reset or like
And that would be really awkward if we're like, yo, dude, like you should help us. Then we never actually verified with them. So. I will copy over what is public. What's up? Hello, everybody. I'm currently copying and pasting things over. I'm over here. And I also hard reset or like Got a new phone and then I hard reset the old phone before realizing that which you factor. So I'm currently restoring my old phone and kind of going through panic mode. But I'm trying to like be very calm while I copy and paste all this stuff over
Got a new phone and then I hard reset the old phone before realizing that which you factor. So I'm currently restoring my old phone and kind of going through panic mode. But I'm trying to like be very calm while I copy and paste all this stuff over And I'm like, what's your activity like a Zen copy and paste like might have accidentally erased my whole life, you know, kind of. Yeah, because I'm like, hey, I. I would say for like you and like distributed, it would be kind of funny because I keep doing this stuff
And I'm like, what's your activity like a Zen copy and paste like might have accidentally erased my whole life, you know, kind of. Yeah, because I'm like, hey, I. I would say for like you and like distributed, it would be kind of funny because I keep doing this stuff And I finally got it all set up and now I can't get. Like everything else like. I don't even know what else was out there. That I had on there. Like get hub. What are you transferring your phone number? So you can still get the two factor authentication text messages on your new phone
And I finally got it all set up and now I can't get. Like everything else like. I don't even know what else was out there. That I had on there. Like get hub. What are you transferring your phone number? So you can still get the two factor authentication text messages on your new phone But I only had it through Google authenticator. Is that not a count based because I use one password and like one password will sink the two factor stuff across devices. So like if I ever lost access to my phone, I still got one password on. I think so. But. I'm not sure
But I only had it through Google authenticator. Is that not a count based because I use one password and like one password will sink the two factor stuff across devices. So like if I ever lost access to my phone, I still got one password on. I think so. But. I'm not sure But. I'm not sure. Oh, thank God they're still here. There we go. Taylor shows up. Please happen in the world, ladies and gentlemen. I just want to restore my old phone because it didn't show on the new phone. And because. Oddly
But. I'm not sure. Oh, thank God they're still here. There we go. Taylor shows up. Please happen in the world, ladies and gentlemen. I just want to restore my old phone because it didn't show on the new phone. And because. Oddly And because. Oddly. It worked from like I had a hard reset my own phone once like a while ago. And everything restored. So it was like, that's why I tried it. But on the new phone. So that's what I'm doing. I'm not sure if it's exciting, but it's not horribly exciting over here. Yeah
And because. Oddly. It worked from like I had a hard reset my own phone once like a while ago. And everything restored. So it was like, that's why I tried it. But on the new phone. So that's what I'm doing. I'm not sure if it's exciting, but it's not horribly exciting over here. Yeah Yeah. So what are you up to? What do you want to work on today? What about I mean, I did a lot of like partnerships. Work last week, which was cool. It's funny actually because there's a. Like tech partner of ours called needs list. And so they've built this like a matching software that
Yeah. So what are you up to? What do you want to work on today? What about I mean, I did a lot of like partnerships. Work last week, which was cool. It's funny actually because there's a. Like tech partner of ours called needs list. And so they've built this like a matching software that There are a few years older than us. They're still coming out of the same like grassroots like Greek sort of scene that we were involved with early on. But then you're like, you know, a couple of years ahead
There are a few years older than us. They're still coming out of the same like grassroots like Greek sort of scene that we were involved with early on. But then you're like, you know, a couple of years ahead And so they get big grants like they got a big grant from Google to deploy their software to Ukraine. Right. And so we're working. You know, kind of all of our Ukraine partners are kind of loosely working together. You know, obviously, and then we're talking a lot of folks. So like that's cool
And so they get big grants like they got a big grant from Google to deploy their software to Ukraine. Right. And so we're working. You know, kind of all of our Ukraine partners are kind of loosely working together. You know, obviously, and then we're talking a lot of folks. So like that's cool But they basically like like, hey, can we just like bundle your supply chain support into the grants and stuff that we write going forward. Because they realize that like most of their their customers, right
But they basically like like, hey, can we just like bundle your supply chain support into the grants and stuff that we write going forward. Because they realize that like most of their their customers, right As the tech firm like, yes, want to pay for the tech because that source is aid to go help out in the event of a disaster. Whatever's going on, right
As the tech firm like, yes, want to pay for the tech because that source is aid to go help out in the event of a disaster. Whatever's going on, right But they once the matches made, they need to be able to get it there, you know, I think it's actually a really great approach like how DA can collaborate with a bunch of different actors, right. Like their tech. So they're high margin
But they once the matches made, they need to be able to get it there, you know, I think it's actually a really great approach like how DA can collaborate with a bunch of different actors, right. Like their tech. So they're high margin So they can, you know, afford to pay people like professional grant writers and stuff like that. Right. So the logistics is traditionally low margin industry or grassroots where running as close to zero as we can, you know
So they can, you know, afford to pay people like professional grant writers and stuff like that. Right. So the logistics is traditionally low margin industry or grassroots where running as close to zero as we can, you know And so we don't have that same type of like, can I just business privilege a word, you know, like I don't know. But we implement each other really well. Right. Okay. Cool. Y'all go get deals and just include us in in your deal. So that was like kind of a fun partnerships development thing. Yeah
And so we don't have that same type of like, can I just business privilege a word, you know, like I don't know. But we implement each other really well. Right. Okay. Cool. Y'all go get deals and just include us in in your deal. So that was like kind of a fun partnerships development thing. Yeah Yeah. But I think it'll go. Oh, good for it. Oh, I was just going to say I don't know mirror and I are fighting or it's my computer. Because look, it just disappeared. I'm not sure I could be the browser, maybe. Like anyone who tried. I was usually my first meeting of a website starts acting up
Yeah. But I think it'll go. Oh, good for it. Oh, I was just going to say I don't know mirror and I are fighting or it's my computer. Because look, it just disappeared. I'm not sure I could be the browser, maybe. Like anyone who tried. I was usually my first meeting of a website starts acting up I go in Cognito or I try like a different browser, you know. Yeah, look at this. I wonder if it's going to be. 8.org, right? Yeah. Okay. So it's loading now. But look, it just disappeared. But this. I think it's my browser because like this stuff up here will just start glitching out. Like random
I go in Cognito or I try like a different browser, you know. Yeah, look at this. I wonder if it's going to be. 8.org, right? Yeah. Okay. So it's loading now. But look, it just disappeared. But this. I think it's my browser because like this stuff up here will just start glitching out. Like random Like random. Yeah, like plugins do have installed. I guess it was like a plugin thing, maybe. It started doing it after the last update I did. So that's why I'm thinking it's chrome. It just comes get a bug. Yeah. So I guess I could, you know, start working on that because you're here
Like random. Yeah, like plugins do have installed. I guess it was like a plugin thing, maybe. It started doing it after the last update I did. So that's why I'm thinking it's chrome. It just comes get a bug. Yeah. So I guess I could, you know, start working on that because you're here So I have someone to talk to you. I don't have to. I was very weird when I'm streaming by myself. I'm like, I'm just going to talk. Sorry, I'm late by the way. I'm not even worried about that. I'm not even worried about that. It's more just like. It's awkward
So I have someone to talk to you. I don't have to. I was very weird when I'm streaming by myself. I'm like, I'm just going to talk. Sorry, I'm late by the way. I'm not even worried about that. I'm not even worried about that. It's more just like. It's awkward It's awkward. It's more like because I am going to at least like once a week. I'm going to start streaming by myself learning how to like set up all these database types and. Word data infrastructure stuff. But I'm like, what do I do when I'm just talking to myself? Yeah. This is cool. Yeah. Yeah
It's awkward. It's more like because I am going to at least like once a week. I'm going to start streaming by myself learning how to like set up all these database types and. Word data infrastructure stuff. But I'm like, what do I do when I'm just talking to myself? Yeah. This is cool. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. We're going to. I guess I can't really quit chrome because then it will boot us from our stream. I feel like I'm logged in now or is that not? Oh, yeah, you are. That's true. I don't know. I don't know. I think you're good. I think you're good. I think you're good
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. We're going to. I guess I can't really quit chrome because then it will boot us from our stream. I feel like I'm logged in now or is that not? Oh, yeah, you are. That's true. I don't know. I don't know. I think you're good. I think you're good. I think you're good I think you're good. I think you're good. I think you're good. I think you're good. I think you're good. I think you're good. Yeah. Let me see. Let me look into getting Firefox really quick. And then I will switch over. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
I think you're good. I think you're good. I think you're good. I think you're good. I think you're good. I think you're good. Yeah. Let me see. Let me look into getting Firefox really quick. And then I will switch over. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Can you give me like a one minute warning before you jump off here? I'm just trying to get a. Let's read out real quick with the touch link. That's smart. I'm not always. I haven't been great about. Posting when I'm live. Yeah. Yeah. This is re-bugs. I just got one. Okay. Firefox
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Can you give me like a one minute warning before you jump off here? I'm just trying to get a. Let's read out real quick with the touch link. That's smart. I'm not always. I haven't been great about. Posting when I'm live. Yeah. Yeah. This is re-bugs. I just got one. Okay. Firefox Okay. Firefox. Yay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I'm going to have to like remember how to log into things now. Okay. I'm going to troubleshoot from all the above because at least I have two factor right now. What? My computer is doing the weirdest shit. Yeah
Okay. Firefox. Yay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I'm going to have to like remember how to log into things now. Okay. I'm going to troubleshoot from all the above because at least I have two factor right now. What? My computer is doing the weirdest shit. Yeah Yeah. Mine's being really slow too. I don't know if that's my computer at this point or just Twitter. I think that his Twitter has been getting worse and worse. That was. That was. I just wanted to come back. I literally can't even draft a quote to it right now. Oh damn. I hate when that happens
Yeah. Mine's being really slow too. I don't know if that's my computer at this point or just Twitter. I think that his Twitter has been getting worse and worse. That was. That was. I just wanted to come back. I literally can't even draft a quote to it right now. Oh damn. I hate when that happens Or there was like one point where you couldn't even like reply to people. It put it to drafts or like there's been so many issues. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my god. This is string yard. I really should get on master not on what like I don't want to put that effort in. Oh shoot
Or there was like one point where you couldn't even like reply to people. It put it to drafts or like there's been so many issues. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my god. This is string yard. I really should get on master not on what like I don't want to put that effort in. Oh shoot Oh shoot. You know what happened today? We won the. We won some day. That's nonprofit in Scandinavia. We won. I know. It's. Yeah
Oh shoot. You know what happened today? We won the. We won some day. That's nonprofit in Scandinavia. We won. I know. It's. Yeah I know. It's. Yeah. It was definitely one of those like some group made up their own awards and then like we can pay them 350 for a trophy or like five grand to be featured in their magazine or something. I mean, I know they do. But I will
I know. It's. Yeah. It was definitely one of those like some group made up their own awards and then like we can pay them 350 for a trophy or like five grand to be featured in their magazine or something. I mean, I know they do. But I will But I will. I will take the like best you know nonprofit and Scandinavia and slap that on a resume. Congratulations, Jen. Thanks for volunteering with the the best nonprofit in Scandinavia 2023. Yay. Oh my gosh. I met with western today. I met with a lot of human. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely
But I will. I will take the like best you know nonprofit and Scandinavia and slap that on a resume. Congratulations, Jen. Thanks for volunteering with the the best nonprofit in Scandinavia 2023. Yay. Oh my gosh. I met with western today. I met with a lot of human. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely Yeah. Absolutely. Is it a cool human? Really cool dude right? Yes. Yeah. So just for everyone watching western is our. Head of projects and administration
Yeah. Absolutely. Is it a cool human? Really cool dude right? Yes. Yeah. So just for everyone watching western is our. Head of projects and administration So he's worked on a whole bunch of stuff from a lot of the content that we're working on getting up with our generic pages kind of helping create issues to. kind of rounding up our different projects and also making it easier to get, you know, kind of different types of contributors on board
So he's worked on a whole bunch of stuff from a lot of the content that we're working on getting up with our generic pages kind of helping create issues to. kind of rounding up our different projects and also making it easier to get, you know, kind of different types of contributors on board It kind of laid the groundwork for something like Gens dev champions program and most recently it's been working with me on our 2023 strategy and kind of shifting that over to more of a formally defined vision, you know, with like kind of goals, objectives and things
It kind of laid the groundwork for something like Gens dev champions program and most recently it's been working with me on our 2023 strategy and kind of shifting that over to more of a formally defined vision, you know, with like kind of goals, objectives and things So yeah, no, what do you think? What do you all talk about
So yeah, no, what do you think? What do you all talk about That he was recently in Arizona and I'm from Arizona and that so we're going to meet next to week because I told him I was like, I need help like building some structure to this but somebody that understands Taylor because like going in like building structure for something but like trying to be like, okay, Taylor is very big picture
That he was recently in Arizona and I'm from Arizona and that so we're going to meet next to week because I told him I was like, I need help like building some structure to this but somebody that understands Taylor because like going in like building structure for something but like trying to be like, okay, Taylor is very big picture How do I break this down? Doesn't always translate to everybody because like him understanding your vision too
How do I break this down? Doesn't always translate to everybody because like him understanding your vision too I'm very excited about this because I think even like a one hour session with him, which we'll do offline, will be really, really helpful and give us more of a timeframe guideline because I know that it's going to take a lot of work but it's been just figuring that kind of stuff out
I'm very excited about this because I think even like a one hour session with him, which we'll do offline, will be really, really helpful and give us more of a timeframe guideline because I know that it's going to take a lot of work but it's been just figuring that kind of stuff out So I'm really excited because I'm like, nobody else is really going to understand how to break down Taylorisms. That's kind of what I called it is with Taylorism. That's good. Yeah, Western's pretty good
So I'm really excited because I'm like, nobody else is really going to understand how to break down Taylorisms. That's kind of what I called it is with Taylorism. That's good. Yeah, Western's pretty good There's definitely something like, I feel like Western, Nicole and Sarano for sure, but like they, you know, they get to deal with like a full Taylor, you know? Yeah, yeah. And he also mentioned that it could be good for me to join one of the coffee team meeting things on Wednesday
There's definitely something like, I feel like Western, Nicole and Sarano for sure, but like they, you know, they get to deal with like a full Taylor, you know? Yeah, yeah. And he also mentioned that it could be good for me to join one of the coffee team meeting things on Wednesday Yeah, please come hang out at team time sometime. You and Ramon and everyone else is kind of regularly involved is invited
Yeah, please come hang out at team time sometime. You and Ramon and everyone else is kind of regularly involved is invited It's something I think of most of the like full-time folks do every week, but we're where we have like adding a bunch of meetings to everyone's calendar, but anytime you want to join, I think it's at 10.30 on Fridays
It's something I think of most of the like full-time folks do every week, but we're where we have like adding a bunch of meetings to everyone's calendar, but anytime you want to join, I think it's at 10.30 on Fridays30 on Fridays. Yeah, I probably don't look at that, but I haven't yet because we met and then I was like, I'm good at setting up my new devices. Then God distracted. So I have to do, I have to, I have to install a new operating system at some point. I've been delaying it for about a year
30 on Fridays. Yeah, I probably don't look at that, but I haven't yet because we met and then I was like, I'm good at setting up my new devices. Then God distracted. So I have to do, I have to, I have to install a new operating system at some point. I've been delaying it for about a year It's on elementary LS, right? But I made my like, the Linux like kind of core file, you know, that like partitioned too small. Actually, I only made it 25 gigabytes, which was dumb. So I need to like reformat my drive. And then I want to move over to Ubuntu because elementary OS is lagging behind
It's on elementary LS, right? But I made my like, the Linux like kind of core file, you know, that like partitioned too small. Actually, I only made it 25 gigabytes, which was dumb. So I need to like reformat my drive. And then I want to move over to Ubuntu because elementary OS is lagging behind It's still on like Ubuntu. It's based off of Ubuntu 18. And like now I think there's like 20 and the latest and greatest even going to be 21 or something like that. And that's a problem. Usually, I wouldn't care, right? Like whatever
It's still on like Ubuntu. It's based off of Ubuntu 18. And like now I think there's like 20 and the latest and greatest even going to be 21 or something like that. And that's a problem. Usually, I wouldn't care, right? Like whatever I'm a generation behind on, you know, when X that's fine, except I can't upgrade node, which means I can't upgrade Gatsby on our landing site project because Ubuntu 18 doesn't support node 14
I'm a generation behind on, you know, when X that's fine, except I can't upgrade node, which means I can't upgrade Gatsby on our landing site project because Ubuntu 18 doesn't support node 14 So like, oh, fuck, like my dependency tree is like forcing this thing that I put off for a whole year, which is going to like, it's all past creating of work I've procrastinated on, right? It's not just the OS, it's the hard drive reformat. It's not just that
So like, oh, fuck, like my dependency tree is like forcing this thing that I put off for a whole year, which is going to like, it's all past creating of work I've procrastinated on, right? It's not just the OS, it's the hard drive reformat. It's not just that It's not just that. I want to, as you're mentioning this, I want to boot camp my Mac to go to Windows as well. And I don't know if I would have enough space to also do my next. If I'm doing one, I might as well do the other at the same time as what I'm thinking
It's not just that. I want to, as you're mentioning this, I want to boot camp my Mac to go to Windows as well. And I don't know if I would have enough space to also do my next. If I'm doing one, I might as well do the other at the same time as what I'm thinking True, but like Mac is already like kind of Linuxy, you know? Yeah, that's why I'm like, like I think like Mac Windows or like Linux and Windows makes the most sense
True, but like Mac is already like kind of Linuxy, you know? Yeah, that's why I'm like, like I think like Mac Windows or like Linux and Windows makes the most sense Unless you like really need a specific Linux operating system for some like work projects, but even then like, we all have like virtual machines now, you know? Yeah
Unless you like really need a specific Linux operating system for some like work projects, but even then like, we all have like virtual machines now, you know? Yeah And that's something that I was actually talking about for my work projects of am I going to need to do like tutorials on Linux? And I was like, I think doing it on Mac and Windows is good because there's a very, very small amount. If we see that change, yes. But for now, no. Yeah
And that's something that I was actually talking about for my work projects of am I going to need to do like tutorials on Linux? And I was like, I think doing it on Mac and Windows is good because there's a very, very small amount. If we see that change, yes. But for now, no. Yeah Yeah. So maybe, maybe one day, maybe one day. Maybe one day. But the only reason I'm like installing Windows is so I can play a game, which is very silly. Oh, dude, I missed that. I can't access half my Steam library because I've been playing the game on Linux. Yeah. Yeah
Yeah. So maybe, maybe one day, maybe one day. Maybe one day. But the only reason I'm like installing Windows is so I can play a game, which is very silly. Oh, dude, I missed that. I can't access half my Steam library because I've been playing the game on Linux. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. I am currently obsessed with a Genshin impact. I guess I've heard of that a lot. There's like one of my favorite sites, Girl Pass. Yeah. So I can lay it on my phone, which is cool. But it's like, I feel like I need to detach it from my phone because I'm a little too attached to it
Yeah. Yeah. I am currently obsessed with a Genshin impact. I guess I've heard of that a lot. There's like one of my favorite sites, Girl Pass. Yeah. So I can lay it on my phone, which is cool. But it's like, I feel like I need to detach it from my phone because I'm a little too attached to it Yeah. That's fair. That's fair. I'm wondering why like having like an Xbox or something back in the day was like, yeah. Here's the gaming thing. You use it when you're gaming
Yeah. That's fair. That's fair. I'm wondering why like having like an Xbox or something back in the day was like, yeah. Here's the gaming thing. You use it when you're gaming You know, now that I'm on a laptop, it's like easy to like do a few hours already be like, oh, I could be like a quick round of counter strike or something, you know? Like all right there. I'm like, no, I'm in the office right now
You know, now that I'm on a laptop, it's like easy to like do a few hours already be like, oh, I could be like a quick round of counter strike or something, you know? Like all right there. I'm like, no, I'm in the office right now Tyler, my partner, he just got a new laptop and the first thing he did was download counter strike. Yeah. I'm going to get to go too. So exciting. I will not be able to play that on my laptop. So sad. So I was all my D&D friends
Tyler, my partner, he just got a new laptop and the first thing he did was download counter strike. Yeah. I'm going to get to go too. So exciting. I will not be able to play that on my laptop. So sad. So I was all my D&D friends They all play Apex and I'm like, so my first thing was like, I was like, do you should download Apex and play with my D&D friends? And he was like, no. That's weird. No. Hey, my child. Oh, this is interesting. So I'm happy to keep sharing on my stuff. I don't know if you want to do your stuff
They all play Apex and I'm like, so my first thing was like, I was like, do you should download Apex and play with my D&D friends? And he was like, no. That's weird. No. Hey, my child. Oh, this is interesting. So I'm happy to keep sharing on my stuff. I don't know if you want to do your stuff I don't know what screen this is. Oh, my, let me get a get pod rooted up here. Either way, Twitter is definitely like not working for me. Let's see if you get pod or Xer5 to like restart or something. I don't know. I kind of feel like a lot of things are not working just in general
I don't know what screen this is. Oh, my, let me get a get pod rooted up here. Either way, Twitter is definitely like not working for me. Let's see if you get pod or Xer5 to like restart or something. I don't know. I kind of feel like a lot of things are not working just in general Just things are broken today, which is fine. Yeah. It kind of makes sense though. That whole banking crisis for all the startups happen. Like, I don't know. Does the internet just going to like slowly shut down? Right. One can dream, right? Like, exactly
Just things are broken today, which is fine. Yeah. It kind of makes sense though. That whole banking crisis for all the startups happen. Like, I don't know. Does the internet just going to like slowly shut down? Right. One can dream, right? Like, exactly I feel like every developer has got their like, oh, if the internet like no longer exists, what do I do? I was like, I know too many devs that have like left coding and like, started a bakery or gone into woodworking or something like that. I didn't like it. I like the schools over here
I feel like every developer has got their like, oh, if the internet like no longer exists, what do I do? I was like, I know too many devs that have like left coding and like, started a bakery or gone into woodworking or something like that. I didn't like it. I like the schools over here Yay! We have a gazillion interception needs stuff. Can you see if I get up now? Yeah. Thank you. I feel like this is something that I love about co-working is you can just be working on the stuff you need to work on. Like, you don't have to 100% focus on everything else
Yay! We have a gazillion interception needs stuff. Can you see if I get up now? Yeah. Thank you. I feel like this is something that I love about co-working is you can just be working on the stuff you need to work on. Like, you don't have to 100% focus on everything else And with body doubling, like, and being able to do this, I get more done. Yeah. So. Yeah. No, that's for sure. I like the stream co-working format though because it's like, I feel like I'm more likely to make it because there's an audience. Like, I do like that
And with body doubling, like, and being able to do this, I get more done. Yeah. So. Yeah. No, that's for sure. I like the stream co-working format though because it's like, I feel like I'm more likely to make it because there's an audience. Like, I do like that Like, minor performance aspect of it, right? Yeah. Oh, like, I'm hanging out co-working with Jen, but also like, you know, like doing that to engage folks like whoever wants to happen. Know what's going on with DATS week, right? Oh my gosh, everyone, you must be so fun. Yeah, yeah, definitely
Like, minor performance aspect of it, right? Yeah. Oh, like, I'm hanging out co-working with Jen, but also like, you know, like doing that to engage folks like whoever wants to happen. Know what's going on with DATS week, right? Oh my gosh, everyone, you must be so fun. Yeah, yeah, definitely What are you working on this week? I'm working on generic pages. We're trying to get images in there. So just kind of like, it's already set up on the content management system. So I just got to like get that hold in the Gatsby the right way. That reminds me
What are you working on this week? I'm working on generic pages. We're trying to get images in there. So just kind of like, it's already set up on the content management system. So I just got to like get that hold in the Gatsby the right way. That reminds me That reminds me. What content management system are you using? We're using forestry, but it's about to reach its end of life and we need to upgrade to Tina. So you can check out at Tina.io. Tina, actually, we're using contentful. Yeah, we started with contentful
That reminds me. What content management system are you using? We're using forestry, but it's about to reach its end of life and we need to upgrade to Tina. So you can check out at Tina.io. Tina, actually, we're using contentful. Yeah, we started with contentful I liked it from like content management side, but it definitely had a very enterprisey feel and we ended up with forestry because it was one of the few Git-based CMSs where it actually like checks in our content in to get
I liked it from like content management side, but it definitely had a very enterprisey feel and we ended up with forestry because it was one of the few Git-based CMSs where it actually like checks in our content in to get So it's right there in the repository, whereas like contentful and other things, it's like an external, you know, they host your content database on their servers, right? And then you get a lot of download that. We just meant for it made a much slower dev experience
So it's right there in the repository, whereas like contentful and other things, it's like an external, you know, they host your content database on their servers, right? And then you get a lot of download that. We just meant for it made a much slower dev experience But yeah, what are you going to say about contentful
But yeah, what are you going to say about contentful So when Jason from Learn With Jason, Ling Dorf was on the show, he was talking about on his show because he streams and does, you know, has a bunch of guests too, that he uses something like contentful that makes a workflow where it auto generates his images for him
So when Jason from Learn With Jason, Ling Dorf was on the show, he was talking about on his show because he streams and does, you know, has a bunch of guests too, that he uses something like contentful that makes a workflow where it auto generates his images for him Oh, yeah. I was like, I need to do that because between my two shows, I'm never going to get caught up if all of this stuff is still manual. So I think my hardest thing is I don't know what can actually be a process and what can't. So I'm like, um, slowly working through all of that. Yeah, totally
Oh, yeah. I was like, I need to do that because between my two shows, I'm never going to get caught up if all of this stuff is still manual. So I think my hardest thing is I don't know what can actually be a process and what can't. So I'm like, um, slowly working through all of that. Yeah, totally Yeah, totally. So that's really interesting. I feel like that's not contentful specific, like that's the content management. And they might have some like, you know, kind of unique functionality built in around that
Yeah, totally. So that's really interesting. I feel like that's not contentful specific, like that's the content management. And they might have some like, you know, kind of unique functionality built in around that But to me, that sounds like, you know, just using static site rendering technology, which is like what we're using with the landing site with Gatsby, for example, and just having, you know, a workflow, you know, how it like generates your HTML, it like generates your, you're kind of like, uh, react pages for your site, it like it also generate images, you know, and you just like, oh, like, new week, you know, like, let me update the date and kind of confirm the events and, you know, commit that
But to me, that sounds like, you know, just using static site rendering technology, which is like what we're using with the landing site with Gatsby, for example, and just having, you know, a workflow, you know, how it like generates your HTML, it like generates your, you're kind of like, uh, react pages for your site, it like it also generate images, you know, and you just like, oh, like, new week, you know, like, let me update the date and kind of confirm the events and, you know, commit that And then it would build the images that you use, you know, for your tweets and stuff like that. But it's really interesting
And then it would build the images that you use, you know, for your tweets and stuff like that. But it's really interesting You mentioned that because I feel like I want to get to a point, probably at some point this year where we can generate social media posts using, using our landing site, because we'll be pulling in shipping data from our shipping data pipeline
You mentioned that because I feel like I want to get to a point, probably at some point this year where we can generate social media posts using, using our landing site, because we'll be pulling in shipping data from our shipping data pipeline And then we can use that, you know, maybe we also have to like add some stuff to the content management, you know, system like upload the photos or partner send us or something, but you can use that to like, generate the post and save our admin team a bunch of time
And then we can use that, you know, maybe we also have to like add some stuff to the content management, you know, system like upload the photos or partner send us or something, but you can use that to like, generate the post and save our admin team a bunch of time Oh, um, can everyone see me? I'm just gonna bump the font size up a little bit there. Oh, yeah. I can see it better now. Thank you. Totally. As always, if you all can't see, just say something. So you might have like talked through as I'm going to do it
Oh, um, can everyone see me? I'm just gonna bump the font size up a little bit there. Oh, yeah. I can see it better now. Thank you. Totally. As always, if you all can't see, just say something. So you might have like talked through as I'm going to do it Like you can keep chit chatting, you know, but just if folks want to follow along with the live coding, like it's kind of natural for me, yes. Okay. So we're working on importing this image with caption, kind of data objects in through generic pages. So we got our content blocks here
Like you can keep chit chatting, you know, but just if folks want to follow along with the live coding, like it's kind of natural for me, yes. Okay. So we're working on importing this image with caption, kind of data objects in through generic pages. So we got our content blocks here And we're getting this issue around dates. So I've added the orderly text. Here we go, image. So let's say date non object does not match expected type. Okay. So up here, we define the schema. We're saying that date uploaded is going to be a date date is going to be a date
And we're getting this issue around dates. So I've added the orderly text. Here we go, image. So let's say date non object does not match expected type. Okay. So up here, we define the schema. We're saying that date uploaded is going to be a date date is going to be a date They're saying property date. It's going to be now. I say. It's basically optional. So it could be. One of we solve this with like an or undefined. We get the property. Does not match expected type. So what's happening here? We got these details
They're saying property date. It's going to be now. I say. It's basically optional. So it could be. One of we solve this with like an or undefined. We get the property. Does not match expected type. So what's happening here? We got these details Passing in null, so we're saying like, hey, go get me this date property. Right. And that's the saying. Make sure push the latest. That looks like to have. Get property. It's an instance of date. Maybe three. Yes. actually gonna start Let's try that out. If other errors. You had date upload in
Passing in null, so we're saying like, hey, go get me this date property. Right. And that's the saying. Make sure push the latest. That looks like to have. Get property. It's an instance of date. Maybe three. Yes. actually gonna start Let's try that out. If other errors. You had date upload in Does not match expected type. I think it's an issue. Where date upload is a string. So the actually one is to get. When wrong. 13 degree fracture. I. And then what is that. It's probably a. But. No, no, in property. Right. I'll basically say get the string property, make the date
Does not match expected type. I think it's an issue. Where date upload is a string. So the actually one is to get. When wrong. 13 degree fracture. I. And then what is that. It's probably a. But. No, no, in property. Right. I'll basically say get the string property, make the date Now what happens if the date is like a date that is like a date, like hey, here's the date for a dollar, here's the date for some malformed date string or something. Not a number. Right, it didn't validate. Like an is man, okay, that's an is man check. So, right. Um, date
Now what happens if the date is like a date that is like a date, like hey, here's the date for a dollar, here's the date for some malformed date string or something. Not a number. Right, it didn't validate. Like an is man, okay, that's an is man check. So, right. Um, date Um, date. Right, so I'm going to throw an error here. Basically, if we have like an all date or something. And we should probably test that for one. Read. add one more to this here. Let's go run our test real quick. I'm sorry. That's running. Almost done. I'm falling asleep
Um, date. Right, so I'm going to throw an error here. Basically, if we have like an all date or something. And we should probably test that for one. Read. add one more to this here. Let's go run our test real quick. I'm sorry. That's running. Almost done. I'm falling asleep I'm falling asleep. I'm reading this because I'm so tired from the concert last time. Nice. I'm happy to show you here shortly. I'm so excited to get my hair done. I'm so excited to get my hair done. I'm grateful that somebody decided to get my hair out because I was hard to get my hair done
I'm falling asleep. I'm reading this because I'm so tired from the concert last time. Nice. I'm happy to show you here shortly. I'm so excited to get my hair done. I'm so excited to get my hair done. I'm grateful that somebody decided to get my hair out because I was hard to get my hair done It's not color coordinated. I'm happy to show you the work flow that was not there for anyone to get my hair done. I'm sorry. Sweet. Maybe the work is on. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you
It's not color coordinated. I'm happy to show you the work flow that was not there for anyone to get my hair done. I'm sorry. Sweet. Maybe the work is on. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you
I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you I'm so excited to see you. I can't see myself. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I have a bunch of undefined. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you
I'm so excited to see you. I can't see myself. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I have a bunch of undefined. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha. I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha
I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so excited to see you. I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha. I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha. I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha. I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha. I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha
I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha. I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha. I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha. I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha. I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha. I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha. I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha
I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha. I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha. I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha. I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha. I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha. I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha. I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha
I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha. I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha. I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha. I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha. I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha. I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha. I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha
I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha. I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha. I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha. I've been explaining typescript to people as the barista of your mocha We don't have to change this guy any. We don't have to change this guy any. We don't have to change this guy any. We don't have to change this guy any. We don't have to change this guy any. We don't have to change this guy any. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay
We don't have to change this guy any. We don't have to change this guy any. We don't have to change this guy any. We don't have to change this guy any. We don't have to change this guy any. We don't have to change this guy any. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay Okay. Okay. Okay. Well, we are definitely getting through this stuff. Yeah, I'm feeling good. I think I've almost figured out this like bug around these dates that have been stuck on almost. I am literally struggling. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Almost there. Just run into a statement
Okay. Okay. Okay. Well, we are definitely getting through this stuff. Yeah, I'm feeling good. I think I've almost figured out this like bug around these dates that have been stuck on almost. I am literally struggling. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Almost there. Just run into a statement You're good. Okay. Okay. I will go to a mess screen. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.
You're good. Okay. Okay. I will go to a mess screen. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.