Yay! Apparently, setting up the second camera because I was like, oh, do I want my normal camera? Or like my background? And yeah, there were like two voices or just two, like yeah, like like, like there's like different sides. It's crazy. But when I was like, no, I don't want to do that side I don't want to do the side. The one in front of me. And yeah, I guess I'm just really for all those non-makeupy first people. I'm still going to show you. Because like, this is a perfect, uh, okay. Now we'll try this camera. Okay. It's called Gemini. And I'm a Gemini
I don't want to do the side. The one in front of me. And yeah, I guess I'm just really for all those non-makeupy first people. I'm still going to show you. Because like, this is a perfect, uh, okay. Now we'll try this camera. Okay. It's called Gemini. And I'm a Gemini And I'm a Gemini. So having the, the two on here isn't that just kind of fun. It's like, there's two of me. And I'm a Gemini. Uh, okay. Yes. Thank you for the call out. And I'm happy they're sound now. They're sound. They're sound. Yes. Thank you. I wonder like. That is so funny
And I'm a Gemini. So having the, the two on here isn't that just kind of fun. It's like, there's two of me. And I'm a Gemini. Uh, okay. Yes. Thank you for the call out. And I'm happy they're sound now. They're sound. They're sound. Yes. Thank you. I wonder like. That is so funny That is so funny. I'm really glad that you joined and said something, Josh, because I've been streaming for like 30 minutes. So it's always good to check on your friends and see if they have audio when they're streaming, even if you can't hang out the entire time. So yeah, okay
That is so funny. I'm really glad that you joined and said something, Josh, because I've been streaming for like 30 minutes. So it's always good to check on your friends and see if they have audio when they're streaming, even if you can't hang out the entire time. So yeah, okay So yeah, okay. Well, as a quick recap for everybody, but also for myself. So I can go back and look at this. Um, and Josh, this is exciting. I'll, I'll show you Josh because we can use this for our stream later this week of. So over here that my doctor is blocking is I have my iPad connected. And
So yeah, okay. Well, as a quick recap for everybody, but also for myself. So I can go back and look at this. Um, and Josh, this is exciting. I'll, I'll show you Josh because we can use this for our stream later this week of. So over here that my doctor is blocking is I have my iPad connected. And And. And the book. And. Okay. I'm trying to just go to like. Like this page. And then I can zoom in all the way about just the part I'm talking about. And like, let's say. I want to go to certain page. We'll just scroll down here. Like I can, uh, favorite these chapters, which I should probably do
And. And the book. And. Okay. I'm trying to just go to like. Like this page. And then I can zoom in all the way about just the part I'm talking about. And like, let's say. I want to go to certain page. We'll just scroll down here. Like I can, uh, favorite these chapters, which I should probably do But. That's chapter two. That's fine. But then I can hit my little pencil and be like. Having. And then circle these to you. Not really. Used. Maybe used. And you. Used. Yeah. Dude, streaming is hard. Like I have a lot of work to do. But I am so excited about having the tablet to show my notes
But. That's chapter two. That's fine. But then I can hit my little pencil and be like. Having. And then circle these to you. Not really. Used. Maybe used. And you. Used. Yeah. Dude, streaming is hard. Like I have a lot of work to do. But I am so excited about having the tablet to show my notes Like this is a very, I feel like. I'm very excited about it. And then. That's. Right. Who shows people the type of notes that I. I take. Um, and the really, really cool thing is, is it like, let's say. I have to like, copy my notes over. But like, let's say
Like this is a very, I feel like. I'm very excited about it. And then. That's. Right. Who shows people the type of notes that I. I take. Um, and the really, really cool thing is, is it like, let's say. I have to like, copy my notes over. But like, let's say But it's in my handwriting and that may be really hard to read because you know I can type it out, but what I've found that's faster No, I didn't get it off there we go we can go in and we can convert it to text And then it converts to text and then I can say convert it and It does the font I want I can style it and I can make the font really big or really small Okay, I'm not really excited about this with y'all here This is what I'm like so excited about streaming now is having a tablet to do this But anyway, thanks for the Side note of being able to show you that I can write on your book digitally instead of physically Because yeah, that's how I write notes and now I can share them Okay, well anyway, really in postgres and my postgres free stream stuff is Earlier on in stream I shared a bunch of tags for people Because Trevor was on the show earlier it was super fun This was back in like October
But it's in my handwriting and that may be really hard to read because you know I can type it out, but what I've found that's faster No, I didn't get it off there we go we can go in and we can convert it to text And then it converts to text and then I can say convert it and It does the font I want I can style it and I can make the font really big or really small Okay, I'm not really excited about this with y'all here This is what I'm like so excited about streaming now is having a tablet to do this But anyway, thanks for the Side note of being able to show you that I can write on your book digitally instead of physically Because yeah, that's how I write notes and now I can share them Okay, well anyway, really in postgres and my postgres free stream stuff is Earlier on in stream I shared a bunch of tags for people Because Trevor was on the show earlier it was super fun This was back in like October Oh my gosh you guys I've been streaming for almost a year This is mind blowing and then I'm so excited that you're streaming again. I saw a little bit of it
Oh my gosh you guys I've been streaming for almost a year This is mind blowing and then I'm so excited that you're streaming again. I saw a little bit of it Yes, do you
Yes, do you Yesterday was a rough day, so I just didn't really do much yesterday, but I liked how Is talking about was it typography with multiple languages and I was like dude, this is actually really cool, but I did not have the bandwidth I And anybody else I'm just like curious for all streamers or those in like the tech field Anyone else struggle with the fact that like hey, I'm going to like Do all this tech stuff it be cool to do like some listen and some podcast podcasts and continue learning them that I'm like Nah, bro
Yesterday was a rough day, so I just didn't really do much yesterday, but I liked how Is talking about was it typography with multiple languages and I was like dude, this is actually really cool, but I did not have the bandwidth I And anybody else I'm just like curious for all streamers or those in like the tech field Anyone else struggle with the fact that like hey, I'm going to like Do all this tech stuff it be cool to do like some listen and some podcast podcasts and continue learning them that I'm like Nah, bro I cannot can just like consume anymore. I need to like just listen to The secret room which just tells a bunch of people secrets or Other random podcasts to keep my mind off of it Yes, oh, I'm back. Oh, then I have news for you. Do oh my gosh. Oh my gosh
I cannot can just like consume anymore. I need to like just listen to The secret room which just tells a bunch of people secrets or Other random podcasts to keep my mind off of it Yes, oh, I'm back. Oh, then I have news for you. Do oh my gosh. Oh my gosh Then Yo, I used Show my dot chat in OBS I got a little overwhelmed with OBS and trying to use all this so today I just Used dream yard because it was easier, but I do have it set up So if you go check out postgres one I am using show my dot chat and anyone that streams should use show my dot chat So you see the chat in the window and I'm so glad you guys came today because I Would have forgotten to tell you all this stuff that I was excited about to tell you and see I am I'm just pulling up this video to show y'all Not I Won't show like the entire video because last week was a lot of me Super struggle blessing Because I didn't even know where to start
Then Yo, I used Show my dot chat in OBS I got a little overwhelmed with OBS and trying to use all this so today I just Used dream yard because it was easier, but I do have it set up So if you go check out postgres one I am using show my dot chat and anyone that streams should use show my dot chat So you see the chat in the window and I'm so glad you guys came today because I Would have forgotten to tell you all this stuff that I was excited about to tell you and see I am I'm just pulling up this video to show y'all Not I Won't show like the entire video because last week was a lot of me Super struggle blessing Because I didn't even know where to start Oh, this is one of the best Hearts about being a streamer is when you freeze frame yourself up in those awkward things It's real it is real and you kind of just get over it because it's gonna happen But this little box right here is In any is Show my dot chat Yeah, so this is the first one I went with I really liked it But I couldn't figure out the spacing and for some reason the spacing being right next to the edge who's driving me insane so if I go Back to my channel and we give it videos and And then I used it day two Maybe I thought it did oh yeah, there we go I Used a different one because I thought the spacing was a little better I don't think anybody actually stayed around chat much there we go So I like this one a bit only because the spacing wasn't driving me insane Okay, cool, like y'all go use show my dot chat because it is so fun and really easy to set up So these are my examples okay enough with enough with the YouTube's and Getting excited because I Haven't talked to you guys in a while and yeah You support your friends, but they don't always know you're supporting your friends If you don't tell them because they may not see it, which is okay Anyway, so I am shooting my iPad taking notes super cool What I have previously streamed with Trevor a Sullivan who works for a company called CBT nuggets Which does streaming or learning and a bunch of trainings and he came on this stream and taught me about like the differences between or like a high level review of Kubernetes doctor doctor and Power show I really sent it It's still pretty confusing, but one thing that He was saying at the end of it back in October mind you Was you kind of have to do it kind of just have to go set it up and I never did because I never really had a use case And that was actually something that I was talking about when I was on stream with him until today and Today, I have a reason to go set up Docker so before the stream I also signed up for a free Docker account and To do all of this I realized With my audio not on I went to Pull this command and I didn't have it a Docker It didn't know what Docker was Which is totally fair So I was like oh, okay, we probably have to go and sell it and I installed it with the Apple chip because Work computer has an M1 Which is exciting and this is basically where we got to of clicking through stuff That's when I best that is just randomly clicking shit and Seeing where I can figure things out to get there So that is a very quick update since the first 25 minutes of my stream had no audio and Yeah I'm gonna stop this with definitely
Oh, this is one of the best Hearts about being a streamer is when you freeze frame yourself up in those awkward things It's real it is real and you kind of just get over it because it's gonna happen But this little box right here is In any is Show my dot chat Yeah, so this is the first one I went with I really liked it But I couldn't figure out the spacing and for some reason the spacing being right next to the edge who's driving me insane so if I go Back to my channel and we give it videos and And then I used it day two Maybe I thought it did oh yeah, there we go I Used a different one because I thought the spacing was a little better I don't think anybody actually stayed around chat much there we go So I like this one a bit only because the spacing wasn't driving me insane Okay, cool, like y'all go use show my dot chat because it is so fun and really easy to set up So these are my examples okay enough with enough with the YouTube's and Getting excited because I Haven't talked to you guys in a while and yeah You support your friends, but they don't always know you're supporting your friends If you don't tell them because they may not see it, which is okay Anyway, so I am shooting my iPad taking notes super cool What I have previously streamed with Trevor a Sullivan who works for a company called CBT nuggets Which does streaming or learning and a bunch of trainings and he came on this stream and taught me about like the differences between or like a high level review of Kubernetes doctor doctor and Power show I really sent it It's still pretty confusing, but one thing that He was saying at the end of it back in October mind you Was you kind of have to do it kind of just have to go set it up and I never did because I never really had a use case And that was actually something that I was talking about when I was on stream with him until today and Today, I have a reason to go set up Docker so before the stream I also signed up for a free Docker account and To do all of this I realized With my audio not on I went to Pull this command and I didn't have it a Docker It didn't know what Docker was Which is totally fair So I was like oh, okay, we probably have to go and sell it and I installed it with the Apple chip because Work computer has an M1 Which is exciting and this is basically where we got to of clicking through stuff That's when I best that is just randomly clicking shit and Seeing where I can figure things out to get there So that is a very quick update since the first 25 minutes of my stream had no audio and Yeah I'm gonna stop this with definitely I don't really need Those to be there and Yeah Just gonna say this is something that looks really really scary like TypeScript used to in now typescript is starting to make sense but Yeah I don't know if I love it or hate it yet Like it's starting to make so much more sense with typescript you're there on Friday when I tried to explain it Which was interesting that was such a fun stream for those who are curious Somehow we don't like ten people on stream while I was like learning code Okay, I wasn't learning code
I don't really need Those to be there and Yeah Just gonna say this is something that looks really really scary like TypeScript used to in now typescript is starting to make sense but Yeah I don't know if I love it or hate it yet Like it's starting to make so much more sense with typescript you're there on Friday when I tried to explain it Which was interesting that was such a fun stream for those who are curious Somehow we don't like ten people on stream while I was like learning code Okay, I wasn't learning code I was live coding and fixing things in my website trying to get it out and ready So okay if we have a repo here we are gonna play the repo New game Screens Here and again, I am doing what you're not supposed to do and probably drives Josh more than anyone insane and I say it that way because Josh you wrote a book on how to do things and Yeah, I still just kind of click things Tip you can push a new image to this repo using the CLI Okay Make sure to change the tag name to your desired repo Okay To push a new text in the repo then I Saw in the set up that it had a CLI in here Okay, that is not where I wanted to click exit How do you think it's volume I'm just gonna go here
I was live coding and fixing things in my website trying to get it out and ready So okay if we have a repo here we are gonna play the repo New game Screens Here and again, I am doing what you're not supposed to do and probably drives Josh more than anyone insane and I say it that way because Josh you wrote a book on how to do things and Yeah, I still just kind of click things Tip you can push a new image to this repo using the CLI Okay Make sure to change the tag name to your desired repo Okay To push a new text in the repo then I Saw in the set up that it had a CLI in here Okay, that is not where I wanted to click exit How do you think it's volume I'm just gonna go here Let's go here. Let's hit paste and we're gonna Rename it. Oh, I'm gonna scroll all the way back It helps if I have it all on the same And I realized by me doing this it might be trying to just redo what I just created That's what it's gonna do
Let's go here. Let's hit paste and we're gonna Rename it. Oh, I'm gonna scroll all the way back It helps if I have it all on the same And I realized by me doing this it might be trying to just redo what I just created That's what it's gonna do That's what I'm gonna work Enter And Image does not exist locally with a tag new repo Okay, let's try this Can't be I Yeah, image does not As you first to repository And image I need to figure out what an image is this is something that I Feel like it's a lot harder to learn this stuff when you're not like learning it from someone Learned by yourself So let's write down some questions of Me me me me me We need a better fun that people can see No, no, I like that color so Stream Who seems and I'm writing this down because I feel like if I don't understand something I'm gonna forget why I probably find out something else I don't understand Which is kind of the fun of learning is you find a bunch of stuff that you don't understand Okay Just putting this over here so y'all can see it to you What What Use it image or also what is an image What does this call it How but it has something here, what is this
That's what I'm gonna work Enter And Image does not exist locally with a tag new repo Okay, let's try this Can't be I Yeah, image does not As you first to repository And image I need to figure out what an image is this is something that I Feel like it's a lot harder to learn this stuff when you're not like learning it from someone Learned by yourself So let's write down some questions of Me me me me me We need a better fun that people can see No, no, I like that color so Stream Who seems and I'm writing this down because I feel like if I don't understand something I'm gonna forget why I probably find out something else I don't understand Which is kind of the fun of learning is you find a bunch of stuff that you don't understand Okay Just putting this over here so y'all can see it to you What What Use it image or also what is an image What does this call it How but it has something here, what is this Oh It's a tutorial It's that but it's here
Oh It's a tutorial It's that but it's here It's an image What okay, so I think I know what a container is but we're gonna we're gonna write these down Thank you Josh talk to you later you Friday Okay, well Let's make sure I write down so What is everybody else up to like are you guys doing anything fun
It's an image What okay, so I think I know what a container is but we're gonna we're gonna write these down Thank you Josh talk to you later you Friday Okay, well Let's make sure I write down so What is everybody else up to like are you guys doing anything fun We're gonna need fun projects Um Oh Fun The weird thing Going back to Stream yard like oh yeah, not everybody can see that but I am just streaming to twitch now Even though it can stream to both because I'm like I I Feel like I need to make sure people can see the chat and if I do YouTube as well that would be complicated I have my skip level once a month so my skip level is on Monday, yeah, and I'm excited for it because it's always cold to hear like the big level stuff There's also a hub I think local in the hub is online I don't know if this color is gonna show up
We're gonna need fun projects Um Oh Fun The weird thing Going back to Stream yard like oh yeah, not everybody can see that but I am just streaming to twitch now Even though it can stream to both because I'm like I I Feel like I need to make sure people can see the chat and if I do YouTube as well that would be complicated I have my skip level once a month so my skip level is on Monday, yeah, and I'm excited for it because it's always cold to hear like the big level stuff There's also a hub I think local in the hub is online I don't know if this color is gonna show up Yeah, give me another color Oh damn skip levels are yearly I Mean that's fair you also work for a much larger company than I do We have I Don't know how many employees
Yeah, give me another color Oh damn skip levels are yearly I Mean that's fair you also work for a much larger company than I do We have I Don't know how many employees I just know it's definitely not as big as yours Okay, so local Is local computer Man Hub is Docker There hello, hello and Ben is amazing, so I do hope that you recognize them and what up? Firefax. Hello
I just know it's definitely not as big as yours Okay, so local Is local computer Man Hub is Docker There hello, hello and Ben is amazing, so I do hope that you recognize them and what up? Firefax. Hello Hello Thank you for joining today everyone with my Let's learn Okay, yeah, I'm like it looks weird on the I'm using my tablet to take notes So if y'all are like yo, I can't see something just let me know I am working on setting up postgres on Docker Which does seem to be the easier option Last week I tried setting that that local and that was kind of a show So but to do this I kind of need to learn what Docker is And that's what I'm doing Let's see How to create an image He does That one has an image tags read me Hills new tags Okay Let's find out what a Docker images Oh, hey I'm gathering this well No You started the container for this tutorial
Hello Thank you for joining today everyone with my Let's learn Okay, yeah, I'm like it looks weird on the I'm using my tablet to take notes So if y'all are like yo, I can't see something just let me know I am working on setting up postgres on Docker Which does seem to be the easier option Last week I tried setting that that local and that was kind of a show So but to do this I kind of need to learn what Docker is And that's what I'm doing Let's see How to create an image He does That one has an image tags read me Hills new tags Okay Let's find out what a Docker images Oh, hey I'm gathering this well No You started the container for this tutorial Let's first explain the command you just ran in case you forgot here's the command I don't think that's gonna help me out in a niche Let's see I'm catching up on y'all I was like not looking at the chat And Varda hawk just finished a dot net course that included Docker Yes, I've it seems like it'll be easy once I kind of like figure my way around Um, and then fire fix Um, I mean, let's do it Yes, you guys can see all the random shit that I've searched in here Oh session is expired
Let's first explain the command you just ran in case you forgot here's the command I don't think that's gonna help me out in a niche Let's see I'm catching up on y'all I was like not looking at the chat And Varda hawk just finished a dot net course that included Docker Yes, I've it seems like it'll be easy once I kind of like figure my way around Um, and then fire fix Um, I mean, let's do it Yes, you guys can see all the random shit that I've searched in here Oh session is expired I don't know if it's gonna work log in Well, I gave him with Google Yes, you guys can see all that that's fine. I got a lot of email addresses
I don't know if it's gonna work log in Well, I gave him with Google Yes, you guys can see all that that's fine. I got a lot of email addresses I do have Docker desktop running Um, when I'm looking at it though Did he So I created the repo on Docker hub and And Local it doesn't see it locally Um, it only sees Uh Docker push uh for The tag of the name that they gave me the push refers to repository an image does not exist with the tag as to me wondering What is an image Yeah, I don't know what an image is so I figured I should probably find that out So let's Oh by the way Y'all can like Google so much written of stuff like Google Postgres Postgres wow chat chat gbt
I do have Docker desktop running Um, when I'm looking at it though Did he So I created the repo on Docker hub and And Local it doesn't see it locally Um, it only sees Uh Docker push uh for The tag of the name that they gave me the push refers to repository an image does not exist with the tag as to me wondering What is an image Yeah, I don't know what an image is so I figured I should probably find that out So let's Oh by the way Y'all can like Google so much written of stuff like Google Postgres Postgres wow chat chat gbt That's not as easy to say as like Google You can GPT it I don't know Let's see what they say what is the Docker image What is it bro Uh You guys read that okay we can make this bigger Let's see Docker image is a lightweight standalone executable package that includes everything needed to run an application including the code System tools libraries and settings Oh Yes to both of you something that just made it click Was I originally tried page Backup page We're another one Excuse me
That's not as easy to say as like Google You can GPT it I don't know Let's see what they say what is the Docker image What is it bro Uh You guys read that okay we can make this bigger Let's see Docker image is a lightweight standalone executable package that includes everything needed to run an application including the code System tools libraries and settings Oh Yes to both of you something that just made it click Was I originally tried page Backup page We're another one Excuse me Okay, you're not gonna show it to me fine um We're like At the very beginning it suggested a bunch of them um And I did postgres but the postgres one didn't work because I did not Have it yet
Okay, you're not gonna show it to me fine um We're like At the very beginning it suggested a bunch of them um And I did postgres but the postgres one didn't work because I did not Have it yet This is what I used Oh Interesting So Hmm Comparing to what you just posted Bye Okay I don't know what just happened And this is the very annoying thing that I love and he is I like just kind of Figuring it out which is not always great But did that put it in the right folder
This is what I used Oh Interesting So Hmm Comparing to what you just posted Bye Okay I don't know what just happened And this is the very annoying thing that I love and he is I like just kind of Figuring it out which is not always great But did that put it in the right folder I don't think so let's look at some folders You need to be in code Oh Okay, I think you did maybe Um Okay Um looking at what you said and that does make sense especially with Oh Like what they were saying here of like the Docker run So I wonder if I do Did he can go into it Make sure I know City I'll stress one and then I Would think I would need a run it but it wouldn't be getting started When it maybe Hey You I think five let's Out of that Huskess I'm used hey Hub what are you doing you just got the Docker tutorial okay So I think I got You know Um, okay Um Hey You got an image Okay You all Images oh, I got two images Yeah Well I guess I will Run it what happens we're gonna click it Yeah Um Just let me go back over here um especially since I didn't have audio of the first like while of This and Okay, yes, I am still learning how to use my iPad to do this stuff So please be here with me of this was what I was originally like hey, I am going to Move this really quick So you guys can see it without my face being in the way um This is what I was originally like hey Jen let's do some like how to set up videos
I don't think so let's look at some folders You need to be in code Oh Okay, I think you did maybe Um Okay Um looking at what you said and that does make sense especially with Oh Like what they were saying here of like the Docker run So I wonder if I do Did he can go into it Make sure I know City I'll stress one and then I Would think I would need a run it but it wouldn't be getting started When it maybe Hey You I think five let's Out of that Huskess I'm used hey Hub what are you doing you just got the Docker tutorial okay So I think I got You know Um, okay Um Hey You got an image Okay You all Images oh, I got two images Yeah Well I guess I will Run it what happens we're gonna click it Yeah Um Just let me go back over here um especially since I didn't have audio of the first like while of This and Okay, yes, I am still learning how to use my iPad to do this stuff So please be here with me of this was what I was originally like hey, I am going to Move this really quick So you guys can see it without my face being in the way um This is what I was originally like hey Jen let's do some like how to set up videos I was like oh I gotta know how to set that up So Last week I tried local let's just say it was uh a bit rocky it was really it was really rocky and That's as far as I got in the entire like hour and a half I screamed Of learning that I had to install the server and then I had to install the client But to install the client I also had to install something else for um Like post-sequel pseql and Yeah, I was supposed to get to secure a connection and I was like no That's gonna be rough and then also if we do the how-to videos with Those then we need to specifically do it for each operating system So other people suggested they were like and here is my really cool mind map of it
I was like oh I gotta know how to set that up So Last week I tried local let's just say it was uh a bit rocky it was really it was really rocky and That's as far as I got in the entire like hour and a half I screamed Of learning that I had to install the server and then I had to install the client But to install the client I also had to install something else for um Like post-sequel pseql and Yeah, I was supposed to get to secure a connection and I was like no That's gonna be rough and then also if we do the how-to videos with Those then we need to specifically do it for each operating system So other people suggested they were like and here is my really cool mind map of it I like set up post-gress of Hey, I do local There's a reason nobody does it So let's try Docker Cool and then I will get to trying Ivan Ivan is where I work and um That is Where I first set it up and it was the easiest but I don't know that's actually a lecture So that's my friend the rest of these and Cabernelies is here just so that way
I like set up post-gress of Hey, I do local There's a reason nobody does it So let's try Docker Cool and then I will get to trying Ivan Ivan is where I work and um That is Where I first set it up and it was the easiest but I don't know that's actually a lecture So that's my friend the rest of these and Cabernelies is here just so that way I know it exists And Okay, let me get back on my notes screen so you guys were able to see all this and then I will read what you put in the shit Okay um If you have to If you have to configure a Docker file for port forwarding file mounting and other stuff You have to configure
I know it exists And Okay, let me get back on my notes screen so you guys were able to see all this and then I will read what you put in the shit Okay um If you have to If you have to configure a Docker file for port forwarding file mounting and other stuff You have to configure Oh, yay I'm so excited
Oh, yay I'm so excited I will put that on the notes of things um Uh, you let's set up next in your project you can share them if I'd like that would be dope That would be dope because I'm definitely learning them and I will put a bunch of Let's do pink and if any of these colors are difficult for you all to see or you need me to move my notes screen around um, please let me know Uh, and so I'm just gonna put this as Hmm I'm putting your username so actually remember it's like Yo who told me this
I will put that on the notes of things um Uh, you let's set up next in your project you can share them if I'd like that would be dope That would be dope because I'm definitely learning them and I will put a bunch of Let's do pink and if any of these colors are difficult for you all to see or you need me to move my notes screen around um, please let me know Uh, and so I'm just gonna put this as Hmm I'm putting your username so actually remember it's like Yo who told me this Yes, I have questions some at some point but Uh, shing sugar Docker Well for port forwarding yay And file mounting oh yay This is this sounds so exciting Um, oh, thank you Okay, cool
Yes, I have questions some at some point but Uh, shing sugar Docker Well for port forwarding yay And file mounting oh yay This is this sounds so exciting Um, oh, thank you Okay, cool I will Grab that info real quick and as it has uh Varda hoff is that how I say your name I am Not always going through things but I think it will help so um, I will get back to you on that Happy link address go to the link address please I'm doing it off of screen just out quotes. I have access
I will Grab that info real quick and as it has uh Varda hoff is that how I say your name I am Not always going through things but I think it will help so um, I will get back to you on that Happy link address go to the link address please I'm doing it off of screen just out quotes. I have access I have access. Let's start it. So I remember it I have started. Thank you Um, I will look into that
I have access. Let's start it. So I remember it I have started. Thank you Um, I will look into that Let's put that on my to do list Oh And for those who may not have been here at like when Josh joined earlier because I Didn't know I have my audio off that's a thing There is a way that if you're like Jen how are you going to read your handwriting later on
Let's put that on my to do list Oh And for those who may not have been here at like when Josh joined earlier because I Didn't know I have my audio off that's a thing There is a way that if you're like Jen how are you going to read your handwriting later on I can actually go in and tell it to convert my handwriting Like I have to like double check it, but then I can convert the section In all of them But Then I'm able to like go in and Look at it later, but writing it out helps me remember it and it's way faster So you're wondering why I writing it all And Yes, oh, I guess I have green up right now Uh No, there we go Sweet, but notes Yeah, well, that's good
I can actually go in and tell it to convert my handwriting Like I have to like double check it, but then I can convert the section In all of them But Then I'm able to like go in and Look at it later, but writing it out helps me remember it and it's way faster So you're wondering why I writing it all And Yes, oh, I guess I have green up right now Uh No, there we go Sweet, but notes Yeah, well, that's good That's good. It was something that um I don't know if anybody else ever had this as punishment growing up My dad would like make me write sentences It was rough So Okay, there we go Got that going We got this doing something and And Go back one So I hit in postgres
That's good. It was something that um I don't know if anybody else ever had this as punishment growing up My dad would like make me write sentences It was rough So Okay, there we go Got that going We got this doing something and And Go back one So I hit in postgres Let's go back to images I saw postgres and I hit run and there's optional settings Ooh Okay Yay There are more things to learn Uh Oh, that is fair statement of uh if I you want to make your postgres database work Redocumentation of your Docker image that is very fair that is very fair
Let's go back to images I saw postgres and I hit run and there's optional settings Ooh Okay Yay There are more things to learn Uh Oh, that is fair statement of uh if I you want to make your postgres database work Redocumentation of your Docker image that is very fair that is very fair I Should you are a hundred percent right
I Should you are a hundred percent right I am definitely that person that I Clicked me leave through and embrace it until I can't figure it out and then I go read the documentation Because the documentation doesn't really sink in if I try to read it the other way around But also a big part of why I've learned to do it kind of vice versa Which can be very frustrating for other people is I'm really really dyslexic So reading documentation is hard for me in general And yes, I can use the textus speech Um, but that doesn't always work out very easily That's a big reason why Josh comes on um like luckily I was able to set up learning typescript with Josh Who I was showing this a little earlier
I am definitely that person that I Clicked me leave through and embrace it until I can't figure it out and then I go read the documentation Because the documentation doesn't really sink in if I try to read it the other way around But also a big part of why I've learned to do it kind of vice versa Which can be very frustrating for other people is I'm really really dyslexic So reading documentation is hard for me in general And yes, I can use the textus speech Um, but that doesn't always work out very easily That's a big reason why Josh comes on um like luckily I was able to set up learning typescript with Josh Who I was showing this a little earlier I'll show it again Like we go through this book
I'll show it again Like we go through this book Oh, you guys can even see it how rude of me Uh, we go through his book together And where I can actually take notes and ask him questions I was like my own Going to the very beginning so you guys can see the book of like my own way of this is the best way that I learn things Um right now since I just got the tablet the notes aren't in more but hang tight ee It's actually going to be Friday stream
Oh, you guys can even see it how rude of me Uh, we go through his book together And where I can actually take notes and ask him questions I was like my own Going to the very beginning so you guys can see the book of like my own way of this is the best way that I learn things Um right now since I just got the tablet the notes aren't in more but hang tight ee It's actually going to be Friday stream It's going to be exciting, but there are Yeah, which camera am I using this one? No, it's in my book That Help and then going through it. So it's all kind of just like Figuring out our own like learning styles. It's frustrating
It's going to be exciting, but there are Yeah, which camera am I using this one? No, it's in my book That Help and then going through it. So it's all kind of just like Figuring out our own like learning styles. It's frustrating It's frustrating. I never knew my learning style before I started to stream That was awkward learning While streaming He's fun. He knows the very never-ending
It's frustrating. I never knew my learning style before I started to stream That was awkward learning While streaming He's fun. He knows the very never-ending Okay So I guess we're running this as a new container And it gives me errors which is probably good because it gives me something To look at what Tevchkirk Bowley took you two weeks to learn Oh, I'm so jealous So jelly Josh should be so happy to see that if you don't oh, I should just like Do my do the shout out do the shout out
Okay So I guess we're running this as a new container And it gives me errors which is probably good because it gives me something To look at what Tevchkirk Bowley took you two weeks to learn Oh, I'm so jealous So jelly Josh should be so happy to see that if you don't oh, I should just like Do my do the shout out do the shout out Okay, hold on We will Because if you don't follow what Josh does in his streams like definitely something You guys should do okay and copy and She had a paste Yay, I got my pencil So Would highly highly suggest following him and his contact because he is on the Maintainer he's one of the maintainers of some of the work they do so super super cool Okay now back to Yes Okay database is uninitiated and super user password is not specified Okay, well that is delightful I will say this is a bit easier to understand than all the coins I was trying to do with the local setup It's definitely But that is okay And if I get too exhausted or confused by doing this then I can always switch over to work on my website that is my Default that I'm going back to That's a log and then we got Instact oh interesting Oh You Interesting okay, oh it does I'm the container miles And it didn't because of that okay cool tip Well The DataBase is uninitiated super must specify PuzzGress user in a non-empty value
Okay, hold on We will Because if you don't follow what Josh does in his streams like definitely something You guys should do okay and copy and She had a paste Yay, I got my pencil So Would highly highly suggest following him and his contact because he is on the Maintainer he's one of the maintainers of some of the work they do so super super cool Okay now back to Yes Okay database is uninitiated and super user password is not specified Okay, well that is delightful I will say this is a bit easier to understand than all the coins I was trying to do with the local setup It's definitely But that is okay And if I get too exhausted or confused by doing this then I can always switch over to work on my website that is my Default that I'm going back to That's a log and then we got Instact oh interesting Oh You Interesting okay, oh it does I'm the container miles And it didn't because of that okay cool tip Well The DataBase is uninitiated super must specify PuzzGress user in a non-empty value For example, what did I... You can go back to images. Okay, it is one local. Baten案 This is a decks-based feature? Oh, I just went to the original. Okay. Yeah, I got that. Also, where I guess I'm looking right now to like, talk out loud of where I'm looking. I'm like, okay, cool
For example, what did I... You can go back to images. Okay, it is one local. Baten案 This is a decks-based feature? Oh, I just went to the original. Okay. Yeah, I got that. Also, where I guess I'm looking right now to like, talk out loud of where I'm looking. I'm like, okay, cool So I didn't set up my password. Let me go do that. But where I got a little. I'm going over here just because it's going to make a bit more sense for me to look from it from here. This is. Is. On. My code folder. It set up like locally. It set up
So I didn't set up my password. Let me go do that. But where I got a little. I'm going over here just because it's going to make a bit more sense for me to look from it from here. This is. Is. On. My code folder. It set up like locally. It set up It set up. My postgres one because it hasn't put it up to the hub. I'm like, okay, cool. So I have two different areas that save me content. And I'm like, so where is doctor saving stuff? Because if it's local, it had to go somewhere, right? Yeah, but where is it? I'm just sharing locally. Yeah
It set up. My postgres one because it hasn't put it up to the hub. I'm like, okay, cool. So I have two different areas that save me content. And I'm like, so where is doctor saving stuff? Because if it's local, it had to go somewhere, right? Yeah, but where is it? I'm just sharing locally. Yeah Yeah. I guess a better way of asking it is, okay. So this is saying I have a local postgres. And it's just called postgres, but it's on in my code folder where I normally put things. So where did it go so I can. Update this stock or file. Okay. Give me a second
Yeah. I guess a better way of asking it is, okay. So this is saying I have a local postgres. And it's just called postgres, but it's on in my code folder where I normally put things. So where did it go so I can. Update this stock or file. Okay. Give me a second Give me a second. We will share it on stream really quick. So I'm going to share it on my code. Right. You have the doctor file, but it's within your reactivity file. So basically what I'm trying to say that I'm a little lost is if this postgres file. I'm going to talk about the work of projects
Give me a second. We will share it on stream really quick. So I'm going to share it on my code. Right. You have the doctor file, but it's within your reactivity file. So basically what I'm trying to say that I'm a little lost is if this postgres file. I'm going to talk about the work of projects I think that's where I'm a little lost. Okay. So that all makes sense. But then how do I go into this postgres to do the six if I can't go into it here in my terminal. Or how do I go into it in my terminal because I can't run it because of the issue. I think that is where I'm like
I think that's where I'm a little lost. Okay. So that all makes sense. But then how do I go into this postgres to do the six if I can't go into it here in my terminal. Or how do I go into it in my terminal because I can't run it because of the issue. I think that is where I'm like Hi images are stored in the doctor doctor desktop folder, but you can't access an image like a folder. You need to build container from that image. So would that mean that I need to delete this image to be able to start from scratch to be able to put a password in it. I'm going to get there
Hi images are stored in the doctor doctor desktop folder, but you can't access an image like a folder. You need to build container from that image. So would that mean that I need to delete this image to be able to start from scratch to be able to put a password in it. I'm going to get there Well, I guess I should probably go back to my code folder or at least desktop folder. So I'm going to go back to my code folder. When I try to run this image, which this has been me just clicking stuff around. So that's why I did miss something
Well, I guess I should probably go back to my code folder or at least desktop folder. So I'm going to go back to my code folder. When I try to run this image, which this has been me just clicking stuff around. So that's why I did miss something So that's why I was like, do I have to go into like a project or a folder to go set up the password. So I can do that from terminal because I was like, oh, let me go to terminal here. But you can't execute commands from here because I can't run the container. I'm glad you think so
So that's why I was like, do I have to go into like a project or a folder to go set up the password. So I can do that from terminal because I was like, oh, let me go to terminal here. But you can't execute commands from here because I can't run the container. I'm glad you think so My first time using doctor. Yay. I am glad that it is common enough that people are like, yeah, it is. It's so easy. Okay, I'll get there. I will get there. Okay. Yes. Sported tags. File issues. Okay. Oh, this part. Okay. Okay. Wait, what? I have to run anything yet. Ah, this one. I'll do it
My first time using doctor. Yay. I am glad that it is common enough that people are like, yeah, it is. It's so easy. Okay, I'll get there. I will get there. Okay. Yes. Sported tags. File issues. Okay. Oh, this part. Okay. Okay. Wait, what? I have to run anything yet. Ah, this one. I'll do it I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it offline real quick, yo. I honestly don't know. I feel like these are always the things that I'm like, yeah, I'll set it to something. I'm going to be exciting. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, whatever. Sorry. A close. You guys really want to go through it. You can
I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it offline real quick, yo. I honestly don't know. I feel like these are always the things that I'm like, yeah, I'll set it to something. I'm going to be exciting. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, whatever. Sorry. A close. You guys really want to go through it. You can You can. It's not going to be that exciting. How the password set. Okay. I did run the command. I ran the command that was in here, not in. Just yet. The default user. The nendrite is. Like on the containers. Okay. And then. Vardahoff. I will. Or in Firefox
You can. It's not going to be that exciting. How the password set. Okay. I did run the command. I ran the command that was in here, not in. Just yet. The default user. The nendrite is. Like on the containers. Okay. And then. Vardahoff. I will. Or in Firefox Or in Firefox. I will look at the stuff you guys sent in just a second. Okay. Oh, hey, it ran it. Yay. It works. I don't know. Wait, wait, wait. No. Oh no. It says that it's running. But then. Okay. What? Oh, there we go. Got it. Got in it. There we go. Yay. Okay. Teamwork y'all. Teamwork
Or in Firefox. I will look at the stuff you guys sent in just a second. Okay. Oh, hey, it ran it. Yay. It works. I don't know. Wait, wait, wait. No. Oh no. It says that it's running. But then. Okay. What? Oh, there we go. Got it. Got in it. There we go. Yay. Okay. Teamwork y'all. Teamwork Teamwork. We got in it. We are running it. That was. Interesting. Oh, that's a good call. I like the names of them all. Yes. Really forever. We're good. This one's running. Yay. So why did. Okay. Whatever. Um. Yes. I totally get that. It's like on the name
Teamwork. We got in it. We are running it. That was. Interesting. Oh, that's a good call. I like the names of them all. Yes. Really forever. We're good. This one's running. Yay. So why did. Okay. Whatever. Um. Yes. I totally get that. It's like on the name I think I'm glad that you kind of saw what I was like. Getting grumpy about because I'm like, why? Yay. Okay. Um. Yes. Yes. And then terminal. And you can make some magic. Yeah. We got this going. Okay. So. We have it running. That is. And as a reminder, now that we have this running
I think I'm glad that you kind of saw what I was like. Getting grumpy about because I'm like, why? Yay. Okay. Um. Yes. Yes. And then terminal. And you can make some magic. Yeah. We got this going. Okay. So. We have it running. That is. And as a reminder, now that we have this running Which took a while. But hey, we got there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There we go. Um. Now I need to find out if I actually need to set up to something like. P S QO. E C cool. I have a to do list. And we are making moves. Thank you all for your help. I didn't say thank you. So thank you. I appreciate it
Which took a while. But hey, we got there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There we go. Um. Now I need to find out if I actually need to set up to something like. P S QO. E C cool. I have a to do list. And we are making moves. Thank you all for your help. I didn't say thank you. So thank you. I appreciate it I appreciate it. So it's ready to connect to. Data base system is ready to accept connections. Okay. Oh, that's a good way of understanding it. Um. Edie Admin is just a gooey for Postgres. So. Okay. You only use that to run SQL queries directly to the database. I feel like that's kind of like
I appreciate it. So it's ready to connect to. Data base system is ready to accept connections. Okay. Oh, that's a good way of understanding it. Um. Edie Admin is just a gooey for Postgres. So. Okay. You only use that to run SQL queries directly to the database. I feel like that's kind of like I just wanted to look like Excel. This is very naive of me. You could say, but it's definitely something. You need to get over. Um. Yeah. Oh, see that is smart. Yeah. Um, I have. Yeah. That's everything I'm going to be working on. I'm learning. Yeah. Yeah
I just wanted to look like Excel. This is very naive of me. You could say, but it's definitely something. You need to get over. Um. Yeah. Oh, see that is smart. Yeah. Um, I have. Yeah. That's everything I'm going to be working on. I'm learning. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. I recently started working for a company called Ivan. And they do have data infrastructure. And it's really cool because I'm like, I get to learn about all of this. It gives my show a bit more of a focus. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know
Yeah. Yeah. I recently started working for a company called Ivan. And they do have data infrastructure. And it's really cool because I'm like, I get to learn about all of this. It gives my show a bit more of a focus. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know I don't know. Do I get video? I can talk to like anyone. I got you. You want me to do a talk. I can do. I got that. I'm not learning. So. Thank you. Thank you. I. It's so fun. I've been there. About a month and a half. So. And I need to start making these videos. And that means I need to learn
I don't know. Do I get video? I can talk to like anyone. I got you. You want me to do a talk. I can do. I got that. I'm not learning. So. Thank you. Thank you. I. It's so fun. I've been there. About a month and a half. So. And I need to start making these videos. And that means I need to learn I need to learn. I need to learn. I need to learn. I need to learn. I need to learn. I need to learn. I need to learn. I need to learn. I need to learn. One of the best parts in case anybody has ever thought about like starting a stream or wanting to learn live is. You can. It records it for you
I need to learn. I need to learn. I need to learn. I need to learn. I need to learn. I need to learn. I need to learn. I need to learn. I need to learn. One of the best parts in case anybody has ever thought about like starting a stream or wanting to learn live is. You can. It records it for you So if you have questions about the work that you're doing, it's a lot easier to go back. And it's. I don't know. Not as awkward as. If you learn by yourself, you're not always talking out loud about your processes
So if you have questions about the work that you're doing, it's a lot easier to go back. And it's. I don't know. Not as awkward as. If you learn by yourself, you're not always talking out loud about your processes I kind of have to explain to people what your thought process is and why you might be going to certain direction. And so if you need to figure out why you did something, you're saying it when you learn this. It's a lot of fun and. Also. Very nerve-wracking. Especially when things just don't click
I kind of have to explain to people what your thought process is and why you might be going to certain direction. And so if you need to figure out why you did something, you're saying it when you learn this. It's a lot of fun and. Also. Very nerve-wracking. Especially when things just don't click Okay. So we set this up. And. Oh. One of the tools that I used last week. Let me grab that really quick. And you didn't. Figure out what I did with it. Okay. I know I'm totally looking at different screen hold on y'all either shortly. I might be able to see myself in there
Okay. So we set this up. And. Oh. One of the tools that I used last week. Let me grab that really quick. And you didn't. Figure out what I did with it. Okay. I know I'm totally looking at different screen hold on y'all either shortly. I might be able to see myself in there I just need to be able to click. Yeah. This one. Because. These deflections. That we're sent that I found last time is. All for local. From what I understood, but I feel like it gave a pretty good breakdown of like. What you do with it like afterwards. So. I feel like I need to just look up
I just need to be able to click. Yeah. This one. Because. These deflections. That we're sent that I found last time is. All for local. From what I understood, but I feel like it gave a pretty good breakdown of like. What you do with it like afterwards. So. I feel like I need to just look up Setting up a. Yeah. Joker. What do you do with it? Oh, hey, they have three easy steps. Oh, we logged into chat GPT and now it's. I'm going to be able to see what I can do. I can't wait to see what I can do. I can't wait to see what I can do. Chat GPT. What it does. That's fun. Okay. You did a
Setting up a. Yeah. Joker. What do you do with it? Oh, hey, they have three easy steps. Oh, we logged into chat GPT and now it's. I'm going to be able to see what I can do. I can't wait to see what I can do. I can't wait to see what I can do. Chat GPT. What it does. That's fun. Okay. You did a Okay. You did a. Cutting boot camp five years ago. And you did one hour whiteboard sessions talking through your thought process was something you had practice on. And you did a. You did a. I just talked out loud to myself a lot. In general. I. My partner has walked in the room and I'm like
Okay. You did a. Cutting boot camp five years ago. And you did one hour whiteboard sessions talking through your thought process was something you had practice on. And you did a. You did a. I just talked out loud to myself a lot. In general. I. My partner has walked in the room and I'm like Singing something like. Oh, I got my little cup. I got my little cup. And now I need to go get some water. And he's just like. What are you doing? You singing to the cup. Yeah. At least learning live was. Very similar
Singing something like. Oh, I got my little cup. I got my little cup. And now I need to go get some water. And he's just like. What are you doing? You singing to the cup. Yeah. At least learning live was. Very similar Very similar. But like what do you do with it after you set it up in Docker? That is a good way of saying it. Okay. I am scanning. That is. Start a push. Press instance. Database configuration. Oh, that was a lot of scrolling. So
Very similar. But like what do you do with it after you set it up in Docker? That is a good way of saying it. Okay. I am scanning. That is. Start a push. Press instance. Database configuration. Oh, that was a lot of scrolling. So So. And this is something that we have on next on the to do list was like. Users and permissions and things like that. But. Let's find out what. That. That is. The sequel. The sequel. Front end. Okay. I like it. You write this down. I'm going to forget. So. Did you. Is terminal. Um
So. And this is something that we have on next on the to do list was like. Users and permissions and things like that. But. Let's find out what. That. That is. The sequel. The sequel. Front end. Okay. I like it. You write this down. I'm going to forget. So. Did you. Is terminal. Um Is terminal. Um. I'm going to use. Terminal. For. And. Um. Queeries. Okay. We'll go with that. Can't remember. I saw queries apparently. There we go. I feel like. Also seen that there's like P.G. Admin and stuff. That. Are there easier ways to do this. Then. Like. P.G. Admin
Is terminal. Um. I'm going to use. Terminal. For. And. Um. Queeries. Okay. We'll go with that. Can't remember. I saw queries apparently. There we go. I feel like. Also seen that there's like P.G. Admin and stuff. That. Are there easier ways to do this. Then. Like. P.G. Admin Like. P.G. Admin. Like what you mentioned earlier. Vardahoft about like it's a gooey for Postgres. And. And. And. But is that. Still only internal or is there like an actual like. This is pretty to use to connect it to kind of like. Kind of like. It's like it make it really easy to look at one and
Like. P.G. Admin. Like what you mentioned earlier. Vardahoft about like it's a gooey for Postgres. And. And. And. But is that. Still only internal or is there like an actual like. This is pretty to use to connect it to kind of like. Kind of like. It's like it make it really easy to look at one and Visually. And. Y'all don't know what. I'm not sure. It's really cool. Um. Mainly. Okay. We'll just accept that. Oh, my browser's you and the weird things again. I think that it does this. Does it show like this for y'all? Like. Look. At. I think it's like. I think it's like
Visually. And. Y'all don't know what. I'm not sure. It's really cool. Um. Mainly. Okay. We'll just accept that. Oh, my browser's you and the weird things again. I think that it does this. Does it show like this for y'all? Like. Look. At. I think it's like. I think it's like I think it's like. My browser like my book's my spa just disappeared. And. Yeah. It's it does the weirdest stuff. Please come back. Really just want to show them what it looks like. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi, Christmas. And it does not just do that on Christmas
I think it's like. My browser like my book's my spa just disappeared. And. Yeah. It's it does the weirdest stuff. Please come back. Really just want to show them what it looks like. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi, Christmas. And it does not just do that on Christmas Does it on a bunch of websites? Just not very consistently. Oh. Oh, good call. Okay. Let's. Let's try this. And. Oh, hey. Can. There we go. I Google a lot of really random stuff. And. And. And. We don't like to use to be a mine. With help of container technologies
Does it on a bunch of websites? Just not very consistently. Oh. Oh, good call. Okay. Let's. Let's try this. And. Oh, hey. Can. There we go. I Google a lot of really random stuff. And. And. And. We don't like to use to be a mine. With help of container technologies We can set our environment up within minutes. Look at that. How to run Postgres and PG Admin using doctor. Yes. Yes. I love the people write this shit. It makes it so much easier to do stuff. Okay. Yep, we got a ducker. Uh oh. We got that. Okay. Um Okay. That doesn't sound complicated whatsoever
We can set our environment up within minutes. Look at that. How to run Postgres and PG Admin using doctor. Yes. Yes. I love the people write this shit. It makes it so much easier to do stuff. Okay. Yep, we got a ducker. Uh oh. We got that. Okay. Um Okay. That doesn't sound complicated whatsoever And just so that way I am not just hoarding the information. This is the link of what I'm looking at right now. But I am also going to use one of these. There we go. Um explore. That's fun. Hey, documentation. Let's see if there's a PG admin. Oh, um, wow. This is like weirdly old school looking
And just so that way I am not just hoarding the information. This is the link of what I'm looking at right now. But I am also going to use one of these. There we go. Um explore. That's fun. Hey, documentation. Let's see if there's a PG admin. Oh, um, wow. This is like weirdly old school looking As an eye frame. Oh, that's weird. Guides. Um, okay. If you're seeing. Interesting. So it looks like this is container deployment. PG admin can be deployed in a container using the image at this. There are various tags you can select from to get a version that you want. Okay. More questions
As an eye frame. Oh, that's weird. Guides. Um, okay. If you're seeing. Interesting. So it looks like this is container deployment. PG admin can be deployed in a container using the image at this. There are various tags you can select from to get a version that you want. Okay. More questions More questions. I like to change the color. Thank you. That's right. Um. Then. And then. I'm going to change the color. Firefix takes some course about Docker for better understanding. Yeah, that would make sense. It's. It's been. It's been. It's been. It's been. It's been. And what. So yeah
More questions. I like to change the color. Thank you. That's right. Um. Then. And then. I'm going to change the color. Firefix takes some course about Docker for better understanding. Yeah, that would make sense. It's. It's been. It's been. It's been. It's been. It's been. And what. So yeah And what. So yeah. Yeah, Y'all. Okay. Just because. I can do that. Oh, no. Apparently we're gonna have to do freehand because I don't always write straight and then we can do this and then we can convert. And then we can convert. And it writes it, converts
And what. So yeah. Yeah, Y'all. Okay. Just because. I can do that. Oh, no. Apparently we're gonna have to do freehand because I don't always write straight and then we can do this and then we can convert. And then we can convert. And it writes it, converts And if it's too large, I can, I like it all. It gets more or move the box. Move the edge of the box. Let me move the edge. Here we go. It's so fun. Okay. Ah. Ah. Norby, I like your question. It's not an issue. It honestly isn't an issue. It's me learning and it's going through the process
And if it's too large, I can, I like it all. It gets more or move the box. Move the edge of the box. Let me move the edge. Here we go. It's so fun. Okay. Ah. Ah. Norby, I like your question. It's not an issue. It honestly isn't an issue. It's me learning and it's going through the process And Firefix said, so you can use Dockerfile and Docker Compose. Might not be worth trying but you to me. I 100% agree. It makes it hard to use something like you to me to learn public about it though. So that way other people that kind of like see the struggles too. It's fun and really annoying
And Firefix said, so you can use Dockerfile and Docker Compose. Might not be worth trying but you to me. I 100% agree. It makes it hard to use something like you to me to learn public about it though. So that way other people that kind of like see the struggles too. It's fun and really annoying And what up Anthony? Yay. I'm learning Docker finally. So Anthony and Ramon are the OGs. They have literally were my first two out of my first three guests on the show. And it's been interesting. It's been a wild ride. I can't believe it's been, oh gosh, eight months now
And what up Anthony? Yay. I'm learning Docker finally. So Anthony and Ramon are the OGs. They have literally were my first two out of my first three guests on the show. And it's been interesting. It's been a wild ride. I can't believe it's been, oh gosh, eight months now But currently I figured out we got it running on Docker. And I hated local. Good question. So no, you do not need a Docker for Postgres. It is something that local just is like a shit show and wouldn't suggest anybody. Just so that way you guys know which question I'm answering. You don't need it
But currently I figured out we got it running on Docker. And I hated local. Good question. So no, you do not need a Docker for Postgres. It is something that local just is like a shit show and wouldn't suggest anybody. Just so that way you guys know which question I'm answering. You don't need it You don't need it. It's just easier to do than local, which is true. I mean, it still took me a while, but it made way more sense than what I was doing with when it was local
You don't need it. It's just easier to do than local, which is true. I mean, it still took me a while, but it made way more sense than what I was doing with when it was local But then also I will be comparing it to Ivan because when I did it way back in the day, I used Ivan and it was really easy and like also had a really good interface and things like that. So I'm also just trying to figure that out so I can write my how-to videos
But then also I will be comparing it to Ivan because when I did it way back in the day, I used Ivan and it was really easy and like also had a really good interface and things like that. So I'm also just trying to figure that out so I can write my how-to videos And did I figure it out? No, no, I'm still setting it up on this handy-dandy thing that I keep looking at of we are to, let me move this screen really quick. But look how fancy we've got an Anthony. We are sharing I dad screens. We'll look at that. It's so fancy. Very excited
And did I figure it out? No, no, I'm still setting it up on this handy-dandy thing that I keep looking at of we are to, let me move this screen really quick. But look how fancy we've got an Anthony. We are sharing I dad screens. We'll look at that. It's so fancy. Very excited Very excited. That you can like see all of like the to-do list of like figuring it out, but I'm still stuck. Like so local was a shit show. Not gonna do that one again. Plus that I would have to do the how-to's on each of the systems. Docker container
Very excited. That you can like see all of like the to-do list of like figuring it out, but I'm still stuck. Like so local was a shit show. Not gonna do that one again. Plus that I would have to do the how-to's on each of the systems. Docker container Docker container. I got through step one of the Docker container to thank you to also the help of the beautiful humans in the chat so far. And now I am working on connecting it like how to connect to it. And I was looking at PG admin and that's gonna where you guys landed is, yes
Docker container. I got through step one of the Docker container to thank you to also the help of the beautiful humans in the chat so far. And now I am working on connecting it like how to connect to it. And I was looking at PG admin and that's gonna where you guys landed is, yes Varda Hoth said I got the image running, trying to figure out the to plug in PG admin which I'm not like PG admin specifically. It was more of that. So let me catch up on all the notes
Varda Hoth said I got the image running, trying to figure out the to plug in PG admin which I'm not like PG admin specifically. It was more of that. So let me catch up on all the notes They're solutions directly from the PG admin page, but they prefer DB, DVEaver because it's a local instance and can handle multiple test databases. And there's a YouTube video. It's okay. Yeah, there's lots of options. There's always options. Yeah, let's go to me
They're solutions directly from the PG admin page, but they prefer DB, DVEaver because it's a local instance and can handle multiple test databases. And there's a YouTube video. It's okay. Yeah, there's lots of options. There's always options. Yeah, let's go to me Let me go to actual Twitch and not StreamYar to see what you guys sent me because StreamYar does not, let me click anything. It's very annoying. What are you working on Anthony and Remo? It will everybody, but Anthony and Remo are some people that joined more recently
Let me go to actual Twitch and not StreamYar to see what you guys sent me because StreamYar does not, let me click anything. It's very annoying. What are you working on Anthony and Remo? It will everybody, but Anthony and Remo are some people that joined more recently So let me go to the next page. Let me go to the next page. Oh, sweet. It looks like, yeah, you are. New RPI, it looks like we were on the same page or just students scroll down yet. Yay. We're at least going in the right direction. Oh, okay, cool
So let me go to the next page. Let me go to the next page. Oh, sweet. It looks like, yeah, you are. New RPI, it looks like we were on the same page or just students scroll down yet. Yay. We're at least going in the right direction. Oh, okay, cool Oh, okay, cool. And Anthony, I do hope you were relaxing with the nothing and you had a great day at work. Hey, what type of work are you looking for, Varda Hoff? Tag me in Twitter. Like if you're looking for a job like happy to tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet
Oh, okay, cool. And Anthony, I do hope you were relaxing with the nothing and you had a great day at work. Hey, what type of work are you looking for, Varda Hoff? Tag me in Twitter. Like if you're looking for a job like happy to tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet And I have a feeling that like Anthony and Remo and I'll just fall in and tell you guys because you're here too. But like what you're looking for and stuff because happy to share it and you know, see what we can do. Anthony loves reacts
And I have a feeling that like Anthony and Remo and I'll just fall in and tell you guys because you're here too. But like what you're looking for and stuff because happy to share it and you know, see what we can do. Anthony loves reacts I say Anthony loves reacts because it's the first thing he taught me. So therefore I will always refer Anthony to react instead of Redwood or Web3. Just react. Anthony forever, you will be just react. Okay, you do a lot of things. But it's what he said. Like what you taught me first
I say Anthony loves reacts because it's the first thing he taught me. So therefore I will always refer Anthony to react instead of Redwood or Web3. Just react. Anthony forever, you will be just react. Okay, you do a lot of things. But it's what he said. Like what you taught me first Which if y'all like me, you get better at these things. See? Shout out. That one. Yay. And then I have to wait like two minutes. So if y'all could like remind me if I don't, then you're shortly. Because Remoan also does live streams too. So these are like the live stream crew
Which if y'all like me, you get better at these things. See? Shout out. That one. Yay. And then I have to wait like two minutes. So if y'all could like remind me if I don't, then you're shortly. Because Remoan also does live streams too. So these are like the live stream crew Okay, so let's see the first one. Yeah, you see a pose. And then you scroll back up. Okay. Okay. I am proud of you, Remoan. It's not midnight quite yet. And you might go to bed soon. I know that you are a night owl. Um, first good man. That's a lot of fun
Okay, so let's see the first one. Yeah, you see a pose. And then you scroll back up. Okay. Okay. I am proud of you, Remoan. It's not midnight quite yet. And you might go to bed soon. I know that you are a night owl. Um, first good man. That's a lot of fun You did you do you? Okay, let's see if this will hit sons. No, I have to wait 35 more seconds. Damn it. And what did you? Oh, you shared our video. I'll look at that. Y'all go click the video. It was like the second one or third one. Oh, so cute when I didn't like literally didn't know anything
You did you do you? Okay, let's see if this will hit sons. No, I have to wait 35 more seconds. Damn it. And what did you? Oh, you shared our video. I'll look at that. Y'all go click the video. It was like the second one or third one. Oh, so cute when I didn't like literally didn't know anything So adorable. Okay. Let's see. Back to me ignoring the chat for a minute because I need to look at this. And see the needy. Okay, here we go. Okay. And. Wait, I have terminal now. I have terminal now in this container. Which means I can run this. And my container. No, don't use this. Damn it. Fine
So adorable. Okay. Let's see. Back to me ignoring the chat for a minute because I need to look at this. And see the needy. Okay, here we go. Okay. And. Wait, I have terminal now. I have terminal now in this container. Which means I can run this. And my container. No, don't use this. Damn it. Fine Damn it. Fine. Okay. Yeah, it was a thing around. Right now you're a local machine. Okay, got it. Yes. I will. Cool. Damn. Do you do do do do do. Do you. Where are all of you from? I'm from the US. I'm from the US. I'm from the US. Because I know. Yeah, Ramon is a Eastern Europe
Damn it. Fine. Okay. Yeah, it was a thing around. Right now you're a local machine. Okay, got it. Yes. I will. Cool. Damn. Do you do do do do do. Do you. Where are all of you from? I'm from the US. I'm from the US. I'm from the US. Because I know. Yeah, Ramon is a Eastern Europe Are you considered Eastern Europe? Middle Europe? Ramon, what? What would you consider where you're at? Like. Dude, fire fix, you're still awake too. I'm so late there. I forget that people like stayed up that late. Oh my gosh
Are you considered Eastern Europe? Middle Europe? Ramon, what? What would you consider where you're at? Like. Dude, fire fix, you're still awake too. I'm so late there. I forget that people like stayed up that late. Oh my gosh Oh my gosh. I'm going to be visiting Germany at the end of next month when I get done with. Portugal. I will be going and hanging out in. Munich for a bit. Okay, very shortly. Like I'm there for a weekend to visit a friend. I'm going to be there for a while. I'm going to be there for a while
Oh my gosh. I'm going to be visiting Germany at the end of next month when I get done with. Portugal. I will be going and hanging out in. Munich for a bit. Okay, very shortly. Like I'm there for a weekend to visit a friend. I'm going to be there for a while. I'm going to be there for a while Well, that's good. Are you working on anything fun? Like. I'm going to be there for a while. As the OGs will probably tell you, it's interesting to watch me, you know, troubleshoot. It takes a while. But I learn. Mm hmm. Mm hmm. Mm hmm. I got a really fun air. Norpah, I'm working on it
Well, that's good. Are you working on anything fun? Like. I'm going to be there for a while. As the OGs will probably tell you, it's interesting to watch me, you know, troubleshoot. It takes a while. But I learn. Mm hmm. Mm hmm. Mm hmm. I got a really fun air. Norpah, I'm working on it Oh, I'm going to get on it. I'm going to be there for a while. It's not fun. It's really fun. It's really fun. It's really fun. I'm just going to be there. I'm going to be there for a while. need to do a different approach. Okay, this is... Doesn't matter what port... Oh, okay, thank you
Oh, I'm going to get on it. I'm going to be there for a while. It's not fun. It's really fun. It's really fun. It's really fun. I'm just going to be there. I'm going to be there for a while. need to do a different approach. Okay, this is... Doesn't matter what port... Oh, okay, thank you That's a good call. What do you do for a work nor? Because I feel like you are... like wicked quick at this. Yay, it worked, I think. Okay, that... I feel like it makes sense. Okay, so we are... it ran. It did its thing. Feetie for admin. It's thinking and I'm gonna run it and I'm gonna run it
That's a good call. What do you do for a work nor? Because I feel like you are... like wicked quick at this. Yay, it worked, I think. Okay, that... I feel like it makes sense. Okay, so we are... it ran. It did its thing. Feetie for admin. It's thinking and I'm gonna run it and I'm gonna run it You need to find the default again. Look on the containers. It didn't run the container. Oh, what is this? Oh, goodness gracious. Sorry guys, let's get me to. I don't need this. I don't need this. That one's running. So does it? Oh, I think you close it out. I know, I'm annoying
You need to find the default again. Look on the containers. It didn't run the container. Oh, what is this? Oh, goodness gracious. Sorry guys, let's get me to. I don't need this. I don't need this. That one's running. So does it? Oh, I think you close it out. I know, I'm annoying Because if I go here, this one's running. And... Oh, yay! It's working there. Well, this one and this one looks like I can delete because this one's running. And I don't need my getting started one. There we go. Feetie for admin. Feetie admin for whatever. And if y'all can..
Because if I go here, this one's running. And... Oh, yay! It's working there. Well, this one and this one looks like I can delete because this one's running. And I don't need my getting started one. There we go. Feetie for admin. Feetie admin for whatever. And if y'all can.. And if y'all can... hear my dog, I can kick her out of the room if I need to. That does make... Okay, beep. Y'all are quick. How did you figure out to go to..
And if y'all can... hear my dog, I can kick her out of the room if I need to. That does make... Okay, beep. Y'all are quick. How did you figure out to go to.... Like, I'm click it or I know I'm clicking around backwards, but how did you figure out to go to that IP address like specifically because like... I know like local hosts is normally like 3000 or something like that. So, but how did you get... Thank you. Thank you. I'm entirely too helpful
.. Like, I'm click it or I know I'm clicking around backwards, but how did you figure out to go to that IP address like specifically because like... I know like local hosts is normally like 3000 or something like that. So, but how did you get... Thank you. Thank you. I'm entirely too helpful I'm curious like if it says it somewhere. Oh! The more you know. Okay, my dog is driving me insane. Please stand by. You guys want to see a little messy of the room because I'm redoing my office. So please ignore if you do. Yeah, yeah, y'all are going on a little trip
I'm curious like if it says it somewhere. Oh! The more you know. Okay, my dog is driving me insane. Please stand by. You guys want to see a little messy of the room because I'm redoing my office. So please ignore if you do. Yeah, yeah, y'all are going on a little trip There's the dog and my messy background, but there's the dog. Hi. Hey, you idiot lady. Can I work now so you're not yelling at me in the background, please? I'm going to work for a trip again. Yeah, okay. Man, I need to scoot my chair in. Our doggo is an old lady. She is 13. She runs everything
There's the dog and my messy background, but there's the dog. Hi. Hey, you idiot lady. Can I work now so you're not yelling at me in the background, please? I'm going to work for a trip again. Yeah, okay. Man, I need to scoot my chair in. Our doggo is an old lady. She is 13. She runs everything And this is good to know. So, thank you. I do like... Because you said so part, but it also makes sense knowing more on the behind of the scenes as well. Whoa! And... Yes, I know it's not a great password. Never. We are here! Y'all! This was very complicated and easy at the same time
And this is good to know. So, thank you. I do like... Because you said so part, but it also makes sense knowing more on the behind of the scenes as well. Whoa! And... Yes, I know it's not a great password. Never. We are here! Y'all! This was very complicated and easy at the same time This is very confusing thing. I don't know what to think about that. Ah! There's not much I'm going to click. Add a new server. And then I'm guessing I just named it the Postgres one. Post-name and service must be specified. Can I just... I'm going to click. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Let's see
This is very confusing thing. I don't know what to think about that. Ah! There's not much I'm going to click. Add a new server. And then I'm guessing I just named it the Postgres one. Post-name and service must be specified. Can I just... I'm going to click. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Let's see Hmm. Let's see. Post-name or address. Yes. I'll say my p-address, right? Because this one... Oh. I could go here, containers. And I didn't set up a port for it. So... Oh. Okay. And that makes sense because the other one we set up a port for. So therefore, that's why... Oh
Hmm. Let's see. Post-name or address. Yes. I'll say my p-address, right? Because this one... Oh. I could go here, containers. And I didn't set up a port for it. So... Oh. Okay. And that makes sense because the other one we set up a port for. So therefore, that's why... Oh.. Oh. I don't know what to listen to. Okay. Okay. And remove the port. Oh, okay. I get what you're saying. Nope. It didn't like that. It says it has to be specified. Oh, no. What happens if I hit save? I can do it. Oh. Okay. If you guys see it, I'm like... Hmm. You see the password? Save. No. Hmm
.. Oh. I don't know what to listen to. Okay. Okay. And remove the port. Oh, okay. I get what you're saying. Nope. It didn't like that. It says it has to be specified. Oh, no. What happens if I hit save? I can do it. Oh. Okay. If you guys see it, I'm like... Hmm. You see the password? Save. No. Hmm No. Hmm. I'm seeing if it shows me... Like somewhere over here, like what the port... Uh-huh. Okay. So... Um... Run a new instance. So when the container is running, I need to stop the container and re-run it. Is that what... Run a new instance means? Or restart it. Or restart it. Or restart it
No. Hmm. I'm seeing if it shows me... Like somewhere over here, like what the port... Uh-huh. Okay. So... Um... Run a new instance. So when the container is running, I need to stop the container and re-run it. Is that what... Run a new instance means? Or restart it. Or restart it. Or restart it Or restart it. Okay. Stop it. Uh-huh. Change the command to run it and run it then. Okay. Okay. Okay. So it's... Docker. Yes. Y'all, I don't remember what it was and I should have written it down. That would have been happy. Docker run. Okay
Or restart it. Okay. Stop it. Uh-huh. Change the command to run it and run it then. Okay. Okay. Okay. So it's... Docker. Yes. Y'all, I don't remember what it was and I should have written it down. That would have been happy. Docker run. Okay Docker run. Okay. To set up Docker with path grass, I use command Docker run name. Oh. Okay. Run Docker. Let's just set the password. Nope. Nope. Yep. Oh. No, that's a pull it. Not run it. I had it there. Oh, great. Great. Yay. No. No. No. No. No. I'm just going to try that one. No. Oh
Docker run. Okay. To set up Docker with path grass, I use command Docker run name. Oh. Okay. Run Docker. Let's just set the password. Nope. Nope. Yep. Oh. No, that's a pull it. Not run it. I had it there. Oh, great. Great. Yay. No. No. No. No. No. I'm just going to try that one. No. Oh No. Oh. One that's why. Yeah. Y'all, if you hack this stuff, um... Enjoy. It's not going to have anything cool in it. This is it, right? You just have the dollar sign in front of it. Now. Grand. Okay. Cool. It's on there. Be gone. And. After password. Okay. Okay. Okay
No. Oh. One that's why. Yeah. Y'all, if you hack this stuff, um... Enjoy. It's not going to have anything cool in it. This is it, right? You just have the dollar sign in front of it. Now. Grand. Okay. Cool. It's on there. Be gone. And. After password. Okay. Okay. Okay Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm showing them the commands and users. No. Okay. Okay. Oh. I wasn't kidding when I said I was dyslexic. That's why I. I know myself sometimes. It's fun. And then. I know I was dyslexic. So I want to know if I need the user name. So where would I be putting it
Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm showing them the commands and users. No. Okay. Okay. Oh. I wasn't kidding when I said I was dyslexic. That's why I. I know myself sometimes. It's fun. And then. I know I was dyslexic. So I want to know if I need the user name. So where would I be putting it Would it just be Postgres user at the very end? Or this should work. Go ahead and enter. Of course. Hey. Um. Oh. Run name, Sumco, Postgres, is already in use container. You have to remove and rename that container. Okay. So, essentially, I just delete it and it said, okay, cool. Yeah
Would it just be Postgres user at the very end? Or this should work. Go ahead and enter. Of course. Hey. Um. Oh. Run name, Sumco, Postgres, is already in use container. You have to remove and rename that container. Okay. So, essentially, I just delete it and it said, okay, cool. Yeah Yeah. I read that one right. That is exciting. Oh. Well, I like clicking things so we can leave it and then if I need to, I'll go back and rerun it. Uh, find address, Rd and use. It's created. And then, uh, here? No. Okay. Hold. No, no, no, no, go away. Move. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yeah. I read that one right. That is exciting. Oh. Well, I like clicking things so we can leave it and then if I need to, I'll go back and rerun it. Uh, find address, Rd and use. It's created. And then, uh, here? No. Okay. Hold. No, no, no, no, go away. Move. Yes. Yes. Yes Yes. Yes. Yes. Oh, actually, good call out. That's what I was working on last week. Give me a second. I'm trying to think. Okay. Hold on. Yeah. Let's make this bigger. Well, yeah. Okay. Hold on. I will go deleted. And yes, I'm going like the old school way or the not new way
Yes. Yes. Yes. Oh, actually, good call out. That's what I was working on last week. Give me a second. I'm trying to think. Okay. Hold on. Yeah. Let's make this bigger. Well, yeah. Okay. Hold on. I will go deleted. And yes, I'm going like the old school way or the not new way I think it is because I tried setting up a postgres instance last week locally. And so it would make sense that it would be showing now. Give me a second and I'll rerun this after I delete it. Oh. Well, I can rename it though, can't I? I rerun postgres. Okay. I rerun postgres. Okay. Okay
I think it is because I tried setting up a postgres instance last week locally. And so it would make sense that it would be showing now. Give me a second and I'll rerun this after I delete it. Oh. Well, I can rename it though, can't I? I rerun postgres. Okay. I rerun postgres. Okay. Okay Okay. Okay. Check my postgres container. Yeah. Nope. Okay. At least I have a cool, they give us cool names. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. And that is a command. Maybe this. Give me like two. Oh, y'all are funny. I did it
Okay. Okay. Check my postgres container. Yeah. Nope. Okay. At least I have a cool, they give us cool names. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. And that is a command. Maybe this. Give me like two. Oh, y'all are funny. I did it I did it. I feel like also something that's interesting is I'm going into my library and it's also not seen. I'm just annoying. I'm just annoying. That is so funny. I actually have dual monitors. I love
I did it. I feel like also something that's interesting is I'm going into my library and it's also not seen. I'm just annoying. I'm just annoying. That is so funny. I actually have dual monitors. I love I love. But I also have a lot to do with the fact that I used to work on a mobile company, a cellular company, and it was right when iPhones and Andrei's first came out. I hate it. I hate it. I hate it. I know. I know. Oh. Weird. Okay
I love. But I also have a lot to do with the fact that I used to work on a mobile company, a cellular company, and it was right when iPhones and Andrei's first came out. I hate it. I hate it. I hate it. I know. I know. Oh. Weird. Okay Oh. Weird. Okay. I just searched the Mac for Postgres and looking at this, it was post postgres equal 15 because I was trying to go through it through here. I mean, okay. I mean, that's fair. Well, the walk was so pretty. It's so fun. Oh, that is so funny. I'll Google it
Oh. Weird. Okay. I just searched the Mac for Postgres and looking at this, it was post postgres equal 15 because I was trying to go through it through here. I mean, okay. I mean, that's fair. Well, the walk was so pretty. It's so fun. Oh, that is so funny. I'll Google it I'll Google it. Just see if I can get the thing. Ooh! These chat GPTs is going to look for it for us too. I'll try this last one and then we can try installing it. Oh, yeah. No, I don't like that one either. Um... There's no end in the last one. Oh, oops
I'll Google it. Just see if I can get the thing. Ooh! These chat GPTs is going to look for it for us too. I'll try this last one and then we can try installing it. Oh, yeah. No, I don't like that one either. Um... There's no end in the last one. Oh, oops Oh, oops. Well, that would be probably why the last one didn't work. Oh, it didn't... It didn't scroll it. And... Well, thanks. Thanks. Good, good catch there. It didn't help us much. We're so kind of struggling on that one. All right, y'all. I will be right back. I got a phone call
Oh, oops. Well, that would be probably why the last one didn't work. Oh, it didn't... It didn't scroll it. And... Well, thanks. Thanks. Good, good catch there. It didn't help us much. We're so kind of struggling on that one. All right, y'all. I will be right back. I got a phone call I got a phone call. So, hang tight. It's all right. Just in time, good night, fire. Thank you for joining them hanging out. I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you're here. And I think you already do. But make sure you follow and come back and hang out with us. This was fun
I got a phone call. So, hang tight. It's all right. Just in time, good night, fire. Thank you for joining them hanging out. I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you're here. And I think you already do. But make sure you follow and come back and hang out with us. This was fun This was fun. And I appreciate it. Um... And, y'all, I got a... Before I forget... The... I got told that I'm going to get food on the way home. My partner is going to be like coming home, which is fine. But I'm going to be going home, which is exciting. Well, please come by
This was fun. And I appreciate it. Um... And, y'all, I got a... Before I forget... The... I got told that I'm going to get food on the way home. My partner is going to be like coming home, which is fine. But I'm going to be going home, which is exciting. Well, please come by I have to order quickly. Uh... Duh-duh-duh-duh. Uh... Reorder. And... Rease. Duh-duh-duh. Uh... That's 6 p.m. And... The perks of... Always ordering the same thing is I just had to hit Reorder. And it knew exactly what food I wanted. Did I...? Okay
I have to order quickly. Uh... Duh-duh-duh-duh. Uh... Reorder. And... Rease. Duh-duh-duh. Uh... That's 6 p.m. And... The perks of... Always ordering the same thing is I just had to hit Reorder. And it knew exactly what food I wanted. Did I...? Okay Did I...? Okay. I need to put my desk to standing because I'm sitting for a while. So please stand by. Yay for like standing desks. Um... And for those who may not know, like these are like things I'm definitely not used to... Having that are like huge things that are very, very helpful in..
Did I...? Okay. I need to put my desk to standing because I'm sitting for a while. So please stand by. Yay for like standing desks. Um... And for those who may not know, like these are like things I'm definitely not used to... Having that are like huge things that are very, very helpful in.... Strolling, but then also just like my work in general. But like these are definitely perks that... I've worked hard for. But it feels weird yet knowing that like maybe not everybody can have the same... Things, I guess, as a way of saying it. But anyway. Um, okay. So, ends up not working
.. Strolling, but then also just like my work in general. But like these are definitely perks that... I've worked hard for. But it feels weird yet knowing that like maybe not everybody can have the same... Things, I guess, as a way of saying it. But anyway. Um, okay. So, ends up not working That is the thing... That is... That's fair. It's true. It is true. Like, there are many, many... You have asked people that I very much so appreciate. Oh, it did something. Or it didn't do something and didn't give me an error. So let me go up a million times. And then rerun this
That is the thing... That is... That's fair. It's true. It is true. Like, there are many, many... You have asked people that I very much so appreciate. Oh, it did something. Or it didn't do something and didn't give me an error. So let me go up a million times. And then rerun this Right? Or am I just trying to do... rerun this? Right. Hmm. I'm gonna delete you. I'm voting, remote, Docker, start container, your... Quartz not available. Okay. Hold on. I gotta go back down. Go all the way down. Okay. Okay
Right? Or am I just trying to do... rerun this? Right. Hmm. I'm gonna delete you. I'm voting, remote, Docker, start container, your... Quartz not available. Okay. Hold on. I gotta go back down. Go all the way down. Okay. Okay Okay. Okay. Do you want to work now? I'm gonna try deleting it and rerunning it just to see... Oh, the Docker... Okay, fine. Gotta go up a million. Okay. Okay. So remove this. Re-run it. Okay. And it is ready. Y'all, we got it running. Now, let's see. I can get this. I'm just gonna click out of it
Okay. Okay. Do you want to work now? I'm gonna try deleting it and rerunning it just to see... Oh, the Docker... Okay, fine. Gotta go up a million. Okay. Okay. So remove this. Re-run it. Okay. And it is ready. Y'all, we got it running. Now, let's see. I can get this. I'm just gonna click out of it That's where we're going, right? The PG. I'm gonna copy this because I don't feel like retyping it. So we're gonna close this because it doesn't let me re-save. Maybe I can try a reset. Yeah, it doesn't seem to think. Okay, we'll reset it. Just press. I'm gonna name you PG. Oh, need me. Need me
That's where we're going, right? The PG. I'm gonna copy this because I don't feel like retyping it. So we're gonna close this because it doesn't let me re-save. Maybe I can try a reset. Yeah, it doesn't seem to think. Okay, we'll reset it. Just press. I'm gonna name you PG. Oh, need me. Need me Need me. Quartz, we're free three because we updated the port in the last one. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Okay. Mean and state of base. I'm just gonna update the full user name. It's not giving me that error, but you know. You can't play through two. No. No. Wait, doesn't like anything. Hmm. Okay
Need me. Quartz, we're free three because we updated the port in the last one. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Okay. Mean and state of base. I'm just gonna update the full user name. It's not giving me that error, but you know. You can't play through two. No. No. Wait, doesn't like anything. Hmm. Okay Hmm. Okay. There you go. That is my doctor desktop. Hold on. Let me move this down. Move this up. Hey. No, that is definitely not what's supposed to happen. Um, give me just a second. I'm just gonna. I think it's what. Postgres. That was equals
Hmm. Okay. There you go. That is my doctor desktop. Hold on. Let me move this down. Move this up. Hey. No, that is definitely not what's supposed to happen. Um, give me just a second. I'm just gonna. I think it's what. Postgres. That was equals That was equals. I get that it's supposed to be default by admin, but if I change something. Then I'll use we can make sure this didn't. I get we may not need it now. It's probably. Okay. Whatever. That's fine. You said to. Oh, okay. Okay. Um, but. Go to your terminal and enter a doctor and fact
That was equals. I get that it's supposed to be default by admin, but if I change something. Then I'll use we can make sure this didn't. I get we may not need it now. It's probably. Okay. Whatever. That's fine. You said to. Oh, okay. Okay. Um, but. Go to your terminal and enter a doctor and fact The doctor. In the space. Oh, yeah. Hold on. Oh, goodness gracious. It shows the port correctly. I don't know how far this goes up. Okay, stop. Tell me where to stop. We. There's a lot here. Okay. I'm going to stop with config. And then let me know if you need me to keep going. The IP address
The doctor. In the space. Oh, yeah. Hold on. Oh, goodness gracious. It shows the port correctly. I don't know how far this goes up. Okay, stop. Tell me where to stop. We. There's a lot here. Okay. I'm going to stop with config. And then let me know if you need me to keep going. The IP address The IP address. Okay. Let me see if I see it. And then if not network settings. Bridge port. Oh, host IP zeroes. For the port. So just update that to zeroes, Rayleigh. You go down. Okay. Oh, no, gateway. Let me know if you. Let me know if you. I'll get. Save. Okay. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm
The IP address. Okay. Let me see if I see it. And then if not network settings. Bridge port. Oh, host IP zeroes. For the port. So just update that to zeroes, Rayleigh. You go down. Okay. Oh, no, gateway. Let me know if you. Let me know if you. I'll get. Save. Okay. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm doing this one, Ray. The IP address. 172.17.0.12. Okay. So it'll password. Okay. Well, fabulous. Same. Okay. Well, yay. At least it's a new error, right? Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Find I will delete you. Please stop. And... Okay. Delete forever. Okay
I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm doing this one, Ray. The IP address. 172.17.0.12. Okay. So it'll password. Okay. Well, fabulous. Same. Okay. Well, yay. At least it's a new error, right? Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Find I will delete you. Please stop. And... Okay. Delete forever. Okay Okay. Hey, we are running. And we're gonna just re-talk this. Just in case. And we're gonna hit save. No, it's not. Literally is what I put. And copy you. Unpaced. Taste. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I think it showed it in here. Mm-hmm. Status. Status. Name. Oh. Hey, folks. We. I post gross as easy as you
Okay. Hey, we are running. And we're gonna just re-talk this. Just in case. And we're gonna hit save. No, it's not. Literally is what I put. And copy you. Unpaced. Taste. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I think it showed it in here. Mm-hmm. Status. Status. Name. Oh. Hey, folks. We. I post gross as easy as you Okay. Please be my friend. Please be my friend. Jesus. Never. We did it. Yay. And only took two hours. Yay. Oh. Oh, I like this. I like this a lot. Okay. Well, I will go back and do that. And. Oh, I've got to end the stream soon anyway. Okay. I'm saying to go out. But hey, we got it connected
Okay. Please be my friend. Please be my friend. Jesus. Never. We did it. Yay. And only took two hours. Yay. Oh. Oh, I like this. I like this a lot. Okay. Well, I will go back and do that. And. Oh, I've got to end the stream soon anyway. Okay. I'm saying to go out. But hey, we got it connected We got to step two. Which was a little crazy. Because. Okay. So we got steps two. Next. Next stream. Okay. Did I try it? Did I try it? Did I try it? Well, this. This part of the process. Locally. Took like an hour and a half. And I did not get it connected properly. Well, I think I did
We got to step two. Which was a little crazy. Because. Okay. So we got steps two. Next. Next stream. Okay. Did I try it? Did I try it? Did I try it? Well, this. This part of the process. Locally. Took like an hour and a half. And I did not get it connected properly. Well, I think I did I think I did. I think I did. I think you. I think you. I think you for the follow is. It's definitely something that I love. This is group. Participation and learning. Oh, that is very true. That is very true. Are y'all on Twitter? I'll tag you when I go live next
I think I did. I think I did. I think you. I think you. I think you for the follow is. It's definitely something that I love. This is group. Participation and learning. Oh, that is very true. That is very true. Are y'all on Twitter? I'll tag you when I go live next You're at least going to see what happens with the adventure. I'll just. I'll just. I'll just. That's on my to do list of. So I'll just. Yay. I don't want round anymore. I put it in different colors. It. I'm a trucker. Yeah. We'll go with. Coral. Coral. Yeah, let's go with coral. And. Yay
You're at least going to see what happens with the adventure. I'll just. I'll just. I'll just. That's on my to do list of. So I'll just. Yay. I don't want round anymore. I put it in different colors. It. I'm a trucker. Yeah. We'll go with. Coral. Coral. Yeah, let's go with coral. And. Yay And. Yay. I'm not great at like. Drawing. So you guys will get. Nancy thinks that way. Yay. What hit me up? Oh, I can give you guys. The disc would in for me. I'm going to stop sharing my screen though because. Just like looking at that thing is. No, no, no, no. I want this one. Yay. I'm going to
And. Yay. I'm not great at like. Drawing. So you guys will get. Nancy thinks that way. Yay. What hit me up? Oh, I can give you guys. The disc would in for me. I'm going to stop sharing my screen though because. Just like looking at that thing is. No, no, no, no. I want this one. Yay. I'm going to Yay. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. Where is my discord? I don't know where my discord is. There we go. I thought I would copy it. There you go. It's good. Ed me. I'm totally going to put you in a group chat
Yay. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. Where is my discord? I don't know where my discord is. There we go. I thought I would copy it. There you go. It's good. Ed me. I'm totally going to put you in a group chat It is something that a lot of people have been like, John, do you have discord? I'm like. Yes. Yes. Enjoy your time. Thank you all for joining. I'm going to see. Oh, hey. Because of y'all. We hit followers. I'm going to see if there is anybody to read to. That's cool
It is something that a lot of people have been like, John, do you have discord? I'm like. Yes. Yes. Enjoy your time. Thank you all for joining. I'm going to see. Oh, hey. Because of y'all. We hit followers. I'm going to see if there is anybody to read to. That's cool That's cool. So if you guys feel like, you know, stick it around. You at least get somebody cool to watch. I'm going to follow anybody. That's streaming right now. Oh, but there's a remix react. Full stack with somebody named dollar dojo. They sound fun. Right. We're going to follow them
That's cool. So if you guys feel like, you know, stick it around. You at least get somebody cool to watch. I'm going to follow anybody. That's streaming right now. Oh, but there's a remix react. Full stack with somebody named dollar dojo. They sound fun. Right. We're going to follow them And if you all feel like hanging out still. I'm going to read you over there. That sounds fun. Maybe. Maybe I will. I don't know. I always feel like it's hard to tell if somebody has their favorite story or not. Hm, hm, hm. Yay
And if you all feel like hanging out still. I'm going to read you over there. That sounds fun. Maybe. Maybe I will. I don't know. I always feel like it's hard to tell if somebody has their favorite story or not. Hm, hm, hm. Yay Hm, hm, hm. Yay. Do you see, do you see, do you? Because we got to wait for ready to raid. I don't know how people must be tasked this and do it. Okay. Bye.
Hm, hm, hm. Yay. Do you see, do you see, do you? Because we got to wait for ready to raid. I don't know how people must be tasked this and do it. Okay. Bye.