Welcome to another episode of Teach Shandtuck. Today is day three of working on setting up postgres. It's been interesting. It's been a learning journey, and I appreciate everybody that has come along this journey with me for those new to Teach Shandtuck Please click follow if you are watching along on Twitch if you are on YouTube, subscribe, like all those things, and for all the beautiful humans that already do, thank you
Please click follow if you are watching along on Twitch if you are on YouTube, subscribe, like all those things, and for all the beautiful humans that already do, thank you I appreciate it, and I'm here to either find the question, or answer to the question, go find it, find someone who can help me through it, and learn live, so that way you can see what other people struggle with and ask your questions when I have experts on the show
I appreciate it, and I'm here to either find the question, or answer to the question, go find it, find someone who can help me through it, and learn live, so that way you can see what other people struggle with and ask your questions when I have experts on the show Yay, all right, so, I need to put these in the chat. Do you remember this? So if you're looking to check out previous episodes, here it is, and what up Anthony? Yes. That was the longest space ever. I was like, I gotta go do my stream
Yay, all right, so, I need to put these in the chat. Do you remember this? So if you're looking to check out previous episodes, here it is, and what up Anthony? Yes. That was the longest space ever. I was like, I gotta go do my stream So I gotta drop, and for those who don't know, Anthony is a host of JavaScript Jam, owner, person? I don't know what your title is, you're a human of JavaScript Jam. Do you do JavaScript Jam? Oh, wow, oh, that's fun. Oh, that's fun. Ask Anthony anything. I like it, I like it
So I gotta drop, and for those who don't know, Anthony is a host of JavaScript Jam, owner, person? I don't know what your title is, you're a human of JavaScript Jam. Do you do JavaScript Jam? Oh, wow, oh, that's fun. Oh, that's fun. Ask Anthony anything. I like it, I like it That was a very, very long space. Did it just end? Because I looked at it like right before I started streaming, and it was still going. Which is kind of bananas, but I'm not sure if I'm gonna get it. Which is kind of bananas to me
That was a very, very long space. Did it just end? Because I looked at it like right before I started streaming, and it was still going. Which is kind of bananas, but I'm not sure if I'm gonna get it. Which is kind of bananas to me Oh, oh, I bet Ryan did, because you were joining the stream so often earlier. I think, I don't know. I don't know. Friends, show us up, we can ask him. Or homey, only miss homey. Homey might have made it. But yeah, that, you had a lot of good conversations in it. I did it
Oh, oh, I bet Ryan did, because you were joining the stream so often earlier. I think, I don't know. I don't know. Friends, show us up, we can ask him. Or homey, only miss homey. Homey might have made it. But yeah, that, you had a lot of good conversations in it. I did it I did it. And I hope that people learned a lot about how to handle going to a conference, because they're scary and difficult. You need to need to need to need to need to. Oh, yeah, I probably love both of them together. And you sell. I actually know I didn't paste it. Okay, I gotta paste this
I did it. And I hope that people learned a lot about how to handle going to a conference, because they're scary and difficult. You need to need to need to need to need to. Oh, yeah, I probably love both of them together. And you sell. I actually know I didn't paste it. Okay, I gotta paste this Paste. All right, so Anthony, I know you know where to find my content, but in case anybody needs to know that is where they can go find it on YouTube. What I went through last week and what we're gonna see if I can figure out, or this week, lots of the grow out
Paste. All right, so Anthony, I know you know where to find my content, but in case anybody needs to know that is where they can go find it on YouTube. What I went through last week and what we're gonna see if I can figure out, or this week, lots of the grow out Yeah, I still have to figure out how, yeah. Yeah, there's a lot. Here's a lot. I love my new job. It's so fun. It is, it definitely gets me busy, and there's so much to learn, which is great and scary
Yeah, I still have to figure out how, yeah. Yeah, there's a lot. Here's a lot. I love my new job. It's so fun. It is, it definitely gets me busy, and there's so much to learn, which is great and scary Ma'am, did you know we were just talking about you? Is that like why you were like, yo, I'm gonna show up. Like I want to talk, I know they're talking about me. I feel like that. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Anthony has a cool command, and we don't know who made it. Okay. I am. This is my to do list
Ma'am, did you know we were just talking about you? Is that like why you were like, yo, I'm gonna show up. Like I want to talk, I know they're talking about me. I feel like that. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Anthony has a cool command, and we don't know who made it. Okay. I am. This is my to do list I should move like what we did last week. Hey, I'm just do this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I thought that was so cool. Who's happy? Thank you for making it, because I do ask Anthony a lot of random things
I should move like what we did last week. Hey, I'm just do this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I thought that was so cool. Who's happy? Thank you for making it, because I do ask Anthony a lot of random things Probably the other out of, I do like the Kiana ones, but I feel like the other really cool command is a clicking one. I don't even remember what the command is, but that I clicked too much, or I clicked, I don't even remember what it's called, but it always makes me giggle when I see it. Okay
Probably the other out of, I do like the Kiana ones, but I feel like the other really cool command is a clicking one. I don't even remember what the command is, but that I clicked too much, or I clicked, I don't even remember what it's called, but it always makes me giggle when I see it. Okay Okay. We can see here. And these are here. Change the pin killer. Do you do? Oh, Anthony, I don't know if you saw this last week. I finally got my iPad and I can use it here. I'm pretty sure you did because anybody that was joining any stream, I was like, oh, you have to see this
Okay. We can see here. And these are here. Change the pin killer. Do you do? Oh, Anthony, I don't know if you saw this last week. I finally got my iPad and I can use it here. I'm pretty sure you did because anybody that was joining any stream, I was like, oh, you have to see this But I feel excited about it, because it makes me a lot more productive. And that looks a weird online. Oh, nice. Okay. Would you? Not that, not that twice. Go back, go back. Do, do, do. Oh. Good luck, Ryan. But yeah, like chime in if you hear anything you want to know more of. Oh, yeah
But I feel excited about it, because it makes me a lot more productive. And that looks a weird online. Oh, nice. Okay. Would you? Not that, not that twice. Go back, go back. Do, do, do. Oh. Good luck, Ryan. But yeah, like chime in if you hear anything you want to know more of. Oh, yeah Oh, yeah. I'm not great at always watching other people streams. Like I tried to go to them when I can, but like it's a lot of times when I'm like, you may not see me from months then. Let's see. So week one. Was set up. Local. Equals. Matt. Cool. That was cool. Yeah. Week two. Is
Oh, yeah. I'm not great at always watching other people streams. Like I tried to go to them when I can, but like it's a lot of times when I'm like, you may not see me from months then. Let's see. So week one. Was set up. Local. Equals. Matt. Cool. That was cool. Yeah. Week two. Is Yeah. Week two. Is. How many do you attend normally? Like how many do you see per week or go through? And for everybody joining. I am setting up postgres. I'm going to continue setting up postgres, but I'm working on writing out what I have done and what I'll be doing today
Yeah. Week two. Is. How many do you attend normally? Like how many do you see per week or go through? And for everybody joining. I am setting up postgres. I'm going to continue setting up postgres, but I'm working on writing out what I have done and what I'll be doing today And I like to share my notes on my iPad. So I don't look so weird just looking down. I'm talking to myself. Everyone else can see it too. Anthony, there's like, oh. Yes. Yes. No, like. Oh, yeah, what up? Jonah, how's it going? Jonah, photo. Joe. Jonah
And I like to share my notes on my iPad. So I don't look so weird just looking down. I'm talking to myself. Everyone else can see it too. Anthony, there's like, oh. Yes. Yes. No, like. Oh, yeah, what up? Jonah, how's it going? Jonah, photo. Joe. Jonah Joe. Jonah. How would you like me to say that? I like defaulted to Jonah, but I'm not 100% sure. And. Yeah, Anthony, how many streams a week do you try to attend? Because yes. I feel like I can almost always find people that I know that are streaming or. Podcasting or. Have new videos out
Joe. Jonah. How would you like me to say that? I like defaulted to Jonah, but I'm not 100% sure. And. Yeah, Anthony, how many streams a week do you try to attend? Because yes. I feel like I can almost always find people that I know that are streaming or. Podcasting or. Have new videos out And I don't catch up. Enough. Last week. What do we do last week? I can write this down. We said. Okay. Yay. And. Oh, no, but. Yeah. Okay. And. It's all. Yes. Anybody's curious. I keep wanting to put like two asses in post-cross sequel. Jonah, photo. Jonah, photo. Jonah, photo. John. John
And I don't catch up. Enough. Last week. What do we do last week? I can write this down. We said. Okay. Yay. And. Oh, no, but. Yeah. Okay. And. It's all. Yes. Anybody's curious. I keep wanting to put like two asses in post-cross sequel. Jonah, photo. Jonah, photo. Jonah, photo. John. John John. John. I thought to. John. Why is it if I still try to spell it out? I'm horrible at it. John. I thought to. I hope that is close. And Anthony. That's fair. Oh. Yeah. I'm still bad at like even doing two or three. But I cut back on my streams
John. John. I thought to. John. Why is it if I still try to spell it out? I'm horrible at it. John. I thought to. I hope that is close. And Anthony. That's fair. Oh. Yeah. I'm still bad at like even doing two or three. But I cut back on my streams So I think I'll have more time for other streamers. Because I. I definitely. I. So thank you. I think I was going to print out as many as they were. Going on and trying to keep up with all the content I had going on. Thank you John. Yeah. That is something that I. I wish I was better about. Is
So I think I'll have more time for other streamers. Because I. I definitely. I. So thank you. I think I was going to print out as many as they were. Going on and trying to keep up with all the content I had going on. Thank you John. Yeah. That is something that I. I wish I was better about. Is Is. Same people seems properly. I have a dear friend who too this day, I still say her name wrong. It's, you know, a working progress. Oh! And any smart, that is smart. I like it. And in the morning and background. And laughingly dead was a set of keys. I was a set of key
Is. Same people seems properly. I have a dear friend who too this day, I still say her name wrong. It's, you know, a working progress. Oh! And any smart, that is smart. I like it. And in the morning and background. And laughingly dead was a set of keys. I was a set of key I was a set of key. Oh, PG admin helps if I can. Client. Okay. And. It sounds weird, but even if people aren't replying, it does make me. I feel like I feel like a better streamer when I at least see numbers there. So I know that I'm not talking to myself
I was a set of key. Oh, PG admin helps if I can. Client. Okay. And. It sounds weird, but even if people aren't replying, it does make me. I feel like I feel like a better streamer when I at least see numbers there. So I know that I'm not talking to myself I don't know if that's how it is for anybody else. Okay. Me three. I don't know what color that was. I think this color. Sure. Yeah. Do a bright color in this week. Right. So. Let's see how well I remember what I did last week. And. Okay. Yeah. There's something
I don't know if that's how it is for anybody else. Okay. Me three. I don't know what color that was. I think this color. Sure. Yeah. Do a bright color in this week. Right. So. Let's see how well I remember what I did last week. And. Okay. Yeah. There's something There's something. I'm curious for those who are here, those aren't lurking. When did you first start using Docker and like what did you first use it for? Like what was your first experience with it? Yeah. Oh yeah, let's do an update. Yeah. That was exciting. Oh
There's something. I'm curious for those who are here, those aren't lurking. When did you first start using Docker and like what did you first use it for? Like what was your first experience with it? Yeah. Oh yeah, let's do an update. Yeah. That was exciting. Oh Oh. Anthony, you're doing a no doubt that does not surprise me. And Brian, you've never used it. Have you been curious about it or learned about it yet? I'm, I'm still working on like understanding the differences and why somebody would use Docker versus Kubernetes and all of that
Oh. Anthony, you're doing a no doubt that does not surprise me. And Brian, you've never used it. Have you been curious about it or learned about it yet? I'm, I'm still working on like understanding the differences and why somebody would use Docker versus Kubernetes and all of that But I've noticed that a lot of people may not have ever used it, but are very aware of what it is. I'll look at you, Anthony. Me. I'm going to show it on screen. You sent it in the chat. So I'm sharing. Ooh. This is cool
But I've noticed that a lot of people may not have ever used it, but are very aware of what it is. I'll look at you, Anthony. Me. I'm going to show it on screen. You sent it in the chat. So I'm sharing. Ooh. This is cool Ooh. This is cool. Docker is really, really important to learn because you can basically ignore Kubernetes unless you work on an enterprise company. Yeah, of course, it's free advertising. This is cool
Ooh. This is cool. Docker is really, really important to learn because you can basically ignore Kubernetes unless you work on an enterprise company. Yeah, of course, it's free advertising. This is cool This is cool. And I love that others do this type of work because that is something that I've, I've learned since Anthony was like one of the first people that were ever on the stream and that I first met that we all learn very, very differently
This is cool. And I love that others do this type of work because that is something that I've, I've learned since Anthony was like one of the first people that were ever on the stream and that I first met that we all learn very, very differently So like something like this is going to be helpful if I were somebody that's really good at reading direction. I'm giggling because Josh when he's on my stream, Josh Goldberg does every other Friday with me about typescripts. And he gets mad at me when I don't read stuff
So like something like this is going to be helpful if I were somebody that's really good at reading direction. I'm giggling because Josh when he's on my stream, Josh Goldberg does every other Friday with me about typescripts. And he gets mad at me when I don't read stuff And I'm like, it's because I just, I like to try to figure it out first. And yeah, he gets mad at me about that. All right
And I'm like, it's because I just, I like to try to figure it out first. And yeah, he gets mad at me about that. All right All right. John, my first major shift in development with Docker was replacing a ton of setup local developer machine scripts with a Docker containers, not maintaining Andy bugging that amount of local dev environment differences saves a ton of time. That is fair. That is fair
All right. John, my first major shift in development with Docker was replacing a ton of setup local developer machine scripts with a Docker containers, not maintaining Andy bugging that amount of local dev environment differences saves a ton of time. That is fair. That is fair That is fair. And Anthony, if you followed each step, you would be fine. It's almost impossible to mess it up, even if you don't read it. That's fair. That is fair. I am very much a clicky clicky person
That is fair. And Anthony, if you followed each step, you would be fine. It's almost impossible to mess it up, even if you don't read it. That's fair. That is fair. I am very much a clicky clicky person I'm just going to try to click it and see if I can get it working, which is definitely like a learning in its own right. It can be very, very frustrating for other people to see this because they're like, do just follow the instructions. I don't blame them
I'm just going to try to click it and see if I can get it working, which is definitely like a learning in its own right. It can be very, very frustrating for other people to see this because they're like, do just follow the instructions. I don't blame them I don't blame them. I 100% do not blame them for getting frustrated with it. For myself, though, it's like, I want to see if I get if it's intuitive and then see how I get to the next step if I get stuck because I will remember things longer
I don't blame them. I 100% do not blame them for getting frustrated with it. For myself, though, it's like, I want to see if I get if it's intuitive and then see how I get to the next step if I get stuck because I will remember things longer If I do it that way, then if I follow instructions and a lot of times with video, I do watch videos for other things outside of the tech world. Like, if I want to, what's the thing that I've seen if different ways of running Genshin Impact. If I can and do and walk through there, I do that a lot
If I do it that way, then if I follow instructions and a lot of times with video, I do watch videos for other things outside of the tech world. Like, if I want to, what's the thing that I've seen if different ways of running Genshin Impact. If I can and do and walk through there, I do that a lot If you all have a plate Genshin Impact, it's a dicking. And I just bootcamped my other computer so I can play it on my computer. I'm excited to do that tonight. And Anthony, it's useful to do the just seeing if it's intuitive, messing around if we can figure it out
If you all have a plate Genshin Impact, it's a dicking. And I just bootcamped my other computer so I can play it on my computer. I'm excited to do that tonight. And Anthony, it's useful to do the just seeing if it's intuitive, messing around if we can figure it out If you already have context, but it can waste a lot of time if not actually teach you anything. If you just go down the rabbit hole on a bug for hours, 100%, 100%
If you already have context, but it can waste a lot of time if not actually teach you anything. If you just go down the rabbit hole on a bug for hours, 100%, 100% Last week, I was sharing a mirror board about like all the steps that I'm going through and some like one of the first steps of like things to try to do just let all of this up. Let me actually show this on the screen was to set up postgres local
Last week, I was sharing a mirror board about like all the steps that I'm going through and some like one of the first steps of like things to try to do just let all of this up. Let me actually show this on the screen was to set up postgres local One of the hardest things about doing that for myself was going to postgres site and just trying to like, you know, figure it out and install it
One of the hardest things about doing that for myself was going to postgres site and just trying to like, you know, figure it out and install it And what I didn't know is that you still need to have you need to install it locally and then you still, so you need your server and you need your client. Where it was like, you're not going to know that. Okay, cool. And but I purposely didn't do any research before these streams
And what I didn't know is that you still need to have you need to install it locally and then you still, so you need your server and you need your client. Where it was like, you're not going to know that. Okay, cool. And but I purposely didn't do any research before these streams Yes, they will take me longer. And it is frustrating yet. I'm also wanting to learn and get into how to learn these things because I think that's a big thing about breaking into tech is people get really stuck and don't know how to get unstuck based on their learning styles
Yes, they will take me longer. And it is frustrating yet. I'm also wanting to learn and get into how to learn these things because I think that's a big thing about breaking into tech is people get really stuck and don't know how to get unstuck based on their learning styles Anthony, you're not wrong about it. I do have feedback for them. I will write it out. Maybe I'll blog it like, hey, if I knew this, this is what I would do if I were just sending the postgres, but hey, it was a start
Anthony, you're not wrong about it. I do have feedback for them. I will write it out. Maybe I'll blog it like, hey, if I knew this, this is what I would do if I were just sending the postgres, but hey, it was a start I did some things and I wasted like an hour and a half due in that because it wasn't, it wasn't the right direction. I wanted to go yet. It wasn't a waste because I learned right. I needed to learn. And last week was being clicking around Docker for a while, which was really awkward
I did some things and I wasted like an hour and a half due in that because it wasn't, it wasn't the right direction. I wanted to go yet. It wasn't a waste because I learned right. I needed to learn. And last week was being clicking around Docker for a while, which was really awkward And we had some really dope people joined the stream last week. And like, I think two of them were like, this admins and they were like, what did you do? They were experiencing the I break shit
And we had some really dope people joined the stream last week. And like, I think two of them were like, this admins and they were like, what did you do? They were experiencing the I break shit And then I tried to figure it out and other people are like, what did you do? So you actually got these set up and now I have to remember what this one. Yeah, it's set up. Let's see if I remember this. Yeah
And then I tried to figure it out and other people are like, what did you do? So you actually got these set up and now I have to remember what this one. Yeah, it's set up. Let's see if I remember this. Yeah Yeah. Anthony, this is why you write blog post because the official docs are missing kind of steps. Your Docker blog posts is more thorough than any of your anything in Docker docs is just an end to toil. And I think that's a good call out like in my opinion, docs are not very accessible
Yeah. Anthony, this is why you write blog post because the official docs are missing kind of steps. Your Docker blog posts is more thorough than any of your anything in Docker docs is just an end to toil. And I think that's a good call out like in my opinion, docs are not very accessible But it's also totally opinion. Hey, okay, no, I don't want to change it because yes, I do want to save it. And I don't remember what we did. We had it working last time. Fair enough
But it's also totally opinion. Hey, okay, no, I don't want to change it because yes, I do want to save it. And I don't remember what we did. We had it working last time. Fair enough Fair enough. I think Anthony, that's that's something that I need to clarify is I don't think it's necessarily who writes the dots, but it's the fact that they're written because I may not always have the opportunity to do text to speech
Fair enough. I think Anthony, that's that's something that I need to clarify is I don't think it's necessarily who writes the dots, but it's the fact that they're written because I may not always have the opportunity to do text to speech To help me comprehend it because it does take longer than a lot of people that can scan and do things like scan through the text find it really quick
To help me comprehend it because it does take longer than a lot of people that can scan and do things like scan through the text find it really quick I skipped so many lines or just can populate the words that it makes it really hard to use docs in general, like blogs and general no matter who writes it. I struggle with that
I skipped so many lines or just can populate the words that it makes it really hard to use docs in general, like blogs and general no matter who writes it. I struggle with that And one thing that I've learned that has become incredibly helpful is like if I'm like reading one of your blogs of listening to it while I'm reading it
And one thing that I've learned that has become incredibly helpful is like if I'm like reading one of your blogs of listening to it while I'm reading it So that way, especially for tools like natural reader, they will highlight the word while it's being read to me so I can actually learn it a lot easier. And I just wish I knew that back in my high school because I would have known so much more and not felt so dumb. I feel, I don't know
So that way, especially for tools like natural reader, they will highlight the word while it's being read to me so I can actually learn it a lot easier. And I just wish I knew that back in my high school because I would have known so much more and not felt so dumb. I feel, I don't know Yeah, that is very true. And it's all about stories. I really did like how y'all and for those who are just joining, I was at a Twitter space earlier with Anthony that is JavaScript jam
Yeah, that is very true. And it's all about stories. I really did like how y'all and for those who are just joining, I was at a Twitter space earlier with Anthony that is JavaScript jam And they were having everyone from react not everyone, but a lot of people from react Miami joined and it was pretty cool because we were able to hear from a lot of the speakers. And I really liked Ryan's and talking about how storytelling is so important. I think it's Ryan McGoong
And they were having everyone from react not everyone, but a lot of people from react Miami joined and it was pretty cool because we were able to hear from a lot of the speakers. And I really liked Ryan's and talking about how storytelling is so important. I think it's Ryan McGoong We're going to go with maybe that's how you say it. I will put their Twitter too. I live as Twitter as my default. But yet you can always Google them somewhere else. And if you want an introduction, let me know. I don't know all these people, but you know I can
We're going to go with maybe that's how you say it. I will put their Twitter too. I live as Twitter as my default. But yet you can always Google them somewhere else. And if you want an introduction, let me know. I don't know all these people, but you know I can All right, now I have to remember things. What did I do last time? Yeah, let's just text some stuff. Okay, we got that going. I don't need that. Okay, well, I need to reset it up because. I don't see my server in here anymore. Oh, it is. I just had to find it. Okay, that was exciting
All right, now I have to remember things. What did I do last time? Yeah, let's just text some stuff. Okay, we got that going. I don't need that. Okay, well, I need to reset it up because. I don't see my server in here anymore. Oh, it is. I just had to find it. Okay, that was exciting I don't know if that was exciting for any of you, but this was exciting. This is my first time like looking at this because last time I was streaming last week about Postgres, I was
I don't know if that was exciting for any of you, but this was exciting. This is my first time like looking at this because last time I was streaming last week about Postgres, I was We just wanted to get to the admin working and we were there for like two hours trying to get this thing figured out. And once we got it working out, it was just like, okay, yay done because I was so bring good at that point. So this week I'm actually going to go look for it. Look at it
We just wanted to get to the admin working and we were there for like two hours trying to get this thing figured out. And once we got it working out, it was just like, okay, yay done because I was so bring good at that point. So this week I'm actually going to go look for it. Look at it Look at it. That means I can make this all small. And we can make this small. We can do that. There we go. D, D, D, D. Okay, cool. So that way y'all can still see my notes. What up Mr. Robot, how's it going? Thank you for joining. This is our to do list this week is secure the connection
Look at it. That means I can make this all small. And we can make this small. We can do that. There we go. D, D, D, D. Okay, cool. So that way y'all can still see my notes. What up Mr. Robot, how's it going? Thank you for joining. This is our to do list this week is secure the connection Manage users and permissions and create. Genes and tables. I gotta be able to read my own handwriting. Wait. There's lots of databases. This is fun. If y'all had to choose a database, what database would you go with as your first database and why? I'm curious
Manage users and permissions and create. Genes and tables. I gotta be able to read my own handwriting. Wait. There's lots of databases. This is fun. If y'all had to choose a database, what database would you go with as your first database and why? I'm curious Ooh, and something that I asked last time. You know, don't worry about like asking too many questions. What? How's grass on railway? But then you would have to know railway. Oh, no, because that's another way of deploying it. Do you not need to have a client on? You not have to see that
Ooh, and something that I asked last time. You know, don't worry about like asking too many questions. What? How's grass on railway? But then you would have to know railway. Oh, no, because that's another way of deploying it. Do you not need to have a client on? You not have to see that What? Oh, this is crazy. And Mr. Robot, I am doing good. Thank you. I'm excited about working through this because I need to start making my how-to videos. Oh. Okay, this is just going to hard core distract me. So we're going to go back to this tab. Anthony, stop trying to distract me
What? Oh, this is crazy. And Mr. Robot, I am doing good. Thank you. I'm excited about working through this because I need to start making my how-to videos. Oh. Okay, this is just going to hard core distract me. So we're going to go back to this tab. Anthony, stop trying to distract me I need to come through this. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm back. I don't know what just happened. I'm going to go back to this tab. Am I left for y'all? Because everything just froze out and glitched on me. So hopefully it's still working. I'm going to go with it still working. I don't know what happened
I need to come through this. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm back. I don't know what just happened. I'm going to go back to this tab. Am I left for y'all? Because everything just froze out and glitched on me. So hopefully it's still working. I'm going to go with it still working. I don't know what happened But. Okay. So Anthony, I think you missed it last week of Josh joined my stream, like half an hour into it. And I had no idea that I did not have audio for the first 30 minutes of my stream. That is talented. So. Yay. Thank you for the follow. Okay
But. Okay. So Anthony, I think you missed it last week of Josh joined my stream, like half an hour into it. And I had no idea that I did not have audio for the first 30 minutes of my stream. That is talented. So. Yay. Thank you for the follow. Okay Okay. Not getting distracted by links that Anthony sends me. Okay. So there is login and group roles. That is manage users. I'm guessing it might be for there create schemas and tables. Guesting table spaces. Or schemas. Okay. And again, for anybody that is joining, I am definitely
Okay. Not getting distracted by links that Anthony sends me. Okay. So there is login and group roles. That is manage users. I'm guessing it might be for there create schemas and tables. Guesting table spaces. Or schemas. Okay. And again, for anybody that is joining, I am definitely I'm going to click around until I can see if I can figure it out. If not, then I will look things up. So. Feel free to give any feedback or like ideas or anything. I will Google the things soon. Generally, I'm amazed that things are just right, you. Maybe not for properties security. Oh
I'm going to click around until I can see if I can figure it out. If not, then I will look things up. So. Feel free to give any feedback or like ideas or anything. I will Google the things soon. Generally, I'm amazed that things are just right, you. Maybe not for properties security. Oh Oh. I just like looking. Clingy. I need to write down the steps. This is not something I did last time. Anthony, look, I do listen to you. Now I just need to implement it. So... We need to... Hmm... We need to... We should... Doctor? Um... I..
Oh. I just like looking. Clingy. I need to write down the steps. This is not something I did last time. Anthony, look, I do listen to you. Now I just need to implement it. So... We need to... Hmm... We need to... We should... Doctor? Um... I... Doctor? Um... I... I'm not great at documenting what I'm doing, but yes it has. I actually work on writing down the steps I do or what I need to do better. So... Um... It would save me time if I implemented it. I don't always do that. So... I'm just going to do a little bit of editing. So..
. Doctor? Um... I... I'm not great at documenting what I'm doing, but yes it has. I actually work on writing down the steps I do or what I need to do better. So... Um... It would save me time if I implemented it. I don't always do that. So... I'm just going to do a little bit of editing. So.. So... So that's what we did for years. And then second... We... Um... WAN. Well, it's actually a good question. What is this called? We RAM the containers. Play the containers. Ram the containers. First paste. And... P-G-Admin. Oh, y'all can't see because I'm blocking stuff. That would help. Uh..
So... So that's what we did for years. And then second... We... Um... WAN. Well, it's actually a good question. What is this called? We RAM the containers. Play the containers. Ram the containers. First paste. And... P-G-Admin. Oh, y'all can't see because I'm blocking stuff. That would help. Uh.. Uh... PD Admin. Container. Container. And then three. Hmm. Hmm. Wow. I don't know if I actually needed to run this. Uh... Because I did... The three. Back. P-G-Admin. Quartz. And login. Or... Was... We did the things. We lent you... Service. And... And the left... And the servers... Shows. Tap one
Uh... PD Admin. Container. Container. And then three. Hmm. Hmm. Wow. I don't know if I actually needed to run this. Uh... Because I did... The three. Back. P-G-Admin. Quartz. And login. Or... Was... We did the things. We lent you... Service. And... And the left... And the servers... Shows. Tap one.. Shows. Tap one. Set up. And the last week. We... That's going to be a one-on-one now. Dada, dada, dada, dada, dot. Maybe... This... We opened. Yay. I don't know if this command was actually helpful, or if I just ran it, go back to this and forget
.. Shows. Tap one. Set up. And the last week. We... That's going to be a one-on-one now. Dada, dada, dada, dada, dot. Maybe... This... We opened. Yay. I don't know if this command was actually helpful, or if I just ran it, go back to this and forget So maybe this can end up and I should probably make sure that I can just read what that says. Command. There we go. The twest. Doctor. The spex... ... downloading the text here. um.... ...wonder.... ...wondery nam... ...mean... ...were... ...fastest. Okay. Go on! Yaay
So maybe this can end up and I should probably make sure that I can just read what that says. Command. There we go. The twest. Doctor. The spex... ... downloading the text here. um.... ...wonder.... ...wondery nam... ...mean... ...were... ...fastest. Okay. Go on! Yaay Okay. Go on! Yaay. Like it's a scallop on what I previously did. Which is it's all we did not want that. We want that. Yay. Okay, cool. So with this, we, I went clicking around up here. Depends, you. I don't have a calendar up here. My next solo stream. I don't know
Okay. Go on! Yaay. Like it's a scallop on what I previously did. Which is it's all we did not want that. We want that. Yay. Okay, cool. So with this, we, I went clicking around up here. Depends, you. I don't have a calendar up here. My next solo stream. I don't know I don't know. I'm kind of been like a very hitter mess. I know next week. Oh, y'all should be excited about next week. I got setting up APIs with postmen and then like the basics of APIs. Like I know how to run APIs, but I don't always remember what stuff is called
I don't know. I'm kind of been like a very hitter mess. I know next week. Oh, y'all should be excited about next week. I got setting up APIs with postmen and then like the basics of APIs. Like I know how to run APIs, but I don't always remember what stuff is called So I'm really excited about that one. And then also going further into the basics of data. And that's on Tuesday and Wednesday. So. I don't know. I might stream Monday or Thursday or the weekend. I'm just basically streaming on these ones when I can
So I'm really excited about that one. And then also going further into the basics of data. And that's on Tuesday and Wednesday. So. I don't know. I might stream Monday or Thursday or the weekend. I'm just basically streaming on these ones when I can So if you want to come on and talk about Docker, you just let me know. And we will figure it out. Because I could always use some help with Docker. It is very confusing. Like. I know you're getting off the screen, but I do want to show you this. Oh, Nourpine is a cool person that helped last week
So if you want to come on and talk about Docker, you just let me know. And we will figure it out. Because I could always use some help with Docker. It is very confusing. Like. I know you're getting off the screen, but I do want to show you this. Oh, Nourpine is a cool person that helped last week So did Vardahoff and Firefixie. They were all super dope. But like if you are going to come on to the stream, Anthony, these are some of the questions. Like containers, images, volumes. What are they? What are they? What are all these things? So
So did Vardahoff and Firefixie. They were all super dope. But like if you are going to come on to the stream, Anthony, these are some of the questions. Like containers, images, volumes. What are they? What are they? What are all these things? So Excited for you to join sometime and they'll schedule that later. And thank you. We. There we go. Well, yeah. But you know me. I like to like know these things. So we'll talk. We'll talk. We'll figure it out. Okay. So step five
Excited for you to join sometime and they'll schedule that later. And thank you. We. There we go. Well, yeah. But you know me. I like to like know these things. So we'll talk. We'll talk. We'll figure it out. Okay. So step five Okay. So step five. Because Anthony is always distracting me with other things going on, which happens. And I appreciate it because you always like teaching me new things. Okay. That is fair. Okay, bye. Okay. So I feel like I figured this out and now I have to find it again. No, no, no, no
Okay. So step five. Because Anthony is always distracting me with other things going on, which happens. And I appreciate it because you always like teaching me new things. Okay. That is fair. Okay, bye. Okay. So I feel like I figured this out and now I have to find it again. No, no, no, no No, no, no, no. Okay, that is definitely because I find it earlier. Okay. It's because I didn't have this server clicked. I got it. I got it. But no, I don't. Damn it. I'm not sure. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. I know y'all. Yeah, that's right. Now we are lonely clicking through these again
No, no, no, no. Okay, that is definitely because I find it earlier. Okay. It's because I didn't have this server clicked. I got it. I got it. But no, I don't. Damn it. I'm not sure. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. I know y'all. Yeah, that's right. Now we are lonely clicking through these again But I was like, I thought this was super easy to find it. No, I can't find it again. So I am doing what I thought I did earlier, but no. No, no. I don't know if I found this so well earlier. It looks super easy. Sure, I look like Risa at the layout. No, no, let's not do that. Just kidding
But I was like, I thought this was super easy to find it. No, I can't find it again. So I am doing what I thought I did earlier, but no. No, no. I don't know if I found this so well earlier. It looks super easy. Sure, I look like Risa at the layout. No, no, let's not do that. Just kidding Just kidding. Nope, not that. Sweet. I have session details. Security. It was under. Oh, it's because I have this clicked and I doesn't have security. But if I have post-cress clicked, it has security. So that is something worth going into. So. I think I clicked. So. And the rest. After. EG. Is
Just kidding. Nope, not that. Sweet. I have session details. Security. It was under. Oh, it's because I have this clicked and I doesn't have security. But if I have post-cress clicked, it has security. So that is something worth going into. So. I think I clicked. So. And the rest. After. EG. Is After. EG. Is. Not like that. Under. Siver. Click. It was. And. This. And. And. Second. We'll go with that. And. Sure. We're going to go with that is the instructions I have so far. I'm going to forget to do this. You all feel free to yell at me if you need me to move my screen
After. EG. Is. Not like that. Under. Siver. Click. It was. And. This. And. And. Second. We'll go with that. And. Sure. We're going to go with that is the instructions I have so far. I'm going to forget to do this. You all feel free to yell at me if you need me to move my screen I don't feel it would just be easier to do it like this. Ooh, I'm very giant. Move my coffee. It is four o'clock in the afternoon and I'm drinking coffee. I don't think I'm technically supposed to do this, but hey, it keeps me awake. I'm down. So we have security
I don't feel it would just be easier to do it like this. Ooh, I'm very giant. Move my coffee. It is four o'clock in the afternoon and I'm drinking coffee. I don't think I'm technically supposed to do this, but hey, it keeps me awake. I'm down. So we have security And we have default table privileges. Can't do anything with this. Okay. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. Good. Like. Thank you for not judging. I got to go to bed at 8 p.m. Because I got to wake up early early, but you know, it's 4 p.m
And we have default table privileges. Can't do anything with this. Okay. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. Good. Like. Thank you for not judging. I got to go to bed at 8 p.m. Because I got to wake up early early, but you know, it's 4 p.mm. And I'm totally it's kind of funny that you're doing because I was going to send you a message at some point. And be like, yo, I'm going to hit you up later because my chrome. It tells me a bunch of errors
m. And I'm totally it's kind of funny that you're doing because I was going to send you a message at some point. And be like, yo, I'm going to hit you up later because my chrome. It tells me a bunch of errors Is anyone is curious of the randomness I'm talking about? There is, oh, there are a lot of notifications on Twitter. I don't know why. Oh, because Anthony. That is normally what happens is because of Anthony. He's. That's. Yeah. So, because Anthony. So, this is what my
Is anyone is curious of the randomness I'm talking about? There is, oh, there are a lot of notifications on Twitter. I don't know why. Oh, because Anthony. That is normally what happens is because of Anthony. He's. That's. Yeah. So, because Anthony. So, this is what my Rouser randomly just does or doesn't do. It's super fun. And also. Y'all should. If you're curious about where I go to hang out. Is really cool discord server. It's like D and D and stuff. It's fun. I'm. Red guild. Y'all should just go follow the Twitter because it's cool
Rouser randomly just does or doesn't do. It's super fun. And also. Y'all should. If you're curious about where I go to hang out. Is really cool discord server. It's like D and D and stuff. It's fun. I'm. Red guild. Y'all should just go follow the Twitter because it's cool And Nick just as a other random thing I posted last week because. Roy was trying to help me out with this and I posted in in the light of. I'm not sure if it's. I'm not sure if it's. I'm not sure if it's. Or axis. Channel of like all the issues I was having
And Nick just as a other random thing I posted last week because. Roy was trying to help me out with this and I posted in in the light of. I'm not sure if it's. I'm not sure if it's. I'm not sure if it's. Or axis. Channel of like all the issues I was having So I will ask you about all of this later. Because at the moment it lets me do my thing. We'll see if it doesn't later. Okay. So. This is very giant. Can I miss? Yes, I can. Mm. Mm. Thank you. I appreciate that. You've always been so helpful. Nope. Nope. Nope. Okay. So that is all pencil. Okay
So I will ask you about all of this later. Because at the moment it lets me do my thing. We'll see if it doesn't later. Okay. So. This is very giant. Can I miss? Yes, I can. Mm. Mm. Thank you. I appreciate that. You've always been so helpful. Nope. Nope. Nope. Okay. So that is all pencil. Okay Okay. Okay. I'm really glad I'm writing direction. That would be funny. That would be interesting. So see you then. Click. Pencil. I'm using notability and I'm still learning how to like actually connect the like to do emoji and stuff. I drew an emoji the other day. It was pretty funny. Okay
Okay. Okay. I'm really glad I'm writing direction. That would be funny. That would be interesting. So see you then. Click. Pencil. I'm using notability and I'm still learning how to like actually connect the like to do emoji and stuff. I drew an emoji the other day. It was pretty funny. Okay Okay. So we click the pencil. And we're going to go to security. Oh. This isn't too hard. All right. Let's scroll this over. Okay. So. We are. In the. Let's see. Secure connection. Well. Secure connection. Okay. Guarantee. Oh. Okay. Grantee. Not guarantee. Okay. All. No
Okay. So we click the pencil. And we're going to go to security. Oh. This isn't too hard. All right. Let's scroll this over. Okay. So. We are. In the. Let's see. Secure connection. Well. Secure connection. Okay. Guarantee. Oh. Okay. Grantee. Not guarantee. Okay. All. No Okay. All. No. So everybody's still hanging out. What are you up to on this lovely morning evening night afternoon whenever you are hanging out with us? Yeah. Yeah. That's the question mark
Okay. All. No. So everybody's still hanging out. What are you up to on this lovely morning evening night afternoon whenever you are hanging out with us? Yeah. Yeah. That's the question mark You know, database that dialogue to define a modified database to create must be a daily super user or have create privileges. The database dialogue organizes the development of a database. The. All dialogue tabs. General definitions security and parameters
You know, database that dialogue to define a modified database to create must be a daily super user or have create privileges. The database dialogue organizes the development of a database. The. All dialogue tabs. General definitions security and parameters Use the database field to add descriptive name to the database. Okay. So. Huh. And now we Google. Now we Google. Because I'm seeing like this would work for privileges and security for. Like if we wanted to make it for a user. So I'm not. Security label what lights you up
Use the database field to add descriptive name to the database. Okay. So. Huh. And now we Google. Now we Google. Because I'm seeing like this would work for privileges and security for. Like if we wanted to make it for a user. So I'm not. Security label what lights you up Why is that an auto? I don't know. But I'm not seeing like how you would secure the connection and like other IP addresses. So. And now we Google. Okay. So. You do you do you. PG. Admin. Secure. Secure connection. So we're done connecting to a server established SSL connection
Why is that an auto? I don't know. But I'm not seeing like how you would secure the connection and like other IP addresses. So. And now we Google. Okay. So. You do you do you. PG. Admin. Secure. Secure connection. So we're done connecting to a server established SSL connection Oh, that does make more sense. Which. Leave. Now that was. SQL. Yay Jen for being dyslexic. I totally thought that said SSL. You know, there's there's things. So let's go back to the Google. Establish secure connection to postgres. Let's click this one. I'm just going to hit X. And
Oh, that does make more sense. Which. Leave. Now that was. SQL. Yay Jen for being dyslexic. I totally thought that said SSL. You know, there's there's things. So let's go back to the Google. Establish secure connection to postgres. Let's click this one. I'm just going to hit X. And And. There's looks much different than mine. So let's go out of that. Documentation. Hmm. So it does seem that it's. Or securing the connection. Or an SSL. Which does make sense. So that being said, I kind of want to go look around for something else then. Okay. Hmm. I think that just takes us
And. There's looks much different than mine. So let's go out of that. Documentation. Hmm. So it does seem that it's. Or securing the connection. Or an SSL. Which does make sense. So that being said, I kind of want to go look around for something else then. Okay. Hmm. I think that just takes us Yeah. Definition security. I think that's the only thing that's. Schema restriction. No. Okay. Cool. Back to the Google. Oh. Oh. Okay. So this is saying that I'm going to go move this over here as we figure it out. Let's get a new color. And we will call this. Okay. So this is saying that
Yeah. Definition security. I think that's the only thing that's. Schema restriction. No. Okay. Cool. Back to the Google. Oh. Oh. Okay. So this is saying that I'm going to go move this over here as we figure it out. Let's get a new color. And we will call this. Okay. So this is saying that Postgres. Has a need of support using SSL connections to encrypt the client server communications for increased security that requires an open SSL installed on both. With the FS cell support compiled and the postgres server. Can be started with SSL enabled by security
Postgres. Has a need of support using SSL connections to encrypt the client server communications for increased security that requires an open SSL installed on both. With the FS cell support compiled and the postgres server. Can be started with SSL enabled by security Granted by setting the parameter SSL on on postgres dot. Interesting. So I think that's a good thing. It's a good thing to have a postgres server. And for those who may be anywhere to
Granted by setting the parameter SSL on on postgres dot. Interesting. So I think that's a good thing. It's a good thing to have a postgres server. And for those who may be anywhere to This world of like the take your world, like if you're just coming to hang out and you're like, dude, I don't even know what an SSL is or what postgres is. That's fine. For work, I will be. Craving how to videos. And so
This world of like the take your world, like if you're just coming to hang out and you're like, dude, I don't even know what an SSL is or what postgres is. That's fine. For work, I will be. Craving how to videos. And so And so. I'm just figuring out as I go that being said, I'm familiar with an SSL because I used to work at go daddy, which sold domains. So if you wanted to get like, Jen, Jen, dot com, I went to go daddy and was like, yo, I want to buy that domain that domain needs to be meant. So it was available
And so. I'm just figuring out as I go that being said, I'm familiar with an SSL because I used to work at go daddy, which sold domains. So if you wanted to get like, Jen, Jen, dot com, I went to go daddy and was like, yo, I want to buy that domain that domain needs to be meant. So it was available So I bought it. And I built a website. I'll use my website for an example. So I bought it and I built a website, which is cool. I really like my website. It's on a stroke if you want to look it up. And but people may get like an alert saying that my site's not secure
So I bought it. And I built a website. I'll use my website for an example. So I bought it and I built a website, which is cool. I really like my website. It's on a stroke if you want to look it up. And but people may get like an alert saying that my site's not secure That is when this little padlock thing is not here. And I should have secure. Yay. So if it wasn't secure. You would get an error. So I know that's my understanding of an SSL secure socket layer
That is when this little padlock thing is not here. And I should have secure. Yay. So if it wasn't secure. You would get an error. So I know that's my understanding of an SSL secure socket layer There is a lot more going on there that I don't necessarily understand, but I need to stay on task and not go down a rabbit hole. It is difficult. It is very, very difficult not to go down rabbit hole. So I'm going to go down. Here by some parameter SSL on in the post growth
There is a lot more going on there that I don't necessarily understand, but I need to stay on task and not go down a rabbit hole. It is difficult. It is very, very difficult not to go down rabbit hole. So I'm going to go down. Here by some parameter SSL on in the post growth Equal and that can say comp. The server will listen to both normal SSL connections from the same port and negotiate anything within the client. So I'm going to set up the server to require SSL. Okay. The server reads. System on open SSL configuration file by default. This is named open SSL dot cnf
Equal and that can say comp. The server will listen to both normal SSL connections from the same port and negotiate anything within the client. So I'm going to set up the server to require SSL. Okay. The server reads. System on open SSL configuration file by default. This is named open SSL dot cnf And it's located in the directory reported by open SSL version. Okay. Yeah. This is why you don't like drinking them all. Like what? Okay. This is, this is, there, there's things going on here. So let's see if I can find other things that help explain what I'm doing. All right
And it's located in the directory reported by open SSL version. Okay. Yeah. This is why you don't like drinking them all. Like what? Okay. This is, this is, there, there's things going on here. So let's see if I can find other things that help explain what I'm doing. All right All right. And if I'm going to anybody like, yes, there's companies that create it. Like from someone individual, Nicholas, it looks like a necklace. Is these are never like personal like, hey, I don't like this person to something horribly wrong
All right. And if I'm going to anybody like, yes, there's companies that create it. Like from someone individual, Nicholas, it looks like a necklace. Is these are never like personal like, hey, I don't like this person to something horribly wrong This is like, where of a, no, I don't get what they exactly said. So please know that these resources aren't helping me, but that doesn't mean that they won't help you. Okay. And SSL is a security measure that encrypts data sent between two devices. At least they explained it better than I did
This is like, where of a, no, I don't get what they exactly said. So please know that these resources aren't helping me, but that doesn't mean that they won't help you. Okay. And SSL is a security measure that encrypts data sent between two devices. At least they explained it better than I did That makes more sense than what I said. And they don't, hey, it looks like he has a video. Wait, what to which part? There, there was a lot of said, a lot said in the last while. I'm thinking about. Oh, fair enough. No, look. This person's name, Nicholas too
That makes more sense than what I said. And they don't, hey, it looks like he has a video. Wait, what to which part? There, there was a lot of said, a lot said in the last while. I'm thinking about. Oh, fair enough. No, look. This person's name, Nicholas too I feel like it would be weird to call you Nicholas. Like, I didn't register that. Because you always go by Nick. You always go by Nick. Like, it'd be weird to call you Nicholas
I feel like it would be weird to call you Nicholas. Like, I didn't register that. Because you always go by Nick. You always go by Nick. Like, it'd be weird to call you Nicholas Do you ever go by Nicholas is your proper name? Your first name, proper name, full name? I don't know how you say that, but. Does anybody else call you Nicholas? Because I can tell you if somebody calls me Jennifer, I don't register that anybody said
Do you ever go by Nicholas is your proper name? Your first name, proper name, full name? I don't know how you say that, but. Does anybody else call you Nicholas? Because I can tell you if somebody calls me Jennifer, I don't register that anybody said If somebody says Jennifer and like a waiting room, I have no idea that they're talking to me. And if someone says Jenny, it doesn't register either unless it's my family. They still call me Jenny. Oh, I mean, that is fair. I, we were talking to John earlier who was like super dope and
If somebody says Jennifer and like a waiting room, I have no idea that they're talking to me. And if someone says Jenny, it doesn't register either unless it's my family. They still call me Jenny. Oh, I mean, that is fair. I, we were talking to John earlier who was like super dope and They tried to spell their name out for me and. You know, I'm horrible at it and I feel so bad. Like why. Why are Americans taught how to like. I don't know how to like different languages from birth. So that way we can actually say other things than just English
They tried to spell their name out for me and. You know, I'm horrible at it and I feel so bad. Like why. Why are Americans taught how to like. I don't know how to like different languages from birth. So that way we can actually say other things than just English I will one day learn another language after coding. This has been a journey on itself. Okay, look at this. Okay. Oh, I do like that. They put three requisites. I think they're writing the blog. I did give that. Well, we don't have that. We don't have that. Well, so let's look up. Post-conniction
I will one day learn another language after coding. This has been a journey on itself. Okay, look at this. Okay. Oh, I do like that. They put three requisites. I think they're writing the blog. I did give that. Well, we don't have that. We don't have that. Well, so let's look up. Post-conniction Post-conniction. Joker. We have a. We got a. A. Gist. How do you guys say it? Do you say it like with a G like gist or with a J like gist? I like that's the same. It's giffy or jiffy. Yay. What up Daniel. I'm not saying that to anybody on the stream
Post-conniction. Joker. We have a. We got a. A. Gist. How do you guys say it? Do you say it like with a G like gist or with a J like gist? I like that's the same. It's giffy or jiffy. Yay. What up Daniel. I'm not saying that to anybody on the stream If your name is Daniel, also hello, but also talking to the. Daniel that wrote this. Oh, I like that. They wrote what is doctor. What's supposed to. This is fun. I like this. Because open SSL is quite complex to use. We'll use a search trap for generation of certificates. Oh, yeah. Oh, damn
If your name is Daniel, also hello, but also talking to the. Daniel that wrote this. Oh, I like that. They wrote what is doctor. What's supposed to. This is fun. I like this. Because open SSL is quite complex to use. We'll use a search trap for generation of certificates. Oh, yeah. Oh, damn Oh, yeah. Oh, damn. This is like. Very, very multi-step. No, go lie. I was kind of like, oh, it's probably going to be easy. This one not so much. I don't know if I have the brain power for this. Because I also. Want to see if there is a certain. Secure connection or IP restriction that
Oh, yeah. Oh, damn. This is like. Very, very multi-step. No, go lie. I was kind of like, oh, it's probably going to be easy. This one not so much. I don't know if I have the brain power for this. Because I also. Want to see if there is a certain. Secure connection or IP restriction that Was requested on my list of doing things. So I will. I. I. Action. Mean. SSL. Wow. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. Because earlier we had Anthony on the stream talking about doing it with. Real way. So in my mind. Does that mean that we would need pd admin and. The
Was requested on my list of doing things. So I will. I. I. Action. Mean. SSL. Wow. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. Because earlier we had Anthony on the stream talking about doing it with. Real way. So in my mind. Does that mean that we would need pd admin and. The The. I'm not going to be around for me to ask right now. So, good. Bye then. Need. Secure. Connection. And then also. Okay. Okay. And then also. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Cool. I'm going to book my. I'm going to go back to this earlier. Let's do. Too many bookmarks. No, I need that out
The. I'm not going to be around for me to ask right now. So, good. Bye then. Need. Secure. Connection. And then also. Okay. Okay. And then also. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Cool. I'm going to book my. I'm going to go back to this earlier. Let's do. Too many bookmarks. No, I need that out I'll put that one in there. I'll put that one in there. Let's do that one in there. That one's good. I don't know what that one actually is. That's what we get ahead. We have a twice though. I have a twice. That's dumb. All right. So, we got rid of that bookmark. And we have Postgres
I'll put that one in there. I'll put that one in there. Let's do that one in there. That one's good. I don't know what that one actually is. That's what we get ahead. We have a twice though. I have a twice. That's dumb. All right. So, we got rid of that bookmark. And we have Postgres How to set it up the SSL. We got that bookmarked. So, we're doing good. Let's go look at my notifications. Oh, look. Lots of people. Lots of people that I follow on Dev2. Oh, hey. Why are you seeing there still? Okay. Stop telling me that there's notifications
How to set it up the SSL. We got that bookmarked. So, we're doing good. Let's go look at my notifications. Oh, look. Lots of people. Lots of people that I follow on Dev2. Oh, hey. Why are you seeing there still? Okay. Stop telling me that there's notifications And always annoys me when it tells me there's no notifications. I'm like, no bro. Go away. All right. So, we are putting in secure connection. On hold. Until I verify something. And so, I'm going to stick. We need to move these over here. So, doing connection. And we're going to have to ready
And always annoys me when it tells me there's no notifications. I'm like, no bro. Go away. All right. So, we are putting in secure connection. On hold. Until I verify something. And so, I'm going to stick. We need to move these over here. So, doing connection. And we're going to have to ready On hold. Cool. That's cool. So, we got, we got some things going on. What is an end of server or should I say data plane? That is a solid question. I will say a nice for joining DC. I am new to saying all of this up
On hold. Cool. That's cool. So, we got, we got some things going on. What is an end of server or should I say data plane? That is a solid question. I will say a nice for joining DC. I am new to saying all of this up I actually just randomly started downloading Postgres without any like information about it. Yet, I have people coming on the stream like next week, next Wednesday. I have somebody coming on to talk about like the bare basics of data
I actually just randomly started downloading Postgres without any like information about it. Yet, I have people coming on the stream like next week, next Wednesday. I have somebody coming on to talk about like the bare basics of data They are also one of the most genius people I know and talking about like all sorts of data infrastructure. So, it's really fun to get the experts to break down the basics. Yet. Do you see are you on the Twitter? Yes, I called it the Twitter's that totally made sense. It's cool
They are also one of the most genius people I know and talking about like all sorts of data infrastructure. So, it's really fun to get the experts to break down the basics. Yet. Do you see are you on the Twitter? Yes, I called it the Twitter's that totally made sense. It's cool It's cool. But are you on Twitter? Because what I can do is ask about this and get about to you tomorrow. What up Max? Twitter is too fast for you. Well, if you follow on here on Twitch or on YouTube, I will answer it next week when I have been all this show. I'll see if he can help me answer that
It's cool. But are you on Twitter? Because what I can do is ask about this and get about to you tomorrow. What up Max? Twitter is too fast for you. Well, if you follow on here on Twitch or on YouTube, I will answer it next week when I have been all this show. I'll see if he can help me answer that And happy to like see if we could tag you or something to like let you know. And let me. Cause we have questions from last week. Because Newark pie, a bar, a bar, a hot and fire fix. We're all like. Hanging out and doing stuff. So I have them. That's why they're yay
And happy to like see if we could tag you or something to like let you know. And let me. Cause we have questions from last week. Because Newark pie, a bar, a bar, a hot and fire fix. We're all like. Hanging out and doing stuff. So I have them. That's why they're yay But let me write down your questions. Oh, yo, I always forget you can yell at me when I'm not sharing the. I am also, if anybody's curious, I am doing this from my iPad. This is the way I learn is I write notes and they're always all around
But let me write down your questions. Oh, yo, I always forget you can yell at me when I'm not sharing the. I am also, if anybody's curious, I am doing this from my iPad. This is the way I learn is I write notes and they're always all around But a lot of people weren't able to follow up like what I was talking about. So luckily, hey, I got a job. Yay. And the first thing I did was get a tablet. So that way I can share the experience with y'all. And like, what are you doing, Jen? So I will put that down that notes
But a lot of people weren't able to follow up like what I was talking about. So luckily, hey, I got a job. Yay. And the first thing I did was get a tablet. So that way I can share the experience with y'all. And like, what are you doing, Jen? So I will put that down that notes Do you see Ray boss? Sure. I'm just. Oh my gosh. We're just going a little crazy right now. And do. I will answer that once I'm writing these down. And. And. And. I'll just say data. I started working at a company called Ivan. I can go check them out. We can like go stock them really quick
Do you see Ray boss? Sure. I'm just. Oh my gosh. We're just going a little crazy right now. And do. I will answer that once I'm writing these down. And. And. And. I'll just say data. I started working at a company called Ivan. I can go check them out. We can like go stock them really quick They are a data infrastructure company. And they are based out of Finland, which is really cool. I got to go to Finland. Our teams off site happened to be three days after I started. So that was an experience. And. Oh, as what position I am a developer advocate
They are a data infrastructure company. And they are based out of Finland, which is really cool. I got to go to Finland. Our teams off site happened to be three days after I started. So that was an experience. And. Oh, as what position I am a developer advocate So my main focus is helping those new into tech. Be able to get an understanding of. And then I started to learn how to make a new platform. This is a big reason why I started my show teach and tech. And then also one of the reasons I got hired at Ivan is I. I live learned I learn life
So my main focus is helping those new into tech. Be able to get an understanding of. And then I started to learn how to make a new platform. This is a big reason why I started my show teach and tech. And then also one of the reasons I got hired at Ivan is I. I live learned I learn life And it's part of what I wanted to do. I already thought databases were fascinating. Even though I don't know too much about them. Of. You know, learning about what the different databases do and how to set them up. And then I started with Postgres. And thank you for the follow max. I appreciate it
And it's part of what I wanted to do. I already thought databases were fascinating. Even though I don't know too much about them. Of. You know, learning about what the different databases do and how to set them up. And then I started with Postgres. And thank you for the follow max. I appreciate it I appreciate it. So you. Postgres is first. And then I'm going to learn some renness. And then some my sequel. And. Then I really. I really don't know what I'm going to do next. I have worked on learning some Kafka. Like there were to I've had streams about. People coming on about Kafka
I appreciate it. So you. Postgres is first. And then I'm going to learn some renness. And then some my sequel. And. Then I really. I really don't know what I'm going to do next. I have worked on learning some Kafka. Like there were to I've had streams about. People coming on about Kafka And I'm just like if you add, I don't even know what you just said to me on a lot of it. So starting with something that makes a bit more sense. And then. You're trying to learn and get off the business side of the company into data. So you're trying to get that into your analyst
And I'm just like if you add, I don't even know what you just said to me on a lot of it. So starting with something that makes a bit more sense. And then. You're trying to learn and get off the business side of the company into data. So you're trying to get that into your analyst That is pretty cool. Yeah, it's. What do you use mostly because like I work with some of the most. Insanely intelligent people on like as developers and things that. I'm happy to. Like ask them questions and follow up. You might be further in your journey than I am yet
That is pretty cool. Yeah, it's. What do you use mostly because like I work with some of the most. Insanely intelligent people on like as developers and things that. I'm happy to. Like ask them questions and follow up. You might be further in your journey than I am yet I'm excited for Ben to come on the stream. Oh, this is like. Is it doing it? I don't know if you guys thought. I was not going to do it. My Chrome glitches out. So I was just seeing if it showed up for anybody else, but I don't think it's going to do it again. Let me
I'm excited for Ben to come on the stream. Oh, this is like. Is it doing it? I don't know if you guys thought. I was not going to do it. My Chrome glitches out. So I was just seeing if it showed up for anybody else, but I don't think it's going to do it again. Let me Let me. And thank you for the follow DC. Yay. Let's go. And. Oh, geez. I will pass it along. I will pass it along. Max, I will definitely pass that along. And then. I will pass it along. I will pass it along. You see you mainly. User. Teradata as my sequel solution
Let me. And thank you for the follow DC. Yay. Let's go. And. Oh, geez. I will pass it along. I will pass it along. Max, I will definitely pass that along. And then. I will pass it along. I will pass it along. You see you mainly. User. Teradata as my sequel solution Some postgres Python for clean and ring lane some analytics. Then tablet. Tablet. Top. Wow, I haven't said that we're going to. Tableau. There we go. I'm like, I haven't said that word in really long time. I will tell them as well. Max, like I just said. I want to say. I will. I will. I will
Some postgres Python for clean and ring lane some analytics. Then tablet. Tablet. Top. Wow, I haven't said that we're going to. Tableau. There we go. I'm like, I haven't said that word in really long time. I will tell them as well. Max, like I just said. I want to say. I will. I will. I will I will. I will. I will. I will. I will. I will look at it later. I need a look. I get listening to it. I like that. It will tell me which ones are heading some stuff. That is something that I think is interesting is. Like I still need to learn more about like. Teradata and
I will. I will. I will. I will. I will. I will look at it later. I need a look. I get listening to it. I like that. It will tell me which ones are heading some stuff. That is something that I think is interesting is. Like I still need to learn more about like. Teradata and Teradata and. Like what each of these are for. I currently am learning. I am learning. Actually, you can go see this. Like, let's go look. Not now. The ability. Not now. Not your turn. So. Right now I'm working on my postgres stuff. But I'm learning Python and typescript as well
Teradata and. Like what each of these are for. I currently am learning. I am learning. Actually, you can go see this. Like, let's go look. Not now. The ability. Not now. Not your turn. So. Right now I'm working on my postgres stuff. But I'm learning Python and typescript as well So I actually have the books. In my notability, which. This notability does not sponsor me. I just really like this tool. Because let's say that. We have this bookmarked. I don't really know why. But it's okay. We'll go down here. But let's say that I have questions
So I actually have the books. In my notability, which. This notability does not sponsor me. I just really like this tool. Because let's say that. We have this bookmarked. I don't really know why. But it's okay. We'll go down here. But let's say that I have questions And I can be like, you know, what. Because it's a virtual book. But I. And this is the cover of it. You can see anybody wants to see. Learning typescript. I can show you a bit more. The. Author of this book. Actually, it comes on the show as well. And these are some notes of. Last week's stream
And I can be like, you know, what. Because it's a virtual book. But I. And this is the cover of it. You can see anybody wants to see. Learning typescript. I can show you a bit more. The. Author of this book. Actually, it comes on the show as well. And these are some notes of. Last week's stream Last week's stream. This. What I do is I just like, we're at an awesome. Questions. Super fun. That being said, Teradata is like, I'm like, what? I know what my sequel is. Cool. I'm like, what? I'm like, what? I'm like, what? I'm like, what? What's my sequel is? Cool. Or as your sequel solution
Last week's stream. This. What I do is I just like, we're at an awesome. Questions. Super fun. That being said, Teradata is like, I'm like, what? I know what my sequel is. Cool. I'm like, what? I'm like, what? I'm like, what? I'm like, what? What's my sequel is? Cool. Or as your sequel solution And I'm like, what are all the differences with sequel? Why are there so many? Because I've heard of case sequel. And I'm like, what is that? And then also the. I still really don't understand how you move. The different types of data. But that's a big reason that Ben has been coming
And I'm like, what are all the differences with sequel? Why are there so many? Because I've heard of case sequel. And I'm like, what is that? And then also the. I still really don't understand how you move. The different types of data. But that's a big reason that Ben has been coming And it's coming on the show and has been on the show. Of. I'm talking about how to. Like breaking down the types of data and working on all of that. Because it is. Can be incredibly confusing. And we'll just go like. LinkedIn stock 10. That's fine. Let's go. And we knew this together. Of
And it's coming on the show and has been on the show. Of. I'm talking about how to. Like breaking down the types of data and working on all of that. Because it is. Can be incredibly confusing. And we'll just go like. LinkedIn stock 10. That's fine. Let's go. And we knew this together. Of Of. God, mad skill. So he's working data for so long that he's one of the people that have been. Coming on the stream. And then also. How should go grab like you do. There's the YouTube said it. Let's go find the YouTube. Oh, yeah. I created a playlist. This is exciting. All right. It is
Of. God, mad skill. So he's working data for so long that he's one of the people that have been. Coming on the stream. And then also. How should go grab like you do. There's the YouTube said it. Let's go find the YouTube. Oh, yeah. I created a playlist. This is exciting. All right. It is All right. It is. Here is the playlist. But it currently only has one video with Ben. And you can kind of see more of where we're at for that. Although. I like to do things at the same time of. Let's talk about really, really complicated things and really basic
All right. It is. Here is the playlist. But it currently only has one video with Ben. And you can kind of see more of where we're at for that. Although. I like to do things at the same time of. Let's talk about really, really complicated things and really basic That is more of the basics side of things. And. I am going back over here. Okay. Cool. Hey, my dog's here. I noticed the door opened and suddenly appeared a dog. We have brought to Postgres. Okay. I am also putting terror data because I'm asking about it now. I'm asking about the
That is more of the basics side of things. And. I am going back over here. Okay. Cool. Hey, my dog's here. I noticed the door opened and suddenly appeared a dog. We have brought to Postgres. Okay. I am also putting terror data because I'm asking about it now. I'm asking about the I am currently going to put on hold security connection. So let's do manage users and permission. Where to start. I don't know. I don't know. What is fair. What are you. I guess. There's so much that goes into it. Is there a specific thing that you're wanting to do or could you tell me more about
I am currently going to put on hold security connection. So let's do manage users and permission. Where to start. I don't know. I don't know. What is fair. What are you. I guess. There's so much that goes into it. Is there a specific thing that you're wanting to do or could you tell me more about We're just start. I don't know. That is a complex spot to be in. What I'm. I forget what I was putting on. Manage users and permission. And. 1 through 7 is the same. Get there. Same. Same. Same. One through seven. Four. So we'll do eight. Let's see. Okay. So we're here
We're just start. I don't know. That is a complex spot to be in. What I'm. I forget what I was putting on. Manage users and permission. And. 1 through 7 is the same. Get there. Same. Same. Same. One through seven. Four. So we'll do eight. Let's see. Okay. So we're here So we're here. We're going to get properties. Got a pencil. I like how it would be privileges, but at the same time. Let's do the Googles. The Googles. I like this news speaker. Wow. I hope this is still what I did not want you to go back. Thank you. Okay. Wow. Oh, so if I can spell emissions
So we're here. We're going to get properties. Got a pencil. I like how it would be privileges, but at the same time. Let's do the Googles. The Googles. I like this news speaker. Wow. I hope this is still what I did not want you to go back. Thank you. Okay. Wow. Oh, so if I can spell emissions I'm going to use the user management dialogue role logins. Okay. Hmm. I like the YouTube. That is a good way to learn. Database roles. And if y'all can hear my dog, I am sorry. Hope she's not too noisy. Please let me know if she bothers you too much. I'll be in Lincoln, you dad. Okay
I'm going to use the user management dialogue role logins. Okay. Hmm. I like the YouTube. That is a good way to learn. Database roles. And if y'all can hear my dog, I am sorry. Hope she's not too noisy. Please let me know if she bothers you too much. I'll be in Lincoln, you dad. Okay Okay. Database roles. Attributes, role membership, dropping roles. Predefined roles. Function, security. Hmm. Okay. We'll see if she shows out or she's going to make me get up and walk away. We will find out. Um. Access permissions using concept of roles. I'm going to use the role
Okay. Database roles. Attributes, role membership, dropping roles. Predefined roles. Function, security. Hmm. Okay. We'll see if she shows out or she's going to make me get up and walk away. We will find out. Um. Access permissions using concept of roles. I'm going to use the role I'm going to use the role. The role can be thought of as either a database user, a group of database users depending on how the role is set up. Hmm. I am. I'm going to make me folder. I'm going to use the role. Switching. Oh. What if this would work? I should work. Probably a little better
I'm going to use the role. The role can be thought of as either a database user, a group of database users depending on how the role is set up. Hmm. I am. I'm going to make me folder. I'm going to use the role. Switching. Oh. What if this would work? I should work. Probably a little better I stopped cutting this off. Yeah. More questions. My. Did you read me? Look like that. Wait, no, that's not what I wanted. So let's just do... That one's user. User management dialogue. Okay. When I'm smoking, that's for CG admin though. So let's do task press
I stopped cutting this off. Yeah. More questions. My. Did you read me? Look like that. Wait, no, that's not what I wanted. So let's just do... That one's user. User management dialogue. Okay. When I'm smoking, that's for CG admin though. So let's do task press That's for managers, permissions through the concept of roles. With roles that are as noticing distinction between users and groups, roles are more flexible than the traditional unit system of users and groups. For example, Aero can act as a member of another role in heriting its permissions
That's for managers, permissions through the concept of roles. With roles that are as noticing distinction between users and groups, roles are more flexible than the traditional unit system of users and groups. For example, Aero can act as a member of another role in heriting its permissions Interesting. I feel like that just answered my other question. Let's see. Okay. Let's put my Vsement to you. How to list users and permissions and using PC will command. Hmm. Interesting. I can't want to try this now. Uh, Royce. Oh. I think this is... Since we all have this
Interesting. I feel like that just answered my other question. Let's see. Okay. Let's put my Vsement to you. How to list users and permissions and using PC will command. Hmm. Interesting. I can't want to try this now. Uh, Royce. Oh. I think this is... Since we all have this Yeah, I'll have the way to the down. Hmm. I'm spilling my coffee everywhere. That's cool. Not what I want to do. Hmm. That's right. I'm... We won't use this user. Uh, connection to server on socket. See, this is... This is the issue
Yeah, I'll have the way to the down. Hmm. I'm spilling my coffee everywhere. That's cool. Not what I want to do. Hmm. That's right. I'm... We won't use this user. Uh, connection to server on socket. See, this is... This is the issue. This is the issue. Help's if I read it, not just try to do passwords in a million times. Uh, t t t t t tt. Hmm. Interesting. This is a very old one. Hmm. Okay. That's why. That answers the question. Yay. So, no, we do not need this. I'm not going to talk about that. Because that does not help us
. This is the issue. Help's if I read it, not just try to do passwords in a million times. Uh, t t t t t tt. Hmm. Interesting. This is a very old one. Hmm. Okay. That's why. That answers the question. Yay. So, no, we do not need this. I'm not going to talk about that. Because that does not help us Um. Neither does AWS. This one looks more aligned with the words I used, but... Let's see. Also, older one. Y'all, we may not be streaming for a minute. The doggo is freaking out. Like, just go in a little bananas. So, let's take a look. And... Oh yeah, I'm totally like, you know, see
Um. Neither does AWS. This one looks more aligned with the words I used, but... Let's see. Also, older one. Y'all, we may not be streaming for a minute. The doggo is freaking out. Like, just go in a little bananas. So, let's take a look. And... Oh yeah, I'm totally like, you know, see If my partner is going to be home soon, or if I gotta go take care of her, which is okay. You know. You know. Ah, thank you for the follow. I appreciate it. And yes, please let me know when y'all have questions. Do you see it was asking some great questions that I'll be following up with next week
If my partner is going to be home soon, or if I gotta go take care of her, which is okay. You know. You know. Ah, thank you for the follow. I appreciate it. And yes, please let me know when y'all have questions. Do you see it was asking some great questions that I'll be following up with next week Uh, t t t t t t t t t t t. You know, he didn't even know he still at work. Oh, you might have to go take care of the doggo. Well, this was not everything I wanted to do today. Um, but we are going to look like this one. We have made progress yet not where I wanted to be. And..
Uh, t t t t t t t t t t t. You know, he didn't even know he still at work. Oh, you might have to go take care of the doggo. Well, this was not everything I wanted to do today. Um, but we are going to look like this one. We have made progress yet not where I wanted to be. And.. And... Uh, I tell them to use Joss instead of, uh, unbund to you. Yeah, yeah. That is... Can you all actually hear her? Do you hear the whining in the background? I'm just curious. Because it is really loud for me. Just curious if you guys can hear her. She's clumpy. She's a 13 year old doggo
And... Uh, I tell them to use Joss instead of, uh, unbund to you. Yeah, yeah. That is... Can you all actually hear her? Do you hear the whining in the background? I'm just curious. Because it is really loud for me. Just curious if you guys can hear her. She's clumpy. She's a 13 year old doggo I don't know if my experience still works, let's see. Oh, I'll try to work through it. You know, see if it... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... I don't remember what the... I'm like, oh, yeah, I forgot all of the commands that are possible. This is cool. I need to break them down
I don't know if my experience still works, let's see. Oh, I'll try to work through it. You know, see if it... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... I don't remember what the... I'm like, oh, yeah, I forgot all of the commands that are possible. This is cool. I need to break them down I need to add that to the channel. That would help. Ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne. All right, well, I'll get that figured out next week. That is something that... Oh, that's what it is. Is it, um, okay. Oh, it's Kiana. It's with a K. Okay. A-o
I need to add that to the channel. That would help. Ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne. All right, well, I'll get that figured out next week. That is something that... Oh, that's what it is. Is it, um, okay. Oh, it's Kiana. It's with a K. Okay. A-o Okay. A-o. Kiana, Lady Kiana, is 13-year-old, uh, bulldog. Um, oh, hey! Oh, this is so cool. Yo, can we just, like, give a shout out to Ryan? I am the one who set this out. I am, you know, I'm great at talking to people. Learning, learning the things
Okay. A-o. Kiana, Lady Kiana, is 13-year-old, uh, bulldog. Um, oh, hey! Oh, this is so cool. Yo, can we just, like, give a shout out to Ryan? I am the one who set this out. I am, you know, I'm great at talking to people. Learning, learning the things Following through with, uh, going and setting up stuff for my own channels. Not the best. Oh, this is so happy. Yay! Okay. Oh, yeah! Okay. I am definitely a bookmarkiness, um, for channel commands. And... Yay! That is so funny. Okay. Well, the doggo is absolutely driving me insane. So..
Following through with, uh, going and setting up stuff for my own channels. Not the best. Oh, this is so happy. Yay! Okay. Oh, yeah! Okay. I am definitely a bookmarkiness, um, for channel commands. And... Yay! That is so funny. Okay. Well, the doggo is absolutely driving me insane. So.. So... I'm really glad Y'all can't hear her because, um, she is not happy at the moment. Doggo! Let's see if you guys could see her. I don't know if the lighting won't work. Oops! You're gonna move a little bit. Sorry if anybody's seasick. That is Kiana. She is... really annoying me. So..
So... I'm really glad Y'all can't hear her because, um, she is not happy at the moment. Doggo! Let's see if you guys could see her. I don't know if the lighting won't work. Oops! You're gonna move a little bit. Sorry if anybody's seasick. That is Kiana. She is... really annoying me. So.. So... I am going to take her out. I need to put my BRB... ma'am! I'm trying to talk. She's... I'm so glad you guys can't hear her. She is a lot... um, d-d-t. This is... Hi! All right, so I will be back. Hopefully Y'all will still be here. I'm gonna go take her on a walk. And I'll be back
So... I am going to take her out. I need to put my BRB... ma'am! I'm trying to talk. She's... I'm so glad you guys can't hear her. She is a lot... um, d-d-t. This is... Hi! All right, so I will be back. Hopefully Y'all will still be here. I'm gonna go take her on a walk. And I'll be back And I'll be back. So, please sing out BRB... Sunish. Sunish. Sunish. I almost did more streaming with my mic off. That would be fun. I mean, it's a cool new thing that I'm trying. I'm like, hey, see if anybody notices. Well, hello, hello again, beautiful humans. Thank you for your patience
And I'll be back. So, please sing out BRB... Sunish. Sunish. Sunish. I almost did more streaming with my mic off. That would be fun. I mean, it's a cool new thing that I'm trying. I'm like, hey, see if anybody notices. Well, hello, hello again, beautiful humans. Thank you for your patience As I had to go walk the balcony. Sure. Well, is that good? Oh, I was looking at rolls. We should not wait until you do that. Um, do you need to do... Oh, yes. Is users and permissions same as rolls? Um, believe it is... Within user management within PostgreSQL can be tricky
As I had to go walk the balcony. Sure. Well, is that good? Oh, I was looking at rolls. We should not wait until you do that. Um, do you need to do... Oh, yes. Is users and permissions same as rolls? Um, believe it is... Within user management within PostgreSQL can be tricky Typically, new users are managed in concert with a couple of cute areas in the environment. Often times, privileges are perfect on one front yet configured and correctly on the other. This blog will help provide tactical tips and tricks. Okay, so rolls... Like, what is a roll? Okay. Okay
Typically, new users are managed in concert with a couple of cute areas in the environment. Often times, privileges are perfect on one front yet configured and correctly on the other. This blog will help provide tactical tips and tricks. Okay, so rolls... Like, what is a roll? Okay. Okay Okay. So I'm going back over here to... Check out like what all of these privileges are. Okay. The owner is PostgreSQL. I should probably get that updated. Let's see. A, owner. Is there... no, no, nope, nope. There's not a... I guess that's... The user we're going to go try to set up is..
Okay. So I'm going back over here to... Check out like what all of these privileges are. Okay. The owner is PostgreSQL. I should probably get that updated. Let's see. A, owner. Is there... no, no, nope, nope. There's not a... I guess that's... The user we're going to go try to set up is.... Might email address so... It works. Okay. Default administrative connection database. Cool statistics, nonex. Do you do... Uh, do you do... Interesting? And it's not that one I was just looking at. Anybody up to anything fun now? So I'm going back in and... Acting... My... Postgres... Oh
.. Might email address so... It works. Okay. Default administrative connection database. Cool statistics, nonex. Do you do... Uh, do you do... Interesting? And it's not that one I was just looking at. Anybody up to anything fun now? So I'm going back in and... Acting... My... Postgres... Oh.. Postgres... Oh. Uh, thank you. I was just sometimes thinking like people can just like magically... This will just magically change. It's just going to be like, now big bang, it'll work. It doesn't work like that. So thank you. I appreciate it. I don't want to get you that y'all set back up
.. Postgres... Oh. Uh, thank you. I was just sometimes thinking like people can just like magically... This will just magically change. It's just going to be like, now big bang, it'll work. It doesn't work like that. So thank you. I appreciate it. I don't want to get you that y'all set back up Yay! Okay. So... Thank you, Max. I appreciate that. Uh, I was going through this uh, several nimes... article about... their take on roles. And so what I was... It's really new. It's really new. And taking a look at things as I was like, oh, wow. This is through Postgres itself
Yay! Okay. So... Thank you, Max. I appreciate that. Uh, I was going through this uh, several nimes... article about... their take on roles. And so what I was... It's really new. It's really new. And taking a look at things as I was like, oh, wow. This is through Postgres itself What if it's easy to... figure out through here. And just kind of maybe click around again. And my... Clicky-cookiness. It didn't seem to be anything that... Easily showed how to do it through PG Admin granted. Uh, do I ever need to do presentations for work? Yes. On again, off again. What..
What if it's easy to... figure out through here. And just kind of maybe click around again. And my... Clicky-cookiness. It didn't seem to be anything that... Easily showed how to do it through PG Admin granted. Uh, do I ever need to do presentations for work? Yes. On again, off again. What.. What... Is there a follow-up question on that? Because I'm like, why? What's going on? I will say I think my mouse just died. That was nice. Gamma.app. Interest name. What is that? I'll Google it. I'm just curious like what your take on it is. See you move. Oh, that's fine. Oh, I like this
What... Is there a follow-up question on that? Because I'm like, why? What's going on? I will say I think my mouse just died. That was nice. Gamma.app. Interest name. What is that? I'll Google it. I'm just curious like what your take on it is. See you move. Oh, that's fine. Oh, I like this Oh, I like this. This is cool. Okay, let me start this video at the beginning because... I feel like this is a great way. I start a lot of mine with, um, like, Kamba and creating my own. Yet something that I really do appreciate about, like, chat to you, which I know is very like..
Oh, I like this. This is cool. Okay, let me start this video at the beginning because... I feel like this is a great way. I start a lot of mine with, um, like, Kamba and creating my own. Yet something that I really do appreciate about, like, chat to you, which I know is very like.... Some love, some hate, you know, matter, mattering where they are on it. And I like it because, at least for myself, I get super, super stuff with just starting
.. Some love, some hate, you know, matter, mattering where they are on it. And I like it because, at least for myself, I get super, super stuff with just starting But like, if I have something to start with a lot of times that's easier, even if I end up redoing the entire talk or presentation or blog or whatever, that, it at least gave me something to start with. This is cool. I like it. I'm going to bookmark it. Yay. Thank you. You can get my app
But like, if I have something to start with a lot of times that's easier, even if I end up redoing the entire talk or presentation or blog or whatever, that, it at least gave me something to start with. This is cool. I like it. I'm going to bookmark it. Yay. Thank you. You can get my app You can get my app. All right, let's look at that later. How did you find out about the game app? Do you work there or something? Okay, this is... I'm going to need my chocolate bag. Let me check that. I'm going to charge it. I need to charge my watch too. Yeah, it's only a 27%
You can get my app. All right, let's look at that later. How did you find out about the game app? Do you work there or something? Okay, this is... I'm going to need my chocolate bag. Let me check that. I'm going to charge it. I need to charge my watch too. Yeah, it's only a 27% No! It's only a 27%. No! Does the dog come? Okay, the dog is back up here and she seems happy. I think we're good. Okay. I think we're good. Okay. I think we're good. Okay. We're good. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. At least for a little while. Oh, nice. That's cool
No! It's only a 27%. No! Does the dog come? Okay, the dog is back up here and she seems happy. I think we're good. Okay. I think we're good. Okay. I think we're good. Okay. We're good. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. At least for a little while. Oh, nice. That's cool That's cool. I know that it's always like good to have this in community yet. I get so overwhelmed with all the communities out there that I'm just like, I don't know. I figured out without having to use this that it was. Which one was the mean user? So that answered this question
That's cool. I know that it's always like good to have this in community yet. I get so overwhelmed with all the communities out there that I'm just like, I don't know. I figured out without having to use this that it was. Which one was the mean user? So that answered this question I think what I'm missing is Ah. Open and terminal. Aye. Um. Creating and dropping rolls. and I did add this one right. So as I'm like, scrying through all this and I will link it for y'all in case you want to look at this as well of
I think what I'm missing is Ah. Open and terminal. Aye. Um. Creating and dropping rolls. and I did add this one right. So as I'm like, scrying through all this and I will link it for y'all in case you want to look at this as well of I'm basically totally just like scanning through it, seeing what's here and. Which is a little hard because I will tell you being ridiculously dyslexic. I skip a lot of lines so I may not see something that is clearly apparent for a lot of people
I'm basically totally just like scanning through it, seeing what's here and. Which is a little hard because I will tell you being ridiculously dyslexic. I skip a lot of lines so I may not see something that is clearly apparent for a lot of people Even if I'm like trying to read it very, very slowly, you'll notice that maybe why I read a lot of stuff out loud because I'm like, okay, I may skip less words in doing so. I still skip words. And I'm going to hey, okay, cool. So we can go back through and do this all through terminal yet
Even if I'm like trying to read it very, very slowly, you'll notice that maybe why I read a lot of stuff out loud because I'm like, okay, I may skip less words in doing so. I still skip words. And I'm going to hey, okay, cool. So we can go back through and do this all through terminal yet Why does it seem so difficult to do with P.G. Admin? I don't know. That is true. That is that so another thing that I love hate about chat GPT is that it only can handle 4,000 characters or 4,000 words, something along those lines
Why does it seem so difficult to do with P.G. Admin? I don't know. That is true. That is that so another thing that I love hate about chat GPT is that it only can handle 4,000 characters or 4,000 words, something along those lines Because what I've done in the past is I really like being able to transcribe my the stream. So that way I'm like, okay, cool. And then I can put it into a blog or something like that. And it's a lot easier to put it into something like chat GPT to be like, okay, yo, summarize this for me
Because what I've done in the past is I really like being able to transcribe my the stream. So that way I'm like, okay, cool. And then I can put it into a blog or something like that. And it's a lot easier to put it into something like chat GPT to be like, okay, yo, summarize this for me Because I don't always realize what are the key points or something I miss, especially when it's more of like a guest instead of me directly going to something like I am today. And it can only do so many words. It's very annoying. I'm still not working. So I didn't turn back on
Because I don't always realize what are the key points or something I miss, especially when it's more of like a guest instead of me directly going to something like I am today. And it can only do so many words. It's very annoying. I'm still not working. So I didn't turn back on That would be, that would be it. So let's. I like you to work. Yay. Are you connected? You're connected. Yay. Okay. So. And she's back at complaining at me again. I would really appreciate if my dog would stop complaining at me. Untense. Define a role. Documentation is for pre-release version of P
That would be, that would be it. So let's. I like you to work. Yay. Are you connected? You're connected. Yay. Okay. So. And she's back at complaining at me again. I would really appreciate if my dog would stop complaining at me. Untense. Define a role. Documentation is for pre-release version of PD. Admin for. Well, I'm using P.D. Admin for so we're doing good. We're at least on the same same same. Okay. So. We got that. Okay. Cool. Where do we click it? Rolls. Okay. Postgrescasts, catalogs, event triggers, extensions, for data, wrappers, languages, publications. Oh, these roles. Okay
D. Admin for. Well, I'm using P.D. Admin for so we're doing good. We're at least on the same same same. Okay. So. We got that. Okay. Cool. Where do we click it? Rolls. Okay. Postgrescasts, catalogs, event triggers, extensions, for data, wrappers, languages, publications. Oh, these roles. Okay Okay. The ones that says roles. Properties. Okay. This is exciting. And. But there's only a trash can. There's. There is no. Maybe I need to make this green. New. New. Eiffelope. New. New. New. New. New. New. New. New. New. We got to write this down first. Oh. So. And. Us. Group. Rolls
Okay. The ones that says roles. Properties. Okay. This is exciting. And. But there's only a trash can. There's. There is no. Maybe I need to make this green. New. New. Eiffelope. New. New. New. New. New. New. New. New. New. We got to write this down first. Oh. So. And. Us. Group. Rolls Us. Group. Rolls. Right click. And. Create. We're. Do you do. Create. Again. We can name it. Give us some definitions. Some privileges. Arameters. Okay. See if I can. Do mine. Hello. I don't think. I'm giving us one. Services. Can log in. Is a super user. Can initiate. Can do all the things. Okay
Us. Group. Rolls. Right click. And. Create. We're. Do you do. Create. Again. We can name it. Give us some definitions. Some privileges. Arameters. Okay. See if I can. Do mine. Hello. I don't think. I'm giving us one. Services. Can log in. Is a super user. Can initiate. Can do all the things. Okay Okay. Parameter security. Save. Okay. Well, that was fun. I think. Is there anything else that y'all would be curious about with like creating a user? Because so far that seems pretty. Pretty self explanatory. Although I could see. I think it's going to be will soften
Okay. Parameter security. Save. Okay. Well, that was fun. I think. Is there anything else that y'all would be curious about with like creating a user? Because so far that seems pretty. Pretty self explanatory. Although I could see. I think it's going to be will soften We need to maybe go into that. We need to maybe go and understand. Evelages. Um, so. That's you. Yeah. Um. You know, one of my like spacing has all this understanding privileges. There we go. We also... So..
We need to maybe go into that. We need to maybe go and understand. Evelages. Um, so. That's you. Yeah. Um. You know, one of my like spacing has all this understanding privileges. There we go. We also... So.. We also... So... What's the difference between explaining user, number Okay, well, hey, I got step two out of the three things I wanted to get done. I got two done. I feel like we're doing pretty good. And what was number three? Create, schemas and tables. Oh, Joy
We also... So... What's the difference between explaining user, number Okay, well, hey, I got step two out of the three things I wanted to get done. I got two done. I feel like we're doing pretty good. And what was number three? Create, schemas and tables. Oh, Joy Oh, Joy. Let's see if we can get this done. If not, I will come back to it later this week. Right on the room there. So we're going to go to room here. Yay. Okay. Oh, that's a bunch of dots. Okay. Now that was really weird. That's fun. We'll do that. Sure. Why not? Okay
Oh, Joy. Let's see if we can get this done. If not, I will come back to it later this week. Right on the room there. So we're going to go to room here. Yay. Okay. Oh, that's a bunch of dots. Okay. Now that was really weird. That's fun. We'll do that. Sure. Why not? Okay Why not? Okay. So I'm guessing I would do it as schemas. Okay. Okay. What if I want to create a new one? Probably the right click again. Yay. Create a schema. I'll just name it what it is. Create a schema. I'm not doing any spaces in it. So that way. Okay. We can just say, wait, save. Oh, hey
Why not? Okay. So I'm guessing I would do it as schemas. Okay. Okay. What if I want to create a new one? Probably the right click again. Yay. Create a schema. I'll just name it what it is. Create a schema. I'm not doing any spaces in it. So that way. Okay. We can just say, wait, save. Oh, hey Oh, hey. It did the things and stuff. No. Feel like... Oh, it has a nice query tool. Look at that. Oh, that's fun. Okay. That's not what we need right now, though. I have to remind myself not to get like too horribly distracted. Okay. So to create this schema is... I'm as... 1 through 7
Oh, hey. It did the things and stuff. No. Feel like... Oh, it has a nice query tool. Look at that. Oh, that's fun. Okay. That's not what we need right now, though. I have to remind myself not to get like too horribly distracted. Okay. So to create this schema is... I'm as... 1 through 7.. 1 through 7. And then 8 for this one would be 8. A lot. Schemas. My click. And I believe it's that creates... I create schema. I'll just... Sure. Go over here. And for this one. I could say I'm the owner. Yay. Let's look into... Reminds on this. Okay. Change my Kelly. 1 and 2. Security
.. 1 through 7. And then 8 for this one would be 8. A lot. Schemas. My click. And I believe it's that creates... I create schema. I'll just... Sure. Go over here. And for this one. I could say I'm the owner. Yay. Let's look into... Reminds on this. Okay. Change my Kelly. 1 and 2. Security 1 and 2. Security. Default privileges. And SQL. 1. Good. So... Okay. So got that on my to-do list. That's cool. We'll just close this. We don't need this. But now that we have a schema. Hmm. Ables. Create a table. So the same. Ah, color. This is why I do colors. So 9 is... Let's see. Ah. Next
1 and 2. Security. Default privileges. And SQL. 1. Good. So... Okay. So got that on my to-do list. That's cool. We'll just close this. We don't need this. But now that we have a schema. Hmm. Ables. Create a table. So the same. Ah, color. This is why I do colors. So 9 is... Let's see. Ah. Next Ah. Next. Then... Desired. Schema. Right click. Right. The word. Right click. 2. Create. And I think this is what I need to figure out
Ah. Next. Then... Desired. Schema. Right click. Right. The word. Right click. 2. Create. And I think this is what I need to figure out Also asking like more questions about like, what's the difference between a schema and a table? Well, I can tell just by like, the structure of it that a table is within a schema. I believe you could have a lot of tables. I don't know. So let's ask them questions, but into the questions. Oh no
Also asking like more questions about like, what's the difference between a schema and a table? Well, I can tell just by like, the structure of it that a table is within a schema. I believe you could have a lot of tables. I don't know. So let's ask them questions, but into the questions. Oh no Oh no. I don't change the color again. Okay. Thank you. Once. Then, just. Then, schema and table. And, uh, B, M, M, One table in schema. Why. Oh. Schema. And, um, database. Yay. Okay, cool. And so I feel like columns are pretty self-explanatory advances. Well, advanced
Oh no. I don't change the color again. Okay. Thank you. Once. Then, just. Then, schema and table. And, uh, B, M, M, One table in schema. Why. Oh. Schema. And, um, database. Yay. Okay, cool. And so I feel like columns are pretty self-explanatory advances. Well, advanced Well, advanced. So we're going to skip over it. Um, constraints. I need to figure out. Mail. She's yelling at me again. Partitions seem to make enough sense, but I think that is because I had two partition my. My laptop so I could put a Genshin impact on it. So I had to install windows on
Well, advanced. So we're going to skip over it. Um, constraints. I need to figure out. Mail. She's yelling at me again. Partitions seem to make enough sense, but I think that is because I had two partition my. My laptop so I could put a Genshin impact on it. So I had to install windows on So, okay. So yes, I'm not completely done yet. I feel like this is definitely. See this one doesn't have any tables either. I'm going to go. Look into this as well and see what they have. And go follow up. I have a lot of follow up questions. Yay. So it's from today
So, okay. So yes, I'm not completely done yet. I feel like this is definitely. See this one doesn't have any tables either. I'm going to go. Look into this as well and see what they have. And go follow up. I have a lot of follow up questions. Yay. So it's from today So it's from today. Hopefully there's somewhat legible. If you would like a screenshot, please let me know. I will probably screenshot this and just share on the Twitter's. I know not everybody Twitter's. I know I need to get better about other social media. But it's it's what works best for me
So it's from today. Hopefully there's somewhat legible. If you would like a screenshot, please let me know. I will probably screenshot this and just share on the Twitter's. I know not everybody Twitter's. I know I need to get better about other social media. But it's it's what works best for me So we will you need it. So let me go ahead and. Okay, just kidding. I just got a phone call. Hang on. Okay, so. I will definitely share these notes. I feel like I could do it in a much better way after this. Make it thicker. Yeah. Oh yeah, the yellow
So we will you need it. So let me go ahead and. Okay, just kidding. I just got a phone call. Hang on. Okay, so. I will definitely share these notes. I feel like I could do it in a much better way after this. Make it thicker. Yeah. Oh yeah, the yellow That's you can see the yellow one is big, but not when it's too tiny. So it is. Think that's out more legible. Yeah, let's make them purple. It's purple better. Oh, we forgot the. E. I'll purple purple. Okay, let's see if purple's better. Think it's better. But that is the notes of today and
That's you can see the yellow one is big, but not when it's too tiny. So it is. Think that's out more legible. Yeah, let's make them purple. It's purple better. Oh, we forgot the. E. I'll purple purple. Okay, let's see if purple's better. Think it's better. But that is the notes of today and If you need some questions for next week and things to work on, I also maybe doing this a little later this week. Probably during the evening time in the US again, it makes it a little easier for me to like catch up and. I'm working with working everything
If you need some questions for next week and things to work on, I also maybe doing this a little later this week. Probably during the evening time in the US again, it makes it a little easier for me to like catch up and. I'm working with working everything So thank you again for everybody for joining today. Please make sure that you follow on the. What am I on? Which which which. And you know, subscribe on the YouTube's. I will. Drop the YouTube. On here. So that way y'all know where to go. And I will work on getting my
So thank you again for everybody for joining today. Please make sure that you follow on the. What am I on? Which which which. And you know, subscribe on the YouTube's. I will. Drop the YouTube. On here. So that way y'all know where to go. And I will work on getting my I will talk about area updated so that way you all also see. Options of commands. So thank you again, everyone. And have a wonderful night. Bye.
I will talk about area updated so that way you all also see. Options of commands. So thank you again, everyone. And have a wonderful night. Bye.