Well, well, welcome. Wow. You're a good welcome. Wow. Anthony, you're like that our very first episode. I totally butchered. Say hello as well. So can't believe me for this. Must have jinxed you. Guess it first. Well, I can't introduce you. Oh, yes Oh, yes. Welcome to Teach Gen Tech with Genja NaNathy Kim Folo. Genja's a developed rabbit kid at Avent where she teaches people about databases and APIs that even Kafka and my name is Anthony Kim Pohl. I'm a developer advocate at EDEO where we deploy sites that are fast
Oh, yes. Welcome to Teach Gen Tech with Genja NaNathy Kim Folo. Genja's a developed rabbit kid at Avent where she teaches people about databases and APIs that even Kafka and my name is Anthony Kim Pohl. I'm a developer advocate at EDEO where we deploy sites that are fast I am keeping that clip forever. That was marvelous. Thank you, Anthony. I was Scott too much. He's rubbing off on me. Oh my gosh. She is so good at doing like the. Pring in the energy. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a video voice. Yeah. And always bringing it up during the streams or during the Twitter space
I am keeping that clip forever. That was marvelous. Thank you, Anthony. I was Scott too much. He's rubbing off on me. Oh my gosh. She is so good at doing like the. Pring in the energy. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a video voice. Yeah. And always bringing it up during the streams or during the Twitter space The space is, yeah. You're good. Yeah, this is primary job. He does, we call him the station breaks. You have a specific term for when you stop the conversation. You let everyone know you got to follow the people who on the space and that we're talking about this
The space is, yeah. You're good. Yeah, this is primary job. He does, we call him the station breaks. You have a specific term for when you stop the conversation. You let everyone know you got to follow the people who on the space and that we're talking about this And that if you're a beginner or you're just in the crowd and you want to chat, come up and chat. You always hit those three points every single time of the station break. Oh, I like it. Station breaks. I dig it. I dig it. Yeah, super smart. OK, y'all, we are doing, we're doing things today
And that if you're a beginner or you're just in the crowd and you want to chat, come up and chat. You always hit those three points every single time of the station break. Oh, I like it. Station breaks. I dig it. I dig it. Yeah, super smart. OK, y'all, we are doing, we're doing things today We are learning about Docker, which is funny. And I keep doing this of doing things very, very backwards. I will learn about something, try to do something really technical. Like, Anthony's of my first dream was making a react web app
We are learning about Docker, which is funny. And I keep doing this of doing things very, very backwards. I will learn about something, try to do something really technical. Like, Anthony's of my first dream was making a react web app And I have on for sale, where I barely had any idea what JavaScript was. Yeah, but you have site at the end of that stream. That's the most important part. I did. I did. So today, we are going over the basics of Docker
And I have on for sale, where I barely had any idea what JavaScript was. Yeah, but you have site at the end of that stream. That's the most important part. I did. I did. So today, we are going over the basics of Docker I set it up on my computer about two weeks ago, as I've been learning about Postgres. And then we also, for the rest of this week, I have Ben coming on tomorrow, Ben Gamel. And we're going to be talking about the basics of data
I set it up on my computer about two weeks ago, as I've been learning about Postgres. And then we also, for the rest of this week, I have Ben coming on tomorrow, Ben Gamel. And we're going to be talking about the basics of data So I like that this week, we're kind of like taking a step back onto the streams. And then Friday is TypeScript day. I like TypeScript day. You have TypeScript day every week. Every other week. Every other week. Every other week. Yeah. That's good. Yeah. TypeScript days are fun
So I like that this week, we're kind of like taking a step back onto the streams. And then Friday is TypeScript day. I like TypeScript day. You have TypeScript day every week. Every other week. Every other week. Every other week. Yeah. That's good. Yeah. TypeScript days are fun So you know more TypeScript than me right now, then? No. No, I'm serious. I've gotten away from not writing TypeScript. My entire career has been a rare privilege of being a dev road who creates his own templates and projects
So you know more TypeScript than me right now, then? No. No, I'm serious. I've gotten away from not writing TypeScript. My entire career has been a rare privilege of being a dev road who creates his own templates and projects Is that I just built everything in JS and no one can tell me otherwise? OK. OK. I am typing this out for the channel. Which people right now are hearing me that. And they're like, I hate this guy. How dare he try JavaScript and force others to deal with his JavaScript
Is that I just built everything in JS and no one can tell me otherwise? OK. OK. I am typing this out for the channel. Which people right now are hearing me that. And they're like, I hate this guy. How dare he try JavaScript and force others to deal with his JavaScript And I'm like, how dare you force people to deal with your TypeScript? I would say that. I really like, I think it's surprisingly and Josh new this. Josh Goldberg for those who may not know
And I'm like, how dare you force people to deal with your TypeScript? I would say that. I really like, I think it's surprisingly and Josh new this. Josh Goldberg for those who may not know Is the author of this book? And my podcast, technically, the episode is not aired yet, which I feel terrible about since it's a really long time. But it will air soon. Next month or two. Everyone plays with shoes, my sniffles, because they're not going away. It is very springy here
Is the author of this book? And my podcast, technically, the episode is not aired yet, which I feel terrible about since it's a really long time. But it will air soon. Next month or two. Everyone plays with shoes, my sniffles, because they're not going away. It is very springy here Yeah, this week we actually get to start going over part two. Functions. There you go. Functions the most important part. So that's going to map a lot closely to what you do with a React app, where you have a bunch of functions that you're tossing around
Yeah, this week we actually get to start going over part two. Functions. There you go. Functions the most important part. So that's going to map a lot closely to what you do with a React app, where you have a bunch of functions that you're tossing around Do you want to make sure they're type safe? And it's very, very cool doing this because Josh, the questions I ask Josh knows that it's from when I don't know JavaScript that well. Or I know it in JavaScript. Yeah, I don't know the name of it
Do you want to make sure they're type safe? And it's very, very cool doing this because Josh, the questions I ask Josh knows that it's from when I don't know JavaScript that well. Or I know it in JavaScript. Yeah, I don't know the name of it So that's been a huge piece of going through this with him has been, oh, I do know how to do this. It's just I didn't know. It's slightly more complicated with a couple extra steps. No, a lot of times it's been something I've done. I just have no idea if that's what the name of it was
So that's been a huge piece of going through this with him has been, oh, I do know how to do this. It's just I didn't know. It's slightly more complicated with a couple extra steps. No, a lot of times it's been something I've done. I just have no idea if that's what the name of it was Ah, interesting. Yeah, this is why it's, so do you have an example of that? Like what was one of the things was that you didn't know the name of? A module. A module. Yeah, OK, cool. Yeah, that's an important one
Ah, interesting. Yeah, this is why it's, so do you have an example of that? Like what was one of the things was that you didn't know the name of? A module. A module. Yeah, OK, cool. Yeah, that's an important one And if I understand a module, it's basically where it's like a little subsection that it uses your information and that you get types from. So it's like can be a list of like, so I was using it in one of my astral layouts websites that already had typescript set up
And if I understand a module, it's basically where it's like a little subsection that it uses your information and that you get types from. So it's like can be a list of like, so I was using it in one of my astral layouts websites that already had typescript set up And it had a list of all of its types. And each like section of them are a module. So a module is more general than types at all. A module is just a chunk of JavaScript code or TypeScript code in one place. You want to import into another place
And it had a list of all of its types. And each like section of them are a module. So a module is more general than types at all. A module is just a chunk of JavaScript code or TypeScript code in one place. You want to import into another place So you can have a JavaScript module with no types whatsoever, being imported from one file into another file. So that's like the general definition of module button terms like what you're talking about importing types one place to another. That's like a use case of a module
So you can have a JavaScript module with no types whatsoever, being imported from one file into another file. So that's like the general definition of module button terms like what you're talking about importing types one place to another. That's like a use case of a module I don't know if that makes any sense. It does. It does. Great. And that is one of the parts that I found so interesting of my podcast that I was interviewed on. And they were like, hey, so what type of tech do you do? You do databases and event cues and JavaScript is what you do now
I don't know if that makes any sense. It does. It does. Great. And that is one of the parts that I found so interesting of my podcast that I was interviewed on. And they were like, hey, so what type of tech do you do? You do databases and event cues and JavaScript is what you do now And that's like that's your answer. Just like embrace it. I was just like, I know some typescript and some Python. You should tell people that you're the inventor of Postgres is what you should tell people when they ask you. No. And then they'll be so confused. They won't even know what to say
And that's like that's your answer. Just like embrace it. I was just like, I know some typescript and some Python. You should tell people that you're the inventor of Postgres is what you should tell people when they ask you. No. And then they'll be so confused. They won't even know what to say Like I'm kidding, but I work for a database company. Yeah, which is yes, the yes. So it's a lot of like, oh my gosh, I can't believe it's been like almost a year. We are like two months away from it being a year since Peach Gen Tech is launched, which is bananas
Like I'm kidding, but I work for a database company. Yeah, which is yes, the yes. So it's a lot of like, oh my gosh, I can't believe it's been like almost a year. We are like two months away from it being a year since Peach Gen Tech is launched, which is bananas The date Peach Gen Tech started July 1st. You were on July 5th. That was a, so this is nine months ago. And yeah, July 5th, 2022. Oh, it's only because I remember you were my second episode. And you, you are my, Gary was on Friday the 1st. And then you are on Tuesday
The date Peach Gen Tech started July 1st. You were on July 5th. That was a, so this is nine months ago. And yeah, July 5th, 2022. Oh, it's only because I remember you were my second episode. And you, you are my, Gary was on Friday the 1st. And then you are on Tuesday That's the only reason I remember that. And it's crazy because that goes into the language that I'm learning to say because the last year I've been like, oh, I'm learning x, y, d. Well, at one point you learn. And then you could actually talk about it. So you actually know it
That's the only reason I remember that. And it's crazy because that goes into the language that I'm learning to say because the last year I've been like, oh, I'm learning x, y, d. Well, at one point you learn. And then you could actually talk about it. So you actually know it You're not just learning it. And I didn't know how to talk about that. But that is OK. Well, we can move in to the dockerness. Well, let me drop this in a couple of this chords real quick. OK, so I'll watch you come hang out. I feel lonely. I feel lonely. There's no one in the chat right now
You're not just learning it. And I didn't know how to talk about that. But that is OK. Well, we can move in to the dockerness. Well, let me drop this in a couple of this chords real quick. OK, so I'll watch you come hang out. I feel lonely. I feel lonely. There's no one in the chat right now Well, I think it's because everyone else decided to stream at the same time. B. Dougie is streaming, Rizella is streaming, Ramona is streaming, Josh is streaming. How dare B. Dougie stream right now? We are all streaming at the same time
Well, I think it's because everyone else decided to stream at the same time. B. Dougie is streaming, Rizella is streaming, Ramona is streaming, Josh is streaming. How dare B. Dougie stream right now? We are all streaming at the same time And this is one of the best and worst parts about being friends with streamers. Is 9 times out of 10, you have something to go watch. I'm especially fun because I would be watching B. Dougie stream right now. He hasn't streamed. And he's been very surprised. And last like three months
And this is one of the best and worst parts about being friends with streamers. Is 9 times out of 10, you have something to go watch. I'm especially fun because I would be watching B. Dougie stream right now. He hasn't streamed. And he's been very surprised. And last like three months And this was the first stream I ever watched. I started watching B. Dougie stream two years ago. This is the first discord I was ever into. That's crazy. I love how with discord, you just kind of end up. What are the things you did? And it was trying not to overwhelm me with discord
And this was the first stream I ever watched. I started watching B. Dougie stream two years ago. This is the first discord I was ever into. That's crazy. I love how with discord, you just kind of end up. What are the things you did? And it was trying not to overwhelm me with discord I hear a video like one discord every couple of weeks. Yeah. And I'm not very active in any of them. But they're there now. And you have resources if you need them. That's the important part. I'm only active in one discord. And it's the open source raid guild. And it's. Jacob's the score
I hear a video like one discord every couple of weeks. Yeah. And I'm not very active in any of them. But they're there now. And you have resources if you need them. That's the important part. I'm only active in one discord. And it's the open source raid guild. And it's. Jacob's the score Jacob's the score. I'm in that one. I'm not active at all in it though. Yeah. That is my go to. Like I always ask questions there. Yeah. So mine. I have mine ranked honestly, which is. Ooh. Because it's top to bottom. So you rank it whether you are realizing it or not
Jacob's the score. I'm in that one. I'm not active at all in it though. Yeah. That is my go to. Like I always ask questions there. Yeah. So mine. I have mine ranked honestly, which is. Ooh. Because it's top to bottom. So you rank it whether you are realizing it or not So my ranking is like a redwood JS. It's always going to be on top even though I really don't hang out in very much. Then lunch dev. Then theos discord. Then swix is discord. Then open sauce. Rhymes discord. Then show my chat. Which is not super active. It has the best collection of streamers
So my ranking is like a redwood JS. It's always going to be on top even though I really don't hang out in very much. Then lunch dev. Then theos discord. Then swix is discord. Then open sauce. Rhymes discord. Then show my chat. Which is not super active. It has the best collection of streamers Tech streamers that exist. He does. Yeah. That one's going to blow up one day. And then Nick Taylor's discord. I'm developer. Hey. Nick Taylor has a discord. He does. I'll send you an invite. And then learn build teach, which is James Q. Quick's discord. And then unicorn utterances
Tech streamers that exist. He does. Yeah. That one's going to blow up one day. And then Nick Taylor's discord. I'm developer. Hey. Nick Taylor has a discord. He does. I'll send you an invite. And then learn build teach, which is James Q. Quick's discord. And then unicorn utterances There's a new one I just joined. We'll see on a Corbin. Corbin is discord. Corbin crutchly. Corbin is discord. Trash is discord. And then friend horse. I feel bad because friend horse used to be up like seven places. But the conversations are not fully what I'm into these days
There's a new one I just joined. We'll see on a Corbin. Corbin is discord. Corbin crutchly. Corbin is discord. Trash is discord. And then friend horse. I feel bad because friend horse used to be up like seven places. But the conversations are not fully what I'm into these days So I don't much time in front of discord anymore. But I love all of the shows. He's the man. I Corbin and I just became friends a few weeks ago when we had a Friday night stream that had like 12 people on stream at once. Yeah. No, I hopped in for like five minutes on that one. It looks super fun
So I don't much time in front of discord anymore. But I love all of the shows. He's the man. I Corbin and I just became friends a few weeks ago when we had a Friday night stream that had like 12 people on stream at once. Yeah. No, I hopped in for like five minutes on that one. It looks super fun It looks super fun. I was like I was coding and everybody else was bullshitting. And then I would just interrupt to ask questions. Oh my gosh. Be duggy. You're here. Yeah. He probably just popped into a leave of message before he starts his stream. Yeah. Yeah
It looks super fun. I was like I was coding and everybody else was bullshitting. And then I would just interrupt to ask questions. Oh my gosh. Be duggy. You're here. Yeah. He probably just popped into a leave of message before he starts his stream. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I'm trying to get a secret sauce episode going with Brian. Have you watched any of his secret sauce interviews? Yes. They're really good. They're so good. Yeah. Have you watched him with Ryan Carniato? No. So watch that. That's probably my favorite one he's done
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I'm trying to get a secret sauce episode going with Brian. Have you watched any of his secret sauce interviews? Yes. They're really good. They're so good. Yeah. Have you watched him with Ryan Carniato? No. So watch that. That's probably my favorite one he's done Can you link that one for everybody? Yes. If you have that up, I would say like if you, I don't know if anybody else has this, but there's like people that make an impact on your life in your career that you don't talk to often
Can you link that one for everybody? Yes. If you have that up, I would say like if you, I don't know if anybody else has this, but there's like people that make an impact on your life in your career that you don't talk to often And that would be be duggy because he has an impact on everyone's career. And not everyone has, he doesn't have enough bandwidth to talk to everyone all the time. It's weird because like if I were to be like, hi. I wouldn't know what to say to them
And that would be be duggy because he has an impact on everyone's career. And not everyone has, he doesn't have enough bandwidth to talk to everyone all the time. It's weird because like if I were to be like, hi. I wouldn't know what to say to them Well, just because with people like that, if you have like things to do, like I only message Brian like if there's like, I want him on my podcast, I think I could be on his podcast. There's like a collaboration we can do like I would just like message him around
Well, just because with people like that, if you have like things to do, like I only message Brian like if there's like, I want him on my podcast, I think I could be on his podcast. There's like a collaboration we can do like I would just like message him around Hey, how's it going buddy? You know, because like he's a busy dude, you know, I guess time for those kind of messages. So, but as long as you can find like you've had him on teach at tech
Hey, how's it going buddy? You know, because like he's a busy dude, you know, I guess time for those kind of messages. So, but as long as you can find like you've had him on teach at tech So like that's a good example of a time you get to a collab and you would be a good guest for the secret sauce because he would love to talk to you about your journey through streaming and getting into the subway. You'd be a great guest for that
So like that's a good example of a time you get to a collab and you would be a good guest for the secret sauce because he would love to talk to you about your journey through streaming and getting into the subway. You'd be a great guest for that So if you're ever in San Francisco, you'd hit him up and be like, hey, can I get in the secret sauce? Sure. Uh, that actually reminds me when he was supposed to be on my stream is when I dumped water on my laptop. Yeah, I remember that. It was it was hard blanket yet
So if you're ever in San Francisco, you'd hit him up and be like, hey, can I get in the secret sauce? Sure. Uh, that actually reminds me when he was supposed to be on my stream is when I dumped water on my laptop. Yeah, I remember that. It was it was hard blanket yet Yeah, you eventually got him on. I'll drop a link for that one too. Yes. Yes. He did come on the show. He was so kind. It's one of those people that like whenever I get really nervous because I've had to like post-poll num or like life happens, I get like more nervous about the stream
Yeah, you eventually got him on. I'll drop a link for that one too. Yes. Yes. He did come on the show. He was so kind. It's one of those people that like whenever I get really nervous because I've had to like post-poll num or like life happens, I get like more nervous about the stream And then I'm like, oh yeah, it's not that bad. Okay. Cool. Are there only six videos showing up on the Peach Gen Tech YouTube? Because they're all live streams. I'm slowly going to be taking downloading them as from live streams. This is confusing. I really hate that YouTube does this
And then I'm like, oh yeah, it's not that bad. Okay. Cool. Are there only six videos showing up on the Peach Gen Tech YouTube? Because they're all live streams. I'm slowly going to be taking downloading them as from live streams. This is confusing. I really hate that YouTube does this That's a big reason I started doing it where this is only going to Twitch and then I downloaded and uploaded to YouTube. It actually does better that way than it does with the live streams to YouTube. Sorry, so again, you upload it to where and to where. So I stream with Twitch so it downloads
That's a big reason I started doing it where this is only going to Twitch and then I downloaded and uploaded to YouTube. It actually does better that way than it does with the live streams to YouTube. Sorry, so again, you upload it to where and to where. So I stream with Twitch so it downloads I can download it from Twitch and then I manually upload it to YouTube. So we're not going on YouTube right now. Right. Okay. Yeah, that's I do that the same way with mine and then sometimes I spend a month putting me off uploading the YouTube video like I just did. Here it is. Yeah. That is
I can download it from Twitch and then I manually upload it to YouTube. So we're not going on YouTube right now. Right. Okay. Yeah, that's I do that the same way with mine and then sometimes I spend a month putting me off uploading the YouTube video like I just did. Here it is. Yeah. That is Yeah. That is. You don't have Brian Douglas's name or open sauce in the title of this video. I think we forever to find it. This is why I need to go back through and do them
Yeah. That is. You don't have Brian Douglas's name or open sauce in the title of this video. I think we forever to find it. This is why I need to go back through and do them Also one of the reasons why I'm like, if I download them as well as from live and move them to you that, which I can change the dates they were recorded. So that's the more. Yeah, I have a lot of ideas of what you should do with your archive to make it a little simpler to go through and sort
Also one of the reasons why I'm like, if I download them as well as from live and move them to you that, which I can change the dates they were recorded. So that's the more. Yeah, I have a lot of ideas of what you should do with your archive to make it a little simpler to go through and sort Ooh, it had a lot of things like that. Yes, please send over my way. I also have my websites to do. So that's that's the thing that it will combine with the website. The website should be the source of truth
Ooh, it had a lot of things like that. Yes, please send over my way. I also have my websites to do. So that's that's the thing that it will combine with the website. The website should be the source of truth So the website should have a page for every single episode and every single episode should have a page with links to everything that happened, including the video and the repo and description and information about the guests and timestamps. Those are the. Yeah, that's the thing
So the website should have a page for every single episode and every single episode should have a page with links to everything that happened, including the video and the repo and description and information about the guests and timestamps. Those are the. Yeah, that's the thing There's only like 77 streams and six videos. So there's only like 80 and I think I have roughly the same for my podcast. So you know, that is all on the to do list. Yay. But yes, everybody is streaming right now, which is great and we will send this after it's uploaded to YouTube
There's only like 77 streams and six videos. So there's only like 80 and I think I have roughly the same for my podcast. So you know, that is all on the to do list. Yay. But yes, everybody is streaming right now, which is great and we will send this after it's uploaded to YouTube So they can watch the recap of how to set up Docker, which should probably start doing. Yeah, we should probably start doing that. Oh, yeah, yeah, we should. Yeah, which. So let's talk about Docker. I can tell you my history with Docker since fun
So they can watch the recap of how to set up Docker, which should probably start doing. Yeah, we should probably start doing that. Oh, yeah, yeah, we should. Yeah, which. So let's talk about Docker. I can tell you my history with Docker since fun Docker is an extremely confusing but useful and now ubiquitous tool in programming. It took me extremely long time to figure out how to use it, which is why I wanted to hop on here and just like walk you through it. An example that's not. It's incredibly complicated
Docker is an extremely confusing but useful and now ubiquitous tool in programming. It took me extremely long time to figure out how to use it, which is why I wanted to hop on here and just like walk you through it. An example that's not. It's incredibly complicated It will take you nine hours to figure out because it took me multiple hours to write this five minute tutorial that we're going to go through because the resources for Docker are so awful or they're just like out of date. And so
It will take you nine hours to figure out because it took me multiple hours to write this five minute tutorial that we're going to go through because the resources for Docker are so awful or they're just like out of date. And so And so. But what all we do is we create a node express server that's going to return a web page with like a single H one on it. That's all it's going to do. Now we're going to containerize that server and then run that container on your computer. We're not even going to deploy it anywhere
And so. But what all we do is we create a node express server that's going to return a web page with like a single H one on it. That's all it's going to do. Now we're going to containerize that server and then run that container on your computer. We're not even going to deploy it anywhere The main thing that I think this example shows is that you can use Docker in lots of different ways because you're using Docker and effort database. So this is not going to be necessarily what you're going to do with the Postgres stuff
The main thing that I think this example shows is that you can use Docker in lots of different ways because you're using Docker and effort database. So this is not going to be necessarily what you're going to do with the Postgres stuff But it's going to give you a better conceptual example of what people mean when they talk about Docker and they talk about running their application in Docker or deploying their website with Docker because when you just run a Postgres database, that's really just for testing purposes
But it's going to give you a better conceptual example of what people mean when they talk about Docker and they talk about running their application in Docker or deploying their website with Docker because when you just run a Postgres database, that's really just for testing purposes Like some people will actually deploy their Postgres database as an Docker container and those people are saying themselves up for a bad time in the future because you should not put your database in an ephemeral server that is running in a container that can be wiped out at any time
Like some people will actually deploy their Postgres database as an Docker container and those people are saying themselves up for a bad time in the future because you should not put your database in an ephemeral server that is running in a container that can be wiped out at any time Some people do it anyway though. I do it with a bunch of my railway applications. That's because they're kind of demo apps. But for the most part, you're running a database. You want to actually run that database on a database server, which is not using Docker
Some people do it anyway though. I do it with a bunch of my railway applications. That's because they're kind of demo apps. But for the most part, you're running a database. You want to actually run that database on a database server, which is not using Docker What Docker is doing is is taking that database and it's creating kind of like a virtual version, self-contained version of it that can just run on your computer in a way that makes it simpler to access and to work with than if you're actually running Postgres on your computer
What Docker is doing is is taking that database and it's creating kind of like a virtual version, self-contained version of it that can just run on your computer in a way that makes it simpler to access and to work with than if you're actually running Postgres on your computer You've gone through this whole struggle of trying to download and run Postgres on your local computer, which is something I actually think developers should not do. I think that is not something. Oh, yeah. It was just the experience of seeing if I could do it
You've gone through this whole struggle of trying to download and run Postgres on your local computer, which is something I actually think developers should not do. I think that is not something. Oh, yeah. It was just the experience of seeing if I could do it Yeah, you should do it to learn how to do it. So you can know why you should never do it again. This is what that exercise is. So what more people do is they'll run it in a Docker container, which is what you're kind of learning to do. Or logo wants to be over further
Yeah, you should do it to learn how to do it. So you can know why you should never do it again. This is what that exercise is. So what more people do is they'll run it in a Docker container, which is what you're kind of learning to do. Or logo wants to be over further What I do is I just deploy a Postgres database on railway, which is running in a Docker container on railway. But then it's not running on my machine
What I do is I just deploy a Postgres database on railway, which is running in a Docker container on railway. But then it's not running on my machine It's already over a network because then if you're going to have a weird network errors, you can debug that by working with a live database in production. It's just a live database in production that you can blow away at any point in time. So that's mostly what I recommend
It's already over a network because then if you're going to have a weird network errors, you can debug that by working with a live database in production. It's just a live database in production that you can blow away at any point in time. So that's mostly what I recommend But as I was saying, what we're going to do today has nothing to do with any of that. We're just going to run a node server just to kind of figure out what's it like to use Docker. It's like build and deploy a very, very small tiny application
But as I was saying, what we're going to do today has nothing to do with any of that. We're just going to run a node server just to kind of figure out what's it like to use Docker. It's like build and deploy a very, very small tiny application And I realized that I probably should have prepped you for these questions. You shouldn't have all your better answers if you don't. Okay. Well, then I will ask them when we get to it. So let me go ahead. I've already. So once we get done today, y'all, I will have a read me to share
And I realized that I probably should have prepped you for these questions. You shouldn't have all your better answers if you don't. Okay. Well, then I will ask them when we get to it. So let me go ahead. I've already. So once we get done today, y'all, I will have a read me to share This is something I've been working on doing and Anthony is of a reason why. And oh, I do want to share this. It's not an official read me. It's very similar, but I have to start doing this so that way I could get help on my post growth project
This is something I've been working on doing and Anthony is of a reason why. And oh, I do want to share this. It's not an official read me. It's very similar, but I have to start doing this so that way I could get help on my post growth project So this actually, which this will be very easy to put into a read me. So share screen entire screen. All right. So this is basically a giant read me because it's. But you wrote in a Google doc because you hate yourself
So this actually, which this will be very easy to put into a read me. So share screen entire screen. All right. So this is basically a giant read me because it's. But you wrote in a Google doc because you hate yourself No, because I need other people's feedback and be able to change it very easily. It's only we had collaborate on a read me and a GitHub repo. Sir, sir, I just hate Google docs. I understand why lots of people use it
No, because I need other people's feedback and be able to change it very easily. It's only we had collaborate on a read me and a GitHub repo. Sir, sir, I just hate Google docs. I understand why lots of people use it It's a lot easier to collaborate just that is you can leave comments and you'll go out with a PR and that. Yeah. So it was really helpful. And this is why I was like so excited because yes, you make fun of me for having to use my tablet to write it down and then upload it
It's a lot easier to collaborate just that is you can leave comments and you'll go out with a PR and that. Yeah. So it was really helpful. And this is why I was like so excited because yes, you make fun of me for having to use my tablet to write it down and then upload it I don't make fun of you for that. I'm telling you, you're adding an extra step to your workflow. And that's like, that's okay. But if you spend more time practicing typing out your thoughts and a read me, it may be harder now, but you'll get better at it as you do it more. That's all I'm saying
I don't make fun of you for that. I'm telling you, you're adding an extra step to your workflow. And that's like, that's okay. But if you spend more time practicing typing out your thoughts and a read me, it may be harder now, but you'll get better at it as you do it more. That's all I'm saying You can do what you want to do in whatever you find easier right now, but you can develop skills by practicing that. That's my point. I agree with that. And also people have different learning techniques and sometimes they do take extra steps, which is annoying. But I was so excited
You can do what you want to do in whatever you find easier right now, but you can develop skills by practicing that. That's my point. I agree with that. And also people have different learning techniques and sometimes they do take extra steps, which is annoying. But I was so excited I have an education to grammar teacher
I have an education to grammar teacher I understand that, but I would also still recommend you try moti modal stuff because even people who excel at a certain kind of learning should do other types of learning that are harder for them because they will learn in a different way, which in the grand scheme will be useful. And I know
I understand that, but I would also still recommend you try moti modal stuff because even people who excel at a certain kind of learning should do other types of learning that are harder for them because they will learn in a different way, which in the grand scheme will be useful. And I know And I know. And it feels uncomfortable because people don't want to do that because learning is actually hard. Learning is hard, but it is fun. And thank you for the follow. Yes. Yes. We have a lot to cover today. I don't see him. I don't see him. I mean, I know he's a streamer. I can't say no
And I know. And it feels uncomfortable because people don't want to do that because learning is actually hard. Learning is hard, but it is fun. And thank you for the follow. Yes. Yes. We have a lot to cover today. I don't see him. I don't see him. I mean, I know he's a streamer. I can't say no I can't say no. I'm super well, but I appreciate you being here. Thank you. Yay. It's definitely something that I feel like we are. There's so much that goes into this
I can't say no. I'm super well, but I appreciate you being here. Thank you. Yay. It's definitely something that I feel like we are. There's so much that goes into this And y'all, if anybody is wondering why I may come across as mean or give Anthony, funny faces, come across as confident in your own decisions. And that's a good thing. You should have apologized. That's good. Well, I was just going to tell them like you're my internet big brother
And y'all, if anybody is wondering why I may come across as mean or give Anthony, funny faces, come across as confident in your own decisions. And that's a good thing. You should have apologized. That's good. Well, I was just going to tell them like you're my internet big brother That's all I was going to say. Because that's like, but you shouldn't apologize for pushing back on my own advice because that's fine. You should have pushed back, but you should also take into account. Thank you. Thank you. I do appreciate that. Okay
That's all I was going to say. Because that's like, but you shouldn't apologize for pushing back on my own advice because that's fine. You should have pushed back, but you should also take into account. Thank you. Thank you. I do appreciate that. Okay Okay. So we have the guest answer today of teacher and doctor. And then we have doctor up, which I did already download. So we will go through that and see him. I need to check out your content now. Let me go follow back. So that way I can check out mean streamers. I like mean streamers
Okay. So we have the guest answer today of teacher and doctor. And then we have doctor up, which I did already download. So we will go through that and see him. I need to check out your content now. Let me go follow back. So that way I can check out mean streamers. I like mean streamers That would be fun. The meaner the better. I mean, I feel like I don't know. I don't think he is mean, but I do say that's why he makes funny content. But I can't say he's mean. I don't know if that's the right thing
That would be fun. The meaner the better. I mean, I feel like I don't know. I don't think he is mean, but I do say that's why he makes funny content. But I can't say he's mean. I don't know if that's the right thing He's mean to some people sometimes for reasons that he think justifies him being mean. I think more often than not, he's correct. But right now that he is a little mean, but that's because he has a confrontational at he has a confrontation. Oh, that's a good way of saying it
He's mean to some people sometimes for reasons that he think justifies him being mean. I think more often than not, he's correct. But right now that he is a little mean, but that's because he has a confrontational at he has a confrontation. Oh, that's a good way of saying it Yeah, I would say he's mean. I would say he's confrontational, which some people interpret as mean. So it kind of depends on whether people are used to dealing with confrontational people
Yeah, I would say he's mean. I would say he's confrontational, which some people interpret as mean. So it kind of depends on whether people are used to dealing with confrontational people I can deal with confrontational people and I choose not to be confrontational most of the time because there's a certain percentage of people who get very, very turned off by conflict. And that's why there's like a subset of people who extremely dislike Theo. But I think I think it's fine
I can deal with confrontational people and I choose not to be confrontational most of the time because there's a certain percentage of people who get very, very turned off by conflict. And that's why there's like a subset of people who extremely dislike Theo. But I think I think it's fine It's just you're walking a fine line when you do it. That is true. That is true. Okay. So we have a TV list, which I am excited about
It's just you're walking a fine line when you do it. That is true. That is true. Okay. So we have a TV list, which I am excited about And for those who also want to know something kind of funny as well, I was applying for for jobs and having to like get help and approval from whatever project I was working on. Half the time it was Anthony cleaning up my readmeas and restructuring them
And for those who also want to know something kind of funny as well, I was applying for for jobs and having to like get help and approval from whatever project I was working on. Half the time it was Anthony cleaning up my readmeas and restructuring them So they look pretty like this just polishing them, you know, all machine, all the content was there just making a bit more readable. And I did it. Ooh, see, I'm getting a same. I am nice mostly, but I don't mind an argument. It's a good, it's good practice
So they look pretty like this just polishing them, you know, all machine, all the content was there just making a bit more readable. And I did it. Ooh, see, I'm getting a same. I am nice mostly, but I don't mind an argument. It's a good, it's good practice Right because most people are very set in their opinions and it's good to have them challenged and force you to actually defend them because then you may find that your opinion is not as firm as you might have thought it was. Mmm, too shy
Right because most people are very set in their opinions and it's good to have them challenged and force you to actually defend them because then you may find that your opinion is not as firm as you might have thought it was. Mmm, too shy Mmm, too shy. Okay, before we get too far because one thing I have learned saying starting teach Shantak is when there's something that I've given of a to-do list or something like that, I start to just kind of glance over the entire thing so I might know where I'm going. You should
Mmm, too shy. Okay, before we get too far because one thing I have learned saying starting teach Shantak is when there's something that I've given of a to-do list or something like that, I start to just kind of glance over the entire thing so I might know where I'm going. You should You should. That's why there's an outline at the top. Yeah, yeah. Now, I'm very excited because it might be in your article. Let's open your article in a new tab. Okay, I'm not seeing it here either. Yeah, I'm hoping it would be in it. List of images, run an image that is close
You should. That's why there's an outline at the top. Yeah, yeah. Now, I'm very excited because it might be in your article. Let's open your article in a new tab. Okay, I'm not seeing it here either. Yeah, I'm hoping it would be in it. List of images, run an image that is close Create a fill, the container. What are you looking for? What is a container? Like a definition. What is a container? What is an image and what is a volume? Volume will not be in that blog post, because I'm doing it
Create a fill, the container. What are you looking for? What is a container? Like a definition. What is a container? What is an image and what is a volume? Volume will not be in that blog post, because I'm doing it I think the volumes, but the other ones are defined within them once they are first introduced. So for a container, great build a container, where the title will probably be, let's see. Yeah, that's a good question, actually
I think the volumes, but the other ones are defined within them once they are first introduced. So for a container, great build a container, where the title will probably be, let's see. Yeah, that's a good question, actually I don't know if I actually give specific definitions of those two terms within this blog post, because the point of this blog post is kind of to explain each of the steps and what they actually are
I don't know if I actually give specific definitions of those two terms within this blog post, because the point of this blog post is kind of to explain each of the steps and what they actually are And by the end, you'll understand what an image and a container is because I found that giving the baseline definitions don't actually make any sense, but the difference between an image and a container will make sense once you build an image and then run and you build it
And by the end, you'll understand what an image and a container is because I found that giving the baseline definitions don't actually make any sense, but the difference between an image and a container will make sense once you build an image and then run and you build it You create an image, you build a container and you run a container. So where an image turns into a container, it will make more sense once you've done it. So that's why I could give you the textbook definition of both those terms right now. They wouldn't mean anything to you
You create an image, you build a container and you run a container. So where an image turns into a container, it will make more sense once you've done it. So that's why I could give you the textbook definition of both those terms right now. They wouldn't mean anything to you And then we'll go through the exercise and then we can kind of go back to them. So let's just do that. Actually, let's chat GP, this is a good use case for chat GPT. Let's not chat GPT to define a doctor
And then we'll go through the exercise and then we can kind of go back to them. So let's just do that. Actually, let's chat GP, this is a good use case for chat GPT. Let's not chat GPT to define a doctor What's the difference between a doctor image and a doctor container? You are such a chat GPT advocate. Because this is going to give a better answer than any explanation written in the entirety of the doctor docs. I know because I read the doctor docs on their trash
What's the difference between a doctor image and a doctor container? You are such a chat GPT advocate. Because this is going to give a better answer than any explanation written in the entirety of the doctor docs. I know because I read the doctor docs on their trash So people should use chat GPT for this. I will say the doctor docs were easier than the postgres docs. Postgres is the only thing that is worse than the docs postgres. Just installing postgres is so freaking hard. Not even the docs
So people should use chat GPT for this. I will say the doctor docs were easier than the postgres docs. Postgres is the only thing that is worse than the docs postgres. Just installing postgres is so freaking hard. Not even the docs Not even the docs. Like installing should be before you even need to read the docs and you can't even figure that part out. It's incredible. It's the most important piece of software like ever invented and it has the worst website ever. It was tough. It was tough. But that's okay
Not even the docs. Like installing should be before you even need to read the docs and you can't even figure that part out. It's incredible. It's the most important piece of software like ever invented and it has the worst website ever. It was tough. It was tough. But that's okay But that's okay. We move through it and we'll make articles and blogs about it. It will be good. It will be good. All right. Here we go. I'm dropping these in the chat
But that's okay. We move through it and we'll make articles and blogs about it. It will be good. It will be good. All right. Here we go. I'm dropping these in the chat The doctor image is a lightweight standalone and executable software package that includes everything needed to run a piece of software including the code, runtime, system tools, libraries and settings. So that's a lot of words. It's actually not that complicated of an explanation
The doctor image is a lightweight standalone and executable software package that includes everything needed to run a piece of software including the code, runtime, system tools, libraries and settings. So that's a lot of words. It's actually not that complicated of an explanation It's just a big explanation. It almost becomes meaningless. It's actively correct though. I feel like where I was getting confused when I said it was I will ask you after a container. So a container is a running instance of a doc image
It's just a big explanation. It almost becomes meaningless. It's actively correct though. I feel like where I was getting confused when I said it was I will ask you after a container. So a container is a running instance of a doc image That's why I said we'll create an image and then we'll build and run a container. So that's what it means right here. A running instance of a doc image when you start a doc image, it creates a container. See that's great. That's such an awesome way to explain
That's why I said we'll create an image and then we'll build and run a container. So that's what it means right here. A running instance of a doc image when you start a doc image, it creates a container. See that's great. That's such an awesome way to explain I've never heard that explanation before. So and that makes sense. The container itself makes sense. And running a container makes sense. What going back to the image one of where I think is hard for for myself, maybe others was
I've never heard that explanation before. So and that makes sense. The container itself makes sense. And running a container makes sense. What going back to the image one of where I think is hard for for myself, maybe others was Okay, so when we create a project and it goes on GitHub, it has, you know, its own main folder that you go into to be able to make all these changes and things. And so in my mind, that's what I was comparing an image to, but it's not the same folder structure
Okay, so when we create a project and it goes on GitHub, it has, you know, its own main folder that you go into to be able to make all these changes and things. And so in my mind, that's what I was comparing an image to, but it's not the same folder structure Yeah, it's close in the sense that the image you can think of as a bunch of code that's going to exist in a GitHub repo. That's what we're going to be creating in this example. But the important part is what is like the Docker file? The Docker file is what explains how to build the image
Yeah, it's close in the sense that the image you can think of as a bunch of code that's going to exist in a GitHub repo. That's what we're going to be creating in this example. But the important part is what is like the Docker file? The Docker file is what explains how to build the image And that's the vast majority of what this tutorial about is about what are the steps of the image itself. And the steps are going to be is going to take your node project and do kind of what you do on your computer where you're like, how a package
And that's the vast majority of what this tutorial about is about what are the steps of the image itself. And the steps are going to be is going to take your node project and do kind of what you do on your computer where you're like, how a packagejson, you install dependencies, which you have that dependencies, you can run your server and you run your server with a certain command. So those are the steps that are going to be in our Docker image. Makes enough sense
json, you install dependencies, which you have that dependencies, you can run your server and you run your server with a certain command. So those are the steps that are going to be in our Docker image. Makes enough sense Makes enough sense. Yeah, and as I say, a lot of these terms don't make sense until you've already done it. So that's what I'm saying. We shouldn't get too hung up on definitions right now. We should do the thing and then kind of talk about what happened
Makes enough sense. Yeah, and as I say, a lot of these terms don't make sense until you've already done it. So that's what I'm saying. We shouldn't get too hung up on definitions right now. We should do the thing and then kind of talk about what happened I'll let you have other questions, which are, if 25 you have more questions like a time. No, I can't type at the same time. And like I can't talk and type. And I just wanted to post every year blog. Cool. Because I will. This is a good blog post
I'll let you have other questions, which are, if 25 you have more questions like a time. No, I can't type at the same time. And like I can't talk and type. And I just wanted to post every year blog. Cool. Because I will. This is a good blog post This is one that was one of the first that took me a long time to write and I had to research something I knew absolutely nothing about. And I was able to create a resource for myself that I have continued to use for like many years, like this tree being a good example
This is one that was one of the first that took me a long time to write and I had to research something I knew absolutely nothing about. And I was able to create a resource for myself that I have continued to use for like many years, like this tree being a good example And I was learning it because I wanted to figure out how to containerize or redwood because redwood was talking to all these companies that were running containers and we were trying to figure out how to get redwood to run on a Docker container
And I was learning it because I wanted to figure out how to containerize or redwood because redwood was talking to all these companies that were running containers and we were trying to figure out how to get redwood to run on a Docker container And I was like, I don't even know how to freaking run a basic node server in a Docker container. I'm not going to be able to figure out how to do it with redwood
And I was like, I don't even know how to freaking run a basic node server in a Docker container. I'm not going to be able to figure out how to do it with redwood So as I was seeing that conversation play out, I created this as a resource for myself and exercise for myself to learn what a frickin Docker container is and how to work with it. And I feel like it's pretty battle tested. I just ran through it today. Those two years old still works as expected
So as I was seeing that conversation play out, I created this as a resource for myself and exercise for myself to learn what a frickin Docker container is and how to work with it. And I feel like it's pretty battle tested. I just ran through it today. Those two years old still works as expected So we'll see how it goes with you. Let's find out. Okay. So we go. I was yelling. It's got style. I'm not going to lie. I don't think I ever meet in last names. Your last name is super easy and just your agency web depth to this day you are a JC Web. That's good. Yeah
So we'll see how it goes with you. Let's find out. Okay. So we go. I was yelling. It's got style. I'm not going to lie. I don't think I ever meet in last names. Your last name is super easy and just your agency web depth to this day you are a JC Web. That's good. Yeah That's good. Yeah. I don't know if my last name is necessarily that simple. Some people find other ways to pronounce it. And based on just looking at it, it can even be a couple things. Yeah. It's whether it's camp or comp is what people get confused about. Some people say comp hello. Yes
That's good. Yeah. I don't know if my last name is necessarily that simple. Some people find other ways to pronounce it. And based on just looking at it, it can even be a couple things. Yeah. It's whether it's camp or comp is what people get confused about. Some people say comp hello. Yes Yes. That is how he taught me. Camping in polo. That's right. It's like camping in water polo. Camp polo. Yeah. Well, we got there. We got there. And Ellie and I. What's up? When are you coming on the show? Keep talking about it. Ilean. I'm not sure. I know that they're on the Azure team
Yes. That is how he taught me. Camping in polo. That's right. It's like camping in water polo. Camp polo. Yeah. Well, we got there. We got there. And Ellie and I. What's up? When are you coming on the show? Keep talking about it. Ilean. I'm not sure. I know that they're on the Azure team When you come on the show, you can correct this on how to say your name properly, which I should probably follow up about. But hey, we're not working on Astro today for one. Okay. Yeah. All right. So the first steps in the create project section are just going to create a folder
When you come on the show, you can correct this on how to say your name properly, which I should probably follow up about. But hey, we're not working on Astro today for one. Okay. Yeah. All right. So the first steps in the create project section are just going to create a folder And initialize the package.json and then create three files. The job is to file a Docker file and a Docker or the Docker or being much like a get ignore. Well, because I have to do this in terminal because since I don't have a container yet, I can't do it on Docker. Correct. Correct
And initialize the package.json and then create three files. The job is to file a Docker file and a Docker or the Docker or being much like a get ignore. Well, because I have to do this in terminal because since I don't have a container yet, I can't do it on Docker. Correct. Correct Correct. Correct. We're eventually going to run some commands that are going to do stuff that will affect your Docker desktop thing. But that's not until later in the exercise. We have started by just creating a regular JavaScript project. I'm going to
Correct. Correct. We're eventually going to run some commands that are going to do stuff that will affect your Docker desktop thing. But that's not until later in the exercise. We have started by just creating a regular JavaScript project. I'm going to I'm going to. I was so against this when I first started and I'm like, I'm not even going to try to retie all of these. It's just going to be copy paste each command and do them individually. That's very important. Oh, man, lunch devs, Michael Chan's even live right now. That's funny
I'm going to. I was so against this when I first started and I'm like, I'm not even going to try to retie all of these. It's just going to be copy paste each command and do them individually. That's very important. Oh, man, lunch devs, Michael Chan's even live right now. That's funny That's funny. I'm going to go water. I'll be back in just like 15 seconds. I'm counting. Yes, I love how like everyone is streaming today. Everyone. Oh, it was
That's funny. I'm going to go water. I'll be back in just like 15 seconds. I'm counting. Yes, I love how like everyone is streaming today. Everyone. Oh, it was Oh, it was. How many streams are y'all watching at the same time? Because I know that you want to like check in on all of us and make sure we're doing that in support of all. So how many are you watching at once? Okay. I'm back. Yay. Okay. Pop that baby open. And then drop that job
Oh, it was. How many streams are y'all watching at the same time? Because I know that you want to like check in on all of us and make sure we're doing that in support of all. So how many are you watching at once? Okay. I'm back. Yay. Okay. Pop that baby open. And then drop that job It's a great job. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. And then drop that job script code in there
It's a great job. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. And then drop that job script code in there So if you use express with Ramon on your very first episode, so that's what this is going to be. What we got to say. That I finally got co. To work. Hey, what's up? Okay. You're a senior developer. This is why. And it's because when it installed, it installed in download still
So if you use express with Ramon on your very first episode, so that's what this is going to be. What we got to say. That I finally got co. To work. Hey, what's up? Okay. You're a senior developer. This is why. And it's because when it installed, it installed in download still For some reason, it did not auto install to applications. I had to manually move it to applications where most things when they download and you know you drag and drop to install it, they auto moved to the application. They don't auto move it
For some reason, it did not auto install to applications. I had to manually move it to applications where most things when they download and you know you drag and drop to install it, they auto moved to the application. They don't auto move it They usually pop you up with a little window where they have your applications folded right next to it and say, drag it from here to there. So basically, that step right in front of you so you don't forget it. Yes, except. Yeah, you don't want any. So it was in your downloads
They usually pop you up with a little window where they have your applications folded right next to it and say, drag it from here to there. So basically, that step right in front of you so you don't forget it. Yes, except. Yeah, you don't want any. So it was in your downloads So it was in your downloads folder. Yeah. So check your downloads folder every day and make sure there's nothing in there from whatever you were doing it. This is the idea of source of confusion for the rest of your life. I, yeah, I am much better about checking that now
So it was in your downloads folder. Yeah. So check your downloads folder every day and make sure there's nothing in there from whatever you were doing it. This is the idea of source of confusion for the rest of your life. I, yeah, I am much better about checking that now And if you want a fun story about a thing being in a folder that you didn't know, so your whole life was destroyed. I once had a node modules folder in my route directory that I didn't know about. So that anytime I would download a project, enter it and then run a dev command, nothing would happen
And if you want a fun story about a thing being in a folder that you didn't know, so your whole life was destroyed. I once had a node modules folder in my route directory that I didn't know about. So that anytime I would download a project, enter it and then run a dev command, nothing would happen So I was unable to run a dev server on my computer like the first two months of my boot camp because no one could figure out the problem. Sorry, everything in a code sandbox. And then I would fork the code sandbox into a get repo and then I would deploy the get repo on Netlify
So I was unable to run a dev server on my computer like the first two months of my boot camp because no one could figure out the problem. Sorry, everything in a code sandbox. And then I would fork the code sandbox into a get repo and then I would deploy the get repo on Netlify So I deployed my project every single day to show it to my, to show it to my teacher. So I actually learned how to deploy projects like three months before everyone else because I couldn't run it on my computer
So I deployed my project every single day to show it to my, to show it to my teacher. So I actually learned how to deploy projects like three months before everyone else because I couldn't run it on my computer Isn't that incredible? Is that why you like wanted me to use Versailles like my first one so I could show that thing I built? Exactly
Isn't that incredible? Is that why you like wanted me to use Versailles like my first one so I could show that thing I built? Exactly It didn't make sense until like a couple months, probably like two months ago, I had a interview with a company and they were like, hey, talk about why you love Astro. By the way, this interview was not with Astro. It was just here like, hey, I had a good Astro once
It didn't make sense until like a couple months, probably like two months ago, I had a interview with a company and they were like, hey, talk about why you love Astro. By the way, this interview was not with Astro. It was just here like, hey, I had a good Astro once And it was, I compared why people deploy on Netlify or Versailles, just the experience itself. And I was like, I really like, or sell like just the way it, you know, works. And thank you Scott for the follow. Oh, that's actually, that is what you should come on the show
And it was, I compared why people deploy on Netlify or Versailles, just the experience itself. And I was like, I really like, or sell like just the way it, you know, works. And thank you Scott for the follow. Oh, that's actually, that is what you should come on the show No, I feel like Dan should complain, complain, complain. I got it. It's like, okay, anyway, I got it. It's showing. Let me, let me go back. So we got to change that to say teach Jen Docker. Yeah, okay. Let's get you got you always got to change something or else it's not a tutorial
No, I feel like Dan should complain, complain, complain. I got it. It's like, okay, anyway, I got it. It's showing. Let me, let me go back. So we got to change that to say teach Jen Docker. Yeah, okay. Let's get you got you always got to change something or else it's not a tutorial And I actually know what we're doing now because, you got a host, you got a thing and the stuff. And this is like new. This is, you know, not something that I knew how to do back in the day. I'm so proud. Yeah. Cool. So the next part is going to be the actual Docker file. Yeah, look at that
And I actually know what we're doing now because, you got a host, you got a thing and the stuff. And this is like new. This is, you know, not something that I knew how to do back in the day. I'm so proud. Yeah. Cool. So the next part is going to be the actual Docker file. Yeah, look at that Yeah, look at that. That's true. And you need to turn and restart your server because I don't even include node mon in this example. Although apparently node 18 has a way to do that. Well, I already restarted the server
Yeah, look at that. That's true. And you need to turn and restart your server because I don't even include node mon in this example. Although apparently node 18 has a way to do that. Well, I already restarted the server Right, which you normally have to because node itself does not watch for changes, but I think node 18 might have a way to do that if you pass it the right flag. I don't know how to do it right now, but I'm all fed up later. Anyway, let's go to the next steps
Right, which you normally have to because node itself does not watch for changes, but I think node 18 might have a way to do that if you pass it the right flag. I don't know how to do it right now, but I'm all fed up later. Anyway, let's go to the next steps This is where the Docker stuff actually starts. Oh, I should probably install the extension. Install. Install. Oh, that was exciting. Thanks for the install. Okay. So then we're going to copy paste. Yeah. So this copy is the whole thing and then I'll talk about kind of line by line. There you go
This is where the Docker stuff actually starts. Oh, I should probably install the extension. Install. Install. Oh, that was exciting. Thanks for the install. Okay. So then we're going to copy paste. Yeah. So this copy is the whole thing and then I'll talk about kind of line by line. There you go There you go. Yeah. Yeah. I watch flag. That makes sense. I can say, y'all in case anybody was curious, if you want to see me struggle with node versions, especially because we were talking about the duggy earlier, that episode I struggled with node versions. It was interesting to think about this
There you go. Yeah. Yeah. I watch flag. That makes sense. I can say, y'all in case anybody was curious, if you want to see me struggle with node versions, especially because we were talking about the duggy earlier, that episode I struggled with node versions. It was interesting to think about this And it's like a bolt because bolt to makes it really easy to manage your node versions. You should open your window up so we can see the whole thing. Other things. Okay. Do do do do do. At least top wise. Yeah. There we go. Okay
And it's like a bolt because bolt to makes it really easy to manage your node versions. You should open your window up so we can see the whole thing. Other things. Okay. Do do do do do. At least top wise. Yeah. There we go. Okay There we go. Okay. So let me just kind of walk through this real quick and then you can ask me questions about individual things if any of it confuses you. First up defines we're using node where it's node 16 and we're running it in with alpine. So alpine is a Linux operating system
There we go. Okay. So let me just kind of walk through this real quick and then you can ask me questions about individual things if any of it confuses you. First up defines we're using node where it's node 16 and we're running it in with alpine. So alpine is a Linux operating system So if we left off alpine, then you would not download the same bundle of things because this is running like it's running Linux and it's running node. So you can choose to run different kinds of the list because different kinds of Linux have different dependencies
So if we left off alpine, then you would not download the same bundle of things because this is running like it's running Linux and it's running node. So you can choose to run different kinds of the list because different kinds of Linux have different dependencies So this ensures that your Docker file ends up small and lightweight. It's gave you like 100 megabytes instead of like two gigabytes. So that's the only reason why we're using alpine specifically for someone who's new to Docker
So this ensures that your Docker file ends up small and lightweight. It's gave you like 100 megabytes instead of like two gigabytes. So that's the only reason why we're using alpine specifically for someone who's new to Docker This is like totally not that important, but just for the record for people who are watching this and are confused about what this means. There's your explanation of why we're using alpine. It's just a way to run node in a very small Linux operating system
This is like totally not that important, but just for the record for people who are watching this and are confused about what this means. There's your explanation of why we're using alpine. It's just a way to run node in a very small Linux operating system This also helps because you don't know if you'll get we receive questions from nine months later. Yay. Yeah, totally. Okay, then work there. This is like the working directory for your project. So it spends up a Linux server for you with a file system
This also helps because you don't know if you'll get we receive questions from nine months later. Yay. Yeah, totally. Okay, then work there. This is like the working directory for your project. So it spends up a Linux server for you with a file system That file system is for slash usr forward slash src forward slash app and the code of our project, which is just a single JavaScript file is going to be plopped in that kind of working directory. Cool. Then we're copying over the package.json and the package lock.json
That file system is for slash usr forward slash src forward slash app and the code of our project, which is just a single JavaScript file is going to be plopped in that kind of working directory. Cool. Then we're copying over the package.json and the package lock.jsonjson. That's why there's a star after package before the dot json. And that is so when we run this server, it will have the dependencies. So what's happening here is kind of what happens every time you run a JavaScript project on your computer, you create a directory, you have a package.json
json. That's why there's a star after package before the dot json. And that is so when we run this server, it will have the dependencies. So what's happening here is kind of what happens every time you run a JavaScript project on your computer, you create a directory, you have a package.jsonjson. That package.json has some dependencies. You install those dependencies that pulls a bunch of code onto your computer. Then you can actually run the project on your computer. It has all those dependencies. So we need to first copy over the package.json file
json. That package.json has some dependencies. You install those dependencies that pulls a bunch of code onto your computer. Then you can actually run the project on your computer. It has all those dependencies. So we need to first copy over the package.json filejson file. We then need to run npm install just command you front tons and tons of times. Then after you run the install command, you copy the dependencies into it. That's why you first copy the package.json, you then run the dependencies, you then do another copy step
json file. We then need to run npm install just command you front tons and tons of times. Then after you run the install command, you copy the dependencies into it. That's why you first copy the package.json, you then run the dependencies, you then do another copy step Then you expose your node on a certain port to expose it on 8080. And then you say, hey, we're going to run a terminal command. That terminal command is going to contain two blocks that were node and then index.js, which is what you ran when you first were testing out the thing
Then you expose your node on a certain port to expose it on 8080. And then you say, hey, we're going to run a terminal command. That terminal command is going to contain two blocks that were node and then index.js, which is what you ran when you first were testing out the thing So basically, this is a way to take the whole process of sticking your current repo and the code in it into some sort of container that will download the dependencies and then run the thing. So this is the image. This is the image that we are creating that will be built into a container
So basically, this is a way to take the whole process of sticking your current repo and the code in it into some sort of container that will download the dependencies and then run the thing. So this is the image. This is the image that we are creating that will be built into a container It makes enough sense. It does make enough sense. That's an explanation that you'll have to go through a couple of times
It makes enough sense. It does make enough sense. That's an explanation that you'll have to go through a couple of times This is what it why took me weeks to write the blog post because I took each of these steps and had to research the word, figure out what the Docker definition was, explain how that definition maps to this project in particular and find the words to actually explain it
This is what it why took me weeks to write the blog post because I took each of these steps and had to research the word, figure out what the Docker definition was, explain how that definition maps to this project in particular and find the words to actually explain it So I actually write this down, step by step, go through it many times, understand what it was conceptually, and then figure out what you're explaining that to other people. And it's like, it's not simple, but once you get it, you'll be able to look at something like this
So I actually write this down, step by step, go through it many times, understand what it was conceptually, and then figure out what you're explaining that to other people. And it's like, it's not simple, but once you get it, you'll be able to look at something like this And it just instantly makes sense. And it's actually an extremely concise way of putting this into a reproducible thing. Without you saying what all of these were, I would have gotten that it was node, but I would have had no idea what Alpine was
And it just instantly makes sense. And it's actually an extremely concise way of putting this into a reproducible thing. Without you saying what all of these were, I would have gotten that it was node, but I would have had no idea what Alpine was Work directory now that I am seeing it, but I would have been like, worked or I don't know what worked or is. I make there. McDerm. Yeah, it might have been hit or miss. The copy package.json. I could start JSON. Yes. Run NPMI. I think I always do NPM install
Work directory now that I am seeing it, but I would have been like, worked or I don't know what worked or is. I make there. McDerm. Yeah, it might have been hit or miss. The copy package.json. I could start JSON. Yes. Run NPMI. I think I always do NPM install So I don't know if I would have gotten it. I is the short form for install and you can change that to just say install and it will still work. I'm going to do that. So that way I remember it. We'll just do, we'll leave it the way it was and then put it in the notes. Yeah, that's interesting
So I don't know if I would have gotten it. I is the short form for install and you can change that to just say install and it will still work. I'm going to do that. So that way I remember it. We'll just do, we'll leave it the way it was and then put it in the notes. Yeah, that's interesting And then copy work that I wouldn't necessarily have known what it was copying
And then copy work that I wouldn't necessarily have known what it was copying That's the step that could be a little confusing because you have to favor from perspective of this is a computer you're loading code onto and then you're installing those dependencies just like you would on your own computer in which case you have that fat node modules folder in your project
That's the step that could be a little confusing because you have to favor from perspective of this is a computer you're loading code onto and then you're installing those dependencies just like you would on your own computer in which case you have that fat node modules folder in your project And then expose 8080 if it was a different port number, I don't think I would have gotten this because it's 8080, it makes sense to be classic port. And then node index.js. It really makes sense. Yay. Alright, let's put you down in there
And then expose 8080 if it was a different port number, I don't think I would have gotten this because it's 8080, it makes sense to be classic port. And then node index.js. It really makes sense. Yay. Alright, let's put you down in there And then the next step is your Docker ignore which is like a get ignore. So this is to basically ensure that stuff doesn't end up in your Docker image that doesn't need to be
And then the next step is your Docker ignore which is like a get ignore. So this is to basically ensure that stuff doesn't end up in your Docker image that doesn't need to be So it doesn't really need like your get information and the node modules because you're basically, it will figure out exactly what dependencies you need. This is the step that don't understand it. Well, sweet don't need to talk about too much but it's not going to mess with it
So it doesn't really need like your get information and the node modules because you're basically, it will figure out exactly what dependencies you need. This is the step that don't understand it. Well, sweet don't need to talk about too much but it's not going to mess with it I think it's just copy paste it over. Let's just go build the image. Yay. Okay. So we got it saved. Everything's set up there. Okay. Yay. So. Alright, so now we got these five Docker commands
I think it's just copy paste it over. Let's just go build the image. Yay. Okay. So we got it saved. Everything's set up there. Okay. Yay. So. Alright, so now we got these five Docker commands These are the only five commands you're going to need to know for an extreme video long times is going to do everything you need to do. The first one is going to build the image. So this is where it's going to go from an image to a built container that can be run
These are the only five commands you're going to need to know for an extreme video long times is going to do everything you need to do. The first one is going to build the image. So this is where it's going to go from an image to a built container that can be run And this is just something that happened inside your computer. You just have Docker running right now but it looks like I see it up top. It is. So if you click here. So you're already good. So that needs to happen before you can run this next step
And this is just something that happened inside your computer. You just have Docker running right now but it looks like I see it up top. It is. So if you click here. So you're already good. So that needs to happen before you can run this next step If you don't have Docker open your run this step is not going to work and it'll be very confused until you start running your Docker program. That that that happens at the beginning of all the time very frequently and having to be like these five times
If you don't have Docker open your run this step is not going to work and it'll be very confused until you start running your Docker program. That that that happens at the beginning of all the time very frequently and having to be like these five times I'm going to write that down really quick because yes, I know you've always are like, hey, you probably don't need to write that down for. I never say that you should write down everything because you were like, hey, they may not like
I'm going to write that down really quick because yes, I know you've always are like, hey, you probably don't need to write that down for. I never say that you should write down everything because you were like, hey, they may not like Need that in the future if I was writing it for someone else and that's my clear side. I'm writing it for me, not necessarily for a specific audience. Right. For the most part though, you should just write for yourself and assume that there's others like you as your audience
Need that in the future if I was writing it for someone else and that's my clear side. I'm writing it for me, not necessarily for a specific audience. Right. For the most part though, you should just write for yourself and assume that there's others like you as your audience So whatever it was, I was saying, you should write that was probably fine to write down. It's very hard to include too much information I've found. Almost everyone includes not enough information. Okay. Those. Okay. Cool. Yay. And so we'll go here and let. Be this
So whatever it was, I was saying, you should write that was probably fine to write down. It's very hard to include too much information I've found. Almost everyone includes not enough information. Okay. Those. Okay. Cool. Yay. And so we'll go here and let. Be this Be this. I think this is Alexis in the audience with peach peachy Lex. She was asked in the Scott, she's their first time learning about Docker. So, and this is what you started learning Docker like two weeks ago, you said? Yeah, like I knew
Be this. I think this is Alexis in the audience with peach peachy Lex. She was asked in the Scott, she's their first time learning about Docker. So, and this is what you started learning Docker like two weeks ago, you said? Yeah, like I knew Well, I let me link the first time I ever looked into Docker. It was we talked about Kubernetes at the same time and PowerShell. It was intense, but I definitely feel like it was worthwhile because it was a lot of high level content that was made what I'm working on now make more sense
Well, I let me link the first time I ever looked into Docker. It was we talked about Kubernetes at the same time and PowerShell. It was intense, but I definitely feel like it was worthwhile because it was a lot of high level content that was made what I'm working on now make more sense That's what yeah, and that's why it makes so much more sense to do those after you've already actually run through a tutorial
That's what yeah, and that's why it makes so much more sense to do those after you've already actually run through a tutorial I just get you something working because every time you talk about something theoretically ahead of time, it won't make sense and they'll do the exercise and then it'll kind of make sense. But you could have just done the exercise before even worrying about the terms
I just get you something working because every time you talk about something theoretically ahead of time, it won't make sense and they'll do the exercise and then it'll kind of make sense. But you could have just done the exercise before even worrying about the terms It depends certain topics are worse than others for this one. Docker in particular, the terms were so confusing and the definitions were so opaque to me that they were just completely useless until I had actually done something
It depends certain topics are worse than others for this one. Docker in particular, the terms were so confusing and the definitions were so opaque to me that they were just completely useless until I had actually done something So you built the thing and if you actually stop right now for a second, and if you look in your terminal, you can actually see it ran each individual step. You see how this is two out of five working directory, three out of five copy, four out of five run
So you built the thing and if you actually stop right now for a second, and if you look in your terminal, you can actually see it ran each individual step. You see how this is two out of five working directory, three out of five copy, four out of five run So it takes it takes each of those steps and runs them individually. So if at a point in time, you tried to install your dependencies and you had a page.js on with a misspelled dependency, it would error and it would say, hey, this broke it, this step
So it takes it takes each of those steps and runs them individually. So if at a point in time, you tried to install your dependencies and you had a page.js on with a misspelled dependency, it would error and it would say, hey, this broke it, this step If your dependencies were all fine, but then you try to run the server at the end and there's an error in your JavaScript code and it crashes, then it would tell you on this step that there is an error
If your dependencies were all fine, but then you try to run the server at the end and there's an error in your JavaScript code and it crashes, then it would tell you on this step that there is an error So right now, because I gave you working code that is going to work fallously, there is none of that. But when you're doing this, you will frequently get errors within individual steps that you need to be out okay, why did it break on this individual step and how do I fix that? Fair enough
So right now, because I gave you working code that is going to work fallously, there is none of that. But when you're doing this, you will frequently get errors within individual steps that you need to be out okay, why did it break on this individual step and how do I fix that? Fair enough I feel like just to something that you were talking about, on being new to tech, if you're doing self learning for myself, it was really helpful to understand theory of Docker and Kubernetes specifically, just because not understanding the big picture really how I struggled with understanding why am I doing what I'm doing
I feel like just to something that you were talking about, on being new to tech, if you're doing self learning for myself, it was really helpful to understand theory of Docker and Kubernetes specifically, just because not understanding the big picture really how I struggled with understanding why am I doing what I'm doing And I see that picture from your point of view. Of a lot of it was what is Docker and Kubernetes and why is one used over the other? How would you define that right now? I'll be curious
And I see that picture from your point of view. Of a lot of it was what is Docker and Kubernetes and why is one used over the other? How would you define that right now? I'll be curious Okay, so I know it's not a virtual machine to explain Docker, but it's easier for me to conceptualize it as that. Yeah, because it's like, okay, cool. Like you're going to, you're basically building on a little container in your computer, but it's not just on your computer
Okay, so I know it's not a virtual machine to explain Docker, but it's easier for me to conceptualize it as that. Yeah, because it's like, okay, cool. Like you're going to, you're basically building on a little container in your computer, but it's not just on your computer It's something that if you put it on to the Docker website in your people, couldn't run it yet. Yes, exactly. Where locally, you can't do that. And it's not going to be set up exactly the same way as if you do a GitHub project. Totally. Yeah. And then and then Kubernetes has that relate to Docker
It's something that if you put it on to the Docker website in your people, couldn't run it yet. Yes, exactly. Where locally, you can't do that. And it's not going to be set up exactly the same way as if you do a GitHub project. Totally. Yeah. And then and then Kubernetes has that relate to Docker Kubernetes. And this is the way I explain it in my own head, not necessarily how I think it works for everyone
Kubernetes. And this is the way I explain it in my own head, not necessarily how I think it works for everyone Kubernetes is like, you could say almost like Docker on steroids because instead of there being like one container, there's a bunch of containers that are connected to each other that can be set up as all duplicates of each other
Kubernetes is like, you could say almost like Docker on steroids because instead of there being like one container, there's a bunch of containers that are connected to each other that can be set up as all duplicates of each other Like if one fails something else will pick it up or they can all be different containers
Like if one fails something else will pick it up or they can all be different containers And one of the key parts of using containers and like Kubernetes is the fact that it you can expand your own resources much easier and do more like paper use rather than having to do like a virtual server that will just have X amount of your stuff with it. Totally. Yeah, that's a great
And one of the key parts of using containers and like Kubernetes is the fact that it you can expand your own resources much easier and do more like paper use rather than having to do like a virtual server that will just have X amount of your stuff with it. Totally. Yeah, that's a great That's a something you got a good handle on what they are then because for me, the big unlock is like Kubernetes is a bunch of Docker containers talking to each other for whatever reason you want, which is understand as important because you don't understand you don't really should not even think about Kubernetes until you understand how to just work with a single Docker container because like what that even is and how it works with other Docker containers in this larger system is going to be extremely confusing until you at least have some handle on it
That's a something you got a good handle on what they are then because for me, the big unlock is like Kubernetes is a bunch of Docker containers talking to each other for whatever reason you want, which is understand as important because you don't understand you don't really should not even think about Kubernetes until you understand how to just work with a single Docker container because like what that even is and how it works with other Docker containers in this larger system is going to be extremely confusing until you at least have some handle on it What a Docker container is. So that's why once I went down this rabbit hole creating this article, I realized I can spend years learning about just Docker and never touch Kubernetes at all, which is exactly what has happened
What a Docker container is. So that's why once I went down this rabbit hole creating this article, I realized I can spend years learning about just Docker and never touch Kubernetes at all, which is exactly what has happened I've never I have never used Kubernetes I tried to install a bunch of Kubernetes tools and figure out Kubernetes hello world. And it was even 10 times harder than the Docker documentation and I do I was not going to be actually working with it anytime soon
I've never I have never used Kubernetes I tried to install a bunch of Kubernetes tools and figure out Kubernetes hello world. And it was even 10 times harder than the Docker documentation and I do I was not going to be actually working with it anytime soon So I have still never actually used Kubernetes
So I have still never actually used Kubernetes But you'll everyone every dev will use Docker probably a lot certain developers will use Kubernetes at their work for certain specific reasons, but a lot of does will there's really no reason to use Kubernetes and if they're trying to use Kubernetes, but they don't need it, then they're going to have even worse time as someone who does use Kubernetes and actually needs it
But you'll everyone every dev will use Docker probably a lot certain developers will use Kubernetes at their work for certain specific reasons, but a lot of does will there's really no reason to use Kubernetes and if they're trying to use Kubernetes, but they don't need it, then they're going to have even worse time as someone who does use Kubernetes and actually needs it Yeah, yeah, and it's definitely something that likes if you go look at the video that I posted earlier, it is very complex yet it helped me at least start thinking about things this and I'm glad my explanation to help so that I'm really happy about that
Yeah, yeah, and it's definitely something that likes if you go look at the video that I posted earlier, it is very complex yet it helped me at least start thinking about things this and I'm glad my explanation to help so that I'm really happy about that And I also wrote a blog of some of the things that helped me break it down of like a server, a hard like a bare metal server to a virtual machine to a I will sell you. I have a cool graphic. I was very excited about my graphic
And I also wrote a blog of some of the things that helped me break it down of like a server, a hard like a bare metal server to a virtual machine to a I will sell you. I have a cool graphic. I was very excited about my graphic And I had to write this for a possible blog for someone else, but they didn't want it and I was like, sweet, I'm going to keep it. Thank you. Yay, canva. And Josh, I'm so glad you're still here. So yes, let's we got it deployed let me come back. And we run images yet. Yeah, so run images
And I had to write this for a possible blog for someone else, but they didn't want it and I was like, sweet, I'm going to keep it. Thank you. Yay, canva. And Josh, I'm so glad you're still here. So yes, let's we got it deployed let me come back. And we run images yet. Yeah, so run images Now what this is going to do is this is going to show you the image that you just built and probably a couple others so open that up wideways so you can see a little clearer
Now what this is going to do is this is going to show you the image that you just built and probably a couple others so open that up wideways so you can see a little clearer So we want to we created is at the very, very top and you can see actually when each of these when you created them, he'll tell you when you created them and how large they are. Which is interesting because So you already did a doctor's tutorial and you already have an Alpine thing
So we want to we created is at the very, very top and you can see actually when each of these when you created them, he'll tell you when you created them and how large they are. Which is interesting because So you already did a doctor's tutorial and you already have an Alpine thing And I was like, what those were some of the defaults that they talk you through by it didn't really make sense to me while I was doing it. So this makes more sense. So what this is good to do now is it's going to run your container and it's going to take port 8080 and pipe it into 49160
And I was like, what those were some of the defaults that they talk you through by it didn't really make sense to me while I was doing it. So this makes more sense. So what this is good to do now is it's going to run your container and it's going to take port 8080 and pipe it into 49160 So now we're not going to access 8080 anymore. We're going to access a different one. So that's why you have two port numbers here. And then you're just you're running it in there's a dash D there for a flag which just means you're running it in detached mode
So now we're not going to access 8080 anymore. We're going to access a different one. So that's why you have two port numbers here. And then you're just you're running it in there's a dash D there for a flag which just means you're running it in detached mode So it's not going to like hang with like a server audit your thing is just going to kind of kick off and it'll be running in a background port. So if that doesn't make any sense, you'll see she'll be able to run the next
So it's not going to like hang with like a server audit your thing is just going to kind of kick off and it'll be running in a background port. So if that doesn't make any sense, you'll see she'll be able to run the next No, it's actually I'm thinking about it because with Postgres, we were because we were doing it with Docker. We wanted to put he'd be admin on it. It we were running into a lot of port issues. So I'm wondering
No, it's actually I'm thinking about it because with Postgres, we were because we were doing it with Docker. We wanted to put he'd be admin on it. It we were running into a lot of port issues. So I'm wondering So I'm wondering. Another reason why running Postgres on a railway and grabbing the connection string is great because you have to worry about conflicting with ports on your computer. There we go. I don't know why that came out, but sweet
So I'm wondering. Another reason why running Postgres on a railway and grabbing the connection string is great because you have to worry about conflicting with ports on your computer. There we go. I don't know why that came out, but sweet And now we're going to see the list of actual running containers. So you have a long list of images you've already created, but right now there should not be a lot of running containers. So the real Apple one is exactly
And now we're going to see the list of actual running containers. So you have a long list of images you've already created, but right now there should not be a lot of running containers. So the real Apple one is exactly And it will tell you the name of the image and it'll tell you the command that's being run, which is not the the node index command. And it's like the Docker entry point commands that's kind of one level abstracted
And it will tell you the name of the image and it'll tell you the command that's being run, which is not the the node index command. And it's like the Docker entry point commands that's kind of one level abstracted Most of this information is not super important, except for the actual ports and the container ID. So you can see the ports is running on, which I already kind of explained. But we're going to do this and you're going to grab the container ID that is spit out there and plug eggs. Yeah, you got it
Most of this information is not super important, except for the actual ports and the container ID. So you can see the ports is running on, which I already kind of explained. But we're going to do this and you're going to grab the container ID that is spit out there and plug eggs. Yeah, you got it Yeah, you got it. I started copying and paste them out of order. I don't you ever do that. I feel like it does a lot of really cool things. And so I make sure get rid guy get rid of the brackets on the end. Great. So that's how we know it's running
Yeah, you got it. I started copying and paste them out of order. I don't you ever do that. I feel like it does a lot of really cool things. And so I make sure get rid guy get rid of the brackets on the end. Great. So that's how we know it's running So now we need to use the name, like angry L back on. And we can use that instead of the container ID. Possibly I'm not sure either way you're going to you would have to run a command to look that up. So to me doesn't really make a difference
So now we need to use the name, like angry L back on. And we can use that instead of the container ID. Possibly I'm not sure either way you're going to you would have to run a command to look that up. So to me doesn't really make a difference Well, if it's like right here, that's why I'm wondering. Oh, look at you get. It's also the nose. Now we should actually open this in a browser so we can see our beautiful website once again. And so it's not 8080 is 49160. Thank you. Nice. Yeah, it should be the exact same thing. You did it
Well, if it's like right here, that's why I'm wondering. Oh, look at you get. It's also the nose. Now we should actually open this in a browser so we can see our beautiful website once again. And so it's not 8080 is 49160. Thank you. Nice. Yeah, it should be the exact same thing. You did it You did it. You're running a docker container. Yay. And then something that you have at the very, very end. And I feel like I always forget what does curl deal. So curl is a way to basically hit a URL and just get the text input that the browser is interpreting
You did it. You're running a docker container. Yay. And then something that you have at the very, very end. And I feel like I always forget what does curl deal. So curl is a way to basically hit a URL and just get the text input that the browser is interpreting So do it and you'll see what happens. And I'm also including the headers as well. So it includes like the content type and the e tag and things like that. And then below that is the HTML that the browser is receiving, which is just a single age to that your server is giving you. Okay
So do it and you'll see what happens. And I'm also including the headers as well. So it includes like the content type and the e tag and things like that. And then below that is the HTML that the browser is receiving, which is just a single age to that your server is giving you. Okay Okay. And then so I'm in docker. And then you'll see it there running at the bottom. You should bump up your font on your docker desktop. There you go. So you see it's running right now. And you can go inspect it. So click it. See what happens
Okay. And then so I'm in docker. And then you'll see it there running at the bottom. You should bump up your font on your docker desktop. There you go. So you see it's running right now. And you can go inspect it. So click it. See what happens See what happens. I never I don't use the idea stops you problem, but it'll give you a whole bunch of other information about it. So this is something that I had to learn as a newbie looking at this. You can't it's not the image or the ports. It's a container. Yeah
See what happens. I never I don't use the idea stops you problem, but it'll give you a whole bunch of other information about it. So this is something that I had to learn as a newbie looking at this. You can't it's not the image or the ports. It's a container. Yeah Yeah. You actually have to click on the name. Yeah. Very annoying. Totally. So. So you're inspecting it. Yeah, just go through all of them. Yeah, see what you can do commands within it. You can see it's files and stats about it. Pretty cool. I think
Yeah. You actually have to click on the name. Yeah. Very annoying. Totally. So. So you're inspecting it. Yeah, just go through all of them. Yeah, see what you can do commands within it. You can see it's files and stats about it. Pretty cool. I think I think. And I still don't understand the difference between like I get it, but I don't get it. It's going to take me a bit to understand like the difference between images and then like a project or something. I will get there. And then the image is a image is a squishy word
I think. And I still don't understand the difference between like I get it, but I don't get it. It's going to take me a bit to understand like the difference between images and then like a project or something. I will get there. And then the image is a image is a squishy word Because it's just the code that represents the thing that you're running, which is contained entirely within the Docker file and the Docker. So the image is like a series of steps that reproduces an artifact
Because it's just the code that represents the thing that you're running, which is contained entirely within the Docker file and the Docker. So the image is like a series of steps that reproduces an artifact So it's going to be different for every project, depending on what your dependencies are, what your notes server does and all that kind of thing. But once you have it as you have the images created that anyone can take that image and run a container based on an image
So it's going to be different for every project, depending on what your dependencies are, what your notes server does and all that kind of thing. But once you have it as you have the images created that anyone can take that image and run a container based on an image So the image is what takes a long time for an individual person to create so that lots of people can run that image without being to think about it very much. Very cool. And then something that's not on here is like you're the hubs and the hub is how it's set up to save to your Docker account
So the image is what takes a long time for an individual person to create so that lots of people can run that image without being to think about it very much. Very cool. And then something that's not on here is like you're the hubs and the hub is how it's set up to save to your Docker account That's my mother post actually. So there's there's a set there's steps after this where I explain how you would publish this onto Docker hub. So I think those images here because it would have taken we shouldn't do this is going to out a whole lot
That's my mother post actually. So there's there's a set there's steps after this where I explain how you would publish this onto Docker hub. So I think those images here because it would have taken we shouldn't do this is going to out a whole lot Yeah, yeah, no, that's like a whole separate episode. Yeah, that's totally fine. I mentioned it because right now, even though I put this this is using Docker, it's local only it's only on my computer
Yeah, yeah, no, that's like a whole separate episode. Yeah, that's totally fine. I mentioned it because right now, even though I put this this is using Docker, it's local only it's only on my computer It is not actually well recommended before you even do that though right now you should do is you should commit this to a get repo and save it. Well, you know what, y'all, I'm not going to do it with CLI because I always forget to do it
It is not actually well recommended before you even do that though right now you should do is you should commit this to a get repo and save it. Well, you know what, y'all, I'm not going to do it with CLI because I always forget to do it Do you have to get up CLI? Yeah, but look, I can initialize a repo here. I mean, that's fine too. The getting it onto the actual GitHub website is the amazing. Oh, wait, actually, sorry, we need to create a get ignore before we do this. Don't don't do that yet. Don't commit anything. Okay
Do you have to get up CLI? Yeah, but look, I can initialize a repo here. I mean, that's fine too. The getting it onto the actual GitHub website is the amazing. Oh, wait, actually, sorry, we need to create a get ignore before we do this. Don't don't do that yet. Don't commit anything. Okay Okay. Create a dot getting your file. And then just put no no underscore modules. That's all you need and dot DS underscore store. And what dot not and then I'll capitalize DS underscore capital S and then all lowercase after that the word store. So sorry, get rid of that extra S. There you go
Okay. Create a dot getting your file. And then just put no no underscore modules. That's all you need and dot DS underscore store. And what dot not and then I'll capitalize DS underscore capital S and then all lowercase after that the word store. So sorry, get rid of that extra S. There you go There you go. Yeah, because then otherwise when other people clone it down their apple they get the stupid dot DS or thing super super obnoxious. New repo commit. Yes. Publish branch. Okay, that's fine. Make it public, not private. Well, I can go back and change it. Open up. Oh, this is fun
There you go. Yeah, because then otherwise when other people clone it down their apple they get the stupid dot DS or thing super super obnoxious. New repo commit. Yes. Publish branch. Okay, that's fine. Make it public, not private. Well, I can go back and change it. Open up. Oh, this is fun Oh, this is fun. Yeah, no, you should make it a public repo because the whole point of these things is it's a learning exercise for others as well. I wasn't against making it public. I was against not clicking it. You're against not clicking the first option
Oh, this is fun. Yeah, no, you should make it a public repo because the whole point of these things is it's a learning exercise for others as well. I wasn't against making it public. I was against not clicking it. You're against not clicking the first option It gives you a reflexively without reading the instructions. I know it's a stronger. Do you have I understand? It's something I do on everything. And I don't even remember how to make it public. Yeah, this is why you can never work in crypto. No, no, no, no
It gives you a reflexively without reading the instructions. I know it's a stronger. Do you have I understand? It's something I do on everything. And I don't even remember how to make it public. Yeah, this is why you can never work in crypto. No, no, no, no No, no, no, no. You would click the thing and then you would lose all your money and you'd be like, oh, let's click that thing to have my money back. No. That is what would happen. Okay. See, we were just really wanting me to learn how to make this public. Maybe pushes. Change visibility
No, no, no, no. You would click the thing and then you would lose all your money and you'd be like, oh, let's click that thing to have my money back. No. That is what would happen. Okay. See, we were just really wanting me to learn how to make this public. Maybe pushes. Change visibility Change visibility. Change the public. I want to make a public. I have read make a public. No. Um, this is why I should have done it from the thing in the first place. I intended consequences. Okay. Yeah. This is why you don't always clicky clicky. But hey, I remembered my password
Change visibility. Change the public. I want to make a public. I have read make a public. No. Um, this is why I should have done it from the thing in the first place. I intended consequences. Okay. Yeah. This is why you don't always clicky clicky. But hey, I remembered my password So it is now public. And we can do this. So do one more thing now. I don't read me and just copy paste my entire gist. Oh my god. I was just about to do that. Yay. So when you do that, yeah, it's good or wrong. I don't know. Copy paste that whole sucker
So it is now public. And we can do this. So do one more thing now. I don't read me and just copy paste my entire gist. Oh my god. I was just about to do that. Yay. So when you do that, yeah, it's good or wrong. I don't know. Copy paste that whole sucker I can fill in my contact details and other stuff later. Yeah. Yay. We like it. We did it. Actually, you can do one more thing. Although I should definitely put all text with this. But. Do you see me? Me. Me. I'm almost done. I'm looking at the alt text that I put on other posts
I can fill in my contact details and other stuff later. Yeah. Yay. We like it. We did it. Actually, you can do one more thing. Although I should definitely put all text with this. But. Do you see me? Me. Me. I'm almost done. I'm looking at the alt text that I put on other posts I don't have to rewrite whatever. I do. See. Why is this so hard to see alt text on? Like if you open the image on Twitter, you have to like, reclose it. Yeah. I'm going to do it. Hey, it's our faces. Oh, that one. Yeah. Yeah. We did that thing
I don't have to rewrite whatever. I do. See. Why is this so hard to see alt text on? Like if you open the image on Twitter, you have to like, reclose it. Yeah. I'm going to do it. Hey, it's our faces. Oh, that one. Yeah. Yeah. We did that thing We did that thing. And to take a page out of Scott's book, please make sure that you follow on Twitch and subscribe on YouTube. Make sure you follow everybody that is currently in the audience right now. And you can find it on Twitter at GenShaw.com. And you can find Anthony at AJC Web Devs. Yay
We did that thing. And to take a page out of Scott's book, please make sure that you follow on Twitch and subscribe on YouTube. Make sure you follow everybody that is currently in the audience right now. And you can find it on Twitter at GenShaw.com. And you can find Anthony at AJC Web Devs. Yay Yay. I mean, like, I Scott, like, I want to do that. Like, you do such a good job at it. Oh, yay. Enjoy dinner. And yes, everyone. Thank you for this dream today. And tomorrow, I have a student during your Twitter space, but y'all, they always have JavaScript jam
Yay. I mean, like, I Scott, like, I want to do that. Like, you do such a good job at it. Oh, yay. Enjoy dinner. And yes, everyone. Thank you for this dream today. And tomorrow, I have a student during your Twitter space, but y'all, they always have JavaScript jam Is it jam? Why do I always get in the mood? Because I also do the FS Jam podcast. So it's easy to confuse them. It's just JavaScript jam. And yeah, you should not, uh, you should leave that section. Save so you can come hang out and just do your stream before or after
Is it jam? Why do I always get in the mood? Because I also do the FS Jam podcast. So it's easy to confuse them. It's just JavaScript jam. And yeah, you should not, uh, you should leave that section. Save so you can come hang out and just do your stream before or after Like, obviously, I'm not saying every schedule the one you have, but I'm not saying every schedule for the future. Normally, I don't have streams on Wednesday. Normally, I'm pretty good. That's even better. Yeah, you're usually there. Yeah. But it might get over by then. I don't know
Like, obviously, I'm not saying every schedule the one you have, but I'm not saying every schedule for the future. Normally, I don't have streams on Wednesday. Normally, I'm pretty good. That's even better. Yeah, you're usually there. Yeah. But it might get over by then. I don't know I don't know. No, it's like during the end of it. If you guys have a time. Sorry, man. Just summary act. My amy talked will his, um, Octa talk web, and an on the, who will be talking about web page test and react performance. Nice. We talk about that. It'll be fun. Yeah. Well, thank you, everybody
I don't know. No, it's like during the end of it. If you guys have a time. Sorry, man. Just summary act. My amy talked will his, um, Octa talk web, and an on the, who will be talking about web page test and react performance. Nice. We talk about that. It'll be fun. Yeah. Well, thank you, everybody And oh, let's. I can do this. Yay. I'm excited. I will. Raid somebody once I figure out where I actually put my twitch page, which is always really annoying. I don't know if any other streamers do that. I always like lose where I put. I don't know if that's cool
And oh, let's. I can do this. Yay. I'm excited. I will. Raid somebody once I figure out where I actually put my twitch page, which is always really annoying. I don't know if any other streamers do that. I always like lose where I put. I don't know if that's cool I don't know what I was looking like. I think I'm gonna be thinking about it. I'm gonna be thinking about it. I'm gonna be thinking about. Twitch itself. She said we. Great. My twitch is not opening right now, but it'll be still going. You should definitely read him. Yes. He is. Yay. Start
I don't know what I was looking like. I think I'm gonna be thinking about it. I'm gonna be thinking about it. I'm gonna be thinking about. Twitch itself. She said we. Great. My twitch is not opening right now, but it'll be still going. You should definitely read him. Yes. He is. Yay. Start He is. Yay. Start. Y'all are going to go watch a great stream. Yay. It's thinking why does it take so long to read? Well, y'all are ready now, bye. And... Yay, they're ready!
He is. Yay. Start. Y'all are going to go watch a great stream. Yay. It's thinking why does it take so long to read? Well, y'all are ready now, bye. And... Yay, they're ready!