to. And now I would like to turn the stage over to Jen Juno. She is. Let's see what I got here. I got you are the developer advocate or a developer advocate for AVEAN and the host of Teach Gen Tech. And I'm going to say it. I'm going to say it out loud. Shit Shit. You don't want to talk about the podcast. So I was going to say I just do cool shit. That's basically my job. It sounds like a perfect job. We would all love the job of do cool shit. And if I get a bit of a guy that just says does cool shit, I'd be all over it. So Jen, the stage is yours
Shit. You don't want to talk about the podcast. So I was going to say I just do cool shit. That's basically my job. It sounds like a perfect job. We would all love the job of do cool shit. And if I get a bit of a guy that just says does cool shit, I'd be all over it. So Jen, the stage is yours Wonderful. Thank you. Thank you. And hello, beautiful humans. As you heard, my name is Jen to not and welcome to break in the stigma of mental health and neurodiversity at work. It is definitely something that is is talked about and not talked about
Wonderful. Thank you. Thank you. And hello, beautiful humans. As you heard, my name is Jen to not and welcome to break in the stigma of mental health and neurodiversity at work. It is definitely something that is is talked about and not talked about And I feel like it's such a good picks up at really well after Felix, Felix, I didn't ask you how to say this. And now I'm going to get mixed up with Felix's feel excise. Like me and try. Okay, Felix, thank you. And we talked about this before. As a heads up, I am not a mental health professional
And I feel like it's such a good picks up at really well after Felix, Felix, I didn't ask you how to say this. And now I'm going to get mixed up with Felix's feel excise. Like me and try. Okay, Felix, thank you. And we talked about this before. As a heads up, I am not a mental health professional There will be discussions about mental health topics. And I bring this up because there is going to be specific parts brought up. And just like, you know, if it's too much for you, walk away. It's going to be your best back. Shut it down or ask questions, you know, only you can gauge that
There will be discussions about mental health topics. And I bring this up because there is going to be specific parts brought up. And just like, you know, if it's too much for you, walk away. It's going to be your best back. Shut it down or ask questions, you know, only you can gauge that So we have a fancy, agency agenda slide. You'll find out who I am, understand a bit more about mental health and neurodiversity
So we have a fancy, agency agenda slide. You'll find out who I am, understand a bit more about mental health and neurodiversity What is the stigma and why do we want to break it? What do we do to self-advocate and creating this supportive environment for yourself and others at work? And then some action items for you. It's going to be a lot of fun
What is the stigma and why do we want to break it? What do we do to self-advocate and creating this supportive environment for yourself and others at work? And then some action items for you. It's going to be a lot of fun All right, so I am always in involving learning new things to overcome trauma I've experienced. So y'all, this isn't, I'm not going to go into details about it. If you want to hear a lot of details, you can go check out my podcast, shit, you don't want to talk about
All right, so I am always in involving learning new things to overcome trauma I've experienced. So y'all, this isn't, I'm not going to go into details about it. If you want to hear a lot of details, you can go check out my podcast, shit, you don't want to talk about I will say on a high level overview, it crosses many dimensions and different times of my life that it really helped me be able to talk about this now. It is something that to this day, I have mental health struggles
I will say on a high level overview, it crosses many dimensions and different times of my life that it really helped me be able to talk about this now. It is something that to this day, I have mental health struggles I found out that somebody, a company here in Denver wrote an article about me about being a tech leader here in Denver and my reaction was on, oh my god, yes, this is like so ridiculously cool. It was, yeah, I don't deserve that. I don't know why they did that
I found out that somebody, a company here in Denver wrote an article about me about being a tech leader here in Denver and my reaction was on, oh my god, yes, this is like so ridiculously cool. It was, yeah, I don't deserve that. I don't know why they did that And it's like that the backwards response to it. And those are still struggles I have to this day. And this is the big reason why, but not the only reason why. I am neurodivergent. I have ADHD, depression, bipolar type to anxiety, dyslexic and PTSD. I also mentioned dyslexic
And it's like that the backwards response to it. And those are still struggles I have to this day. And this is the big reason why, but not the only reason why. I am neurodivergent. I have ADHD, depression, bipolar type to anxiety, dyslexic and PTSD. I also mentioned dyslexic So if you see things dispelled, the sentence doesn't make sense or missing letters, please let me know. So that way I can go fix it because I probably didn't notice. It's very annoying. And also, I just want to say with my ADHD, I straight up finished my deck about an hour ago
So if you see things dispelled, the sentence doesn't make sense or missing letters, please let me know. So that way I can go fix it because I probably didn't notice. It's very annoying. And also, I just want to say with my ADHD, I straight up finished my deck about an hour ago Like I had variations of it, but you know, it got done an hour ago. I am a developer advocate at Ivan. They are the trusted open source data platform for everyone. AKA, I started doing what's next, which is live streaming, teach Gen Tech. And that was super fun
Like I had variations of it, but you know, it got done an hour ago. I am a developer advocate at Ivan. They are the trusted open source data platform for everyone. AKA, I started doing what's next, which is live streaming, teach Gen Tech. And that was super fun And I found out through live streaming about tech and learning life that databases are so cool. Data is really cool. And so yeah, I now work at Ivan, which is does all things data
And I found out through live streaming about tech and learning life that databases are so cool. Data is really cool. And so yeah, I now work at Ivan, which is does all things data And I am also the host of shit you don't want to talk about where I literally talk about all the shit you don't want to talk about. I talk about death, stigma, mental health, neurodiverities, uh, transphobia, uh, poop. We literally have talked about it all. It's currently on pause
And I am also the host of shit you don't want to talk about where I literally talk about all the shit you don't want to talk about. I talk about death, stigma, mental health, neurodiverities, uh, transphobia, uh, poop. We literally have talked about it all. It's currently on pause I got to get, you know, all my projects together. And yes, that is that in a nutshell is who I am. Now, this is, I think, a really good breakdown of mental health and neurodiverity. People a lot of times will put, excuse me, we'll put them hand in hand like they're the same
I got to get, you know, all my projects together. And yes, that is that in a nutshell is who I am. Now, this is, I think, a really good breakdown of mental health and neurodiverity. People a lot of times will put, excuse me, we'll put them hand in hand like they're the same They're not exactly the same. They coincide together. Mental health as Felix also described it in his talk is more about a person's condition with regard to their psychological and emotional well-being. So that's like the overall human
They're not exactly the same. They coincide together. Mental health as Felix also described it in his talk is more about a person's condition with regard to their psychological and emotional well-being. So that's like the overall human Like, how do they cope with normal stress? What about work, productivity, and are you fulfilled by it? How do you contribute to community? Like emotional, psychological, social, spiritual, physical well-being? All of these go into mental health
Like, how do they cope with normal stress? What about work, productivity, and are you fulfilled by it? How do you contribute to community? Like emotional, psychological, social, spiritual, physical well-being? All of these go into mental health Now, there are mental health conditions such as anxiety, mood disorders, uh, psychotic disorders, eating disorders, addictive behaviors. And all of these are different parts of our mental health and they can ebb and flow. They're not something that just stays the same
Now, there are mental health conditions such as anxiety, mood disorders, uh, psychotic disorders, eating disorders, addictive behaviors. And all of these are different parts of our mental health and they can ebb and flow. They're not something that just stays the same So that goes into neurodiverity. Neurodiverity is a concept and social movement that advocates for viewing brain differences as normal rather than defects. And this is something that I, if you all haven't looked them up, he will be mentioned in the resources of something of Wesley Folkner
So that goes into neurodiverity. Neurodiverity is a concept and social movement that advocates for viewing brain differences as normal rather than defects. And this is something that I, if you all haven't looked them up, he will be mentioned in the resources of something of Wesley Folkner I talked to him a lot. He talked to me a lot about my first call when I was like, hey, I want to become a developer advocate was with Wesley Folkner. And he mentioned that he's ADHD and dyslexic. I'm like, what? I can be in tech and read these things. Okay, well, let's do it
I talked to him a lot. He talked to me a lot about my first call when I was like, hey, I want to become a developer advocate was with Wesley Folkner. And he mentioned that he's ADHD and dyslexic. I'm like, what? I can be in tech and read these things. Okay, well, let's do it And it was something that I already had the podcast and it was amazing to be able to start learning and talking about this, yet I never knew you could have these neurodivergencies at work. I didn't think it was possible. I'd always been shut down or told, Jen, stay in your lane
And it was something that I already had the podcast and it was amazing to be able to start learning and talking about this, yet I never knew you could have these neurodivergencies at work. I didn't think it was possible. I'd always been shut down or told, Jen, stay in your lane Stay in, Jen, you're doing it wrong. Jen, can't you get it right? Jen, well, how did you do this? Jen, like do a report. It just never clicked. So I don't think it was possible. But it was
Stay in, Jen, you're doing it wrong. Jen, can't you get it right? Jen, well, how did you do this? Jen, like do a report. It just never clicked. So I don't think it was possible. But it was But it was. Now, how common is it to be neurodivergent or have mental health conditions at work? It's actually 15 to 20% of the workforce. And that's not including who may not be officially diagnosed
But it was. Now, how common is it to be neurodivergent or have mental health conditions at work? It's actually 15 to 20% of the workforce. And that's not including who may not be officially diagnosed A lot of the population has seen that they may have different conditions like ADHD or dyslexia, but they're not actually diagnosed
A lot of the population has seen that they may have different conditions like ADHD or dyslexia, but they're not actually diagnosed And, you know, so the really fun part of this entire conversation, which I actually completely changed this slide because stigma is a much deeper conversation than can be included in this deck itself in this talk
And, you know, so the really fun part of this entire conversation, which I actually completely changed this slide because stigma is a much deeper conversation than can be included in this deck itself in this talk It is something that I talk about quite a bit yet we can't talk about all of the stigmas in the world. I wish we could. For those who may be familiar with a word by context, but don't have a definition, stigma is a mark of disgrace associated with a particular circumstance quality or person
It is something that I talk about quite a bit yet we can't talk about all of the stigmas in the world. I wish we could. For those who may be familiar with a word by context, but don't have a definition, stigma is a mark of disgrace associated with a particular circumstance quality or person And there's four major parts of stigma, self stigma, like more of internalizing something like saying, I'm a disgrace because I have ADHD. That is me saying it against myself. Public stigma is other people telling me, Gen, Gen, you're not that cool. You're not cool because you have ADHD
And there's four major parts of stigma, self stigma, like more of internalizing something like saying, I'm a disgrace because I have ADHD. That is me saying it against myself. Public stigma is other people telling me, Gen, Gen, you're not that cool. You're not cool because you have ADHD That's public. Then you have professional stigma. And that's what I was mentioning earlier was Gen staying your lane. Gen, you're being too ADHD
That's public. Then you have professional stigma. And that's what I was mentioning earlier was Gen staying your lane. Gen, you're being too ADHD Dude, just like, can you get your life together? And then there's institutional stigma, which in my mind institutional could also be like systemic, but for today we're going to stick with like schooling for institutional
Dude, just like, can you get your life together? And then there's institutional stigma, which in my mind institutional could also be like systemic, but for today we're going to stick with like schooling for institutional And that is more of what a lot of those born as female were not diagnosed with ADHD until their late 20s and 30s because it wasn't until the last 10, 15 years that it was realized that that it looked so different from boys between girls. And that's something that created a stigma within schools
And that is more of what a lot of those born as female were not diagnosed with ADHD until their late 20s and 30s because it wasn't until the last 10, 15 years that it was realized that that it looked so different from boys between girls. And that's something that created a stigma within schools So why is breaking the stigma important? It's important because it creates equitable opportunities. And I specifically like I had to go hunt down this photo because there is a difference between equality and equity. Equality is just giving everybody the box like, yo, you need heels? You need heels
So why is breaking the stigma important? It's important because it creates equitable opportunities. And I specifically like I had to go hunt down this photo because there is a difference between equality and equity. Equality is just giving everybody the box like, yo, you need heels? You need heels You need heels or I'm going to give everybody a step ladder. Let's give everyone a step ladder. Well, it's not going to help if somebody and I know this is a global event. Please bear with me. I only know US measurements yet
You need heels or I'm going to give everybody a step ladder. Let's give everyone a step ladder. Well, it's not going to help if somebody and I know this is a global event. Please bear with me. I only know US measurements yet Let's say somebody is six foot two and they have a ladder and I'm five two and I have the same ladder and the fence is seven foot. I'm not going to be able to see over it. So that is what equality is giving everybody the same thing. Now equity is where we give people what they need to succeed
Let's say somebody is six foot two and they have a ladder and I'm five two and I have the same ladder and the fence is seven foot. I'm not going to be able to see over it. So that is what equality is giving everybody the same thing. Now equity is where we give people what they need to succeed This goes into so many different topics which I would love to dive into. But today we're going to focus on mental health and neurodiversity at work. And we will go through tools and what different accommodations could look like later on. It fosters inclusion
This goes into so many different topics which I would love to dive into. But today we're going to focus on mental health and neurodiversity at work. And we will go through tools and what different accommodations could look like later on. It fosters inclusion So inclusion is like there's three parts that really go together is diversity, inclusion and equity. And each of these is inclusion is like saying like, hey, you want to be a part of this book? Like, do this book club with me? And I would go, dude, I'm not going to do a book club with you
So inclusion is like there's three parts that really go together is diversity, inclusion and equity. And each of these is inclusion is like saying like, hey, you want to be a part of this book? Like, do this book club with me? And I would go, dude, I'm not going to do a book club with you I can't read. Well, I mean, I can read. But it'll take me like six months to read a book that would take you like a week. That is not included in it
I can't read. Well, I mean, I can read. But it'll take me like six months to read a book that would take you like a week. That is not included in it Like it's included me, but not really including me, where if I am able to use a tool like Texas Beach or an audiobook, I'm being able to be included because there's different accommodations and being able to bring along everyone. It also promotes understanding and respect, which develops curiosity
Like it's included me, but not really including me, where if I am able to use a tool like Texas Beach or an audiobook, I'm being able to be included because there's different accommodations and being able to bring along everyone. It also promotes understanding and respect, which develops curiosity This is a big part of why it's so important to break the stigma. A lot of times, these stigmas are created because we were taught them. We were taught that something is not cool. I don't know what other word to say for it. We're taught that it's different. So it's bad
This is a big part of why it's so important to break the stigma. A lot of times, these stigmas are created because we were taught them. We were taught that something is not cool. I don't know what other word to say for it. We're taught that it's different. So it's bad So it's bad. Where a lot of times it's not, it's just we don't know how to find out more about it or how to ask these questions and breaking the stigma will help with that. And it also increases productivity and innovation
So it's bad. Where a lot of times it's not, it's just we don't know how to find out more about it or how to ask these questions and breaking the stigma will help with that. And it also increases productivity and innovation Because I know, from my dyslexic ADHD brain, I don't think like a lot of people. And this is something that I've heard a lot. And then Wesley Falken also put in his talk is if you met one neurodiverse person, you've met one neurodiverse person
Because I know, from my dyslexic ADHD brain, I don't think like a lot of people. And this is something that I've heard a lot. And then Wesley Falken also put in his talk is if you met one neurodiverse person, you've met one neurodiverse person We are all so different, even if we have the exact same diagnoses. We are all very, very different. And it improves health and well-being, which overall is definitely something that when you're able to work somewhere that is allowing you to be yourself, you're able to take care of yourself more
We are all so different, even if we have the exact same diagnoses. We are all very, very different. And it improves health and well-being, which overall is definitely something that when you're able to work somewhere that is allowing you to be yourself, you're able to take care of yourself more Is that, should I, or should I not share about my own neurodivergency and mental health that work? No, no, no, no, I don't know if I want to. This face is very accurate. Hey. So here's some questions to ask yourself because it's not always the right call
Is that, should I, or should I not share about my own neurodivergency and mental health that work? No, no, no, no, I don't know if I want to. This face is very accurate. Hey. So here's some questions to ask yourself because it's not always the right call What are my reasons for considering disclosure? Is it something that, you know, if I talk about being ADHD, it would help me maybe my boss understand why it can take me forever in a day to get a task done
What are my reasons for considering disclosure? Is it something that, you know, if I talk about being ADHD, it would help me maybe my boss understand why it can take me forever in a day to get a task done Or should I talk about being bipolar type two of I can have very depressive days, weeks, months, where I'm doing my best and just showing up the best I can
Or should I talk about being bipolar type two of I can have very depressive days, weeks, months, where I'm doing my best and just showing up the best I can But then maybe between one of those two, I will have a day or a week where I will be getting so much shit done that it made up for the last three months that I didn't do much. Those are some pros
But then maybe between one of those two, I will have a day or a week where I will be getting so much shit done that it made up for the last three months that I didn't do much. Those are some pros But what are the potential risks or negative consequences for disclosing? Will it put me in harm? I've worked at places where I've disclosed the stuff's information and I've been excluded from things. I've been told, well, Jen, you're just stupid. No, no, I'm not stupid
But what are the potential risks or negative consequences for disclosing? Will it put me in harm? I've worked at places where I've disclosed the stuff's information and I've been excluded from things. I've been told, well, Jen, you're just stupid. No, no, I'm not stupid I just don't think the way they do. But it's just different. Is there no diverse? And how comfortable am I being open about my own mental health challenges and neurodiversity? This is a big thing. Y'all, I have a podcast called Shit You Don't Want to Talk About
I just don't think the way they do. But it's just different. Is there no diverse? And how comfortable am I being open about my own mental health challenges and neurodiversity? This is a big thing. Y'all, I have a podcast called Shit You Don't Want to Talk About So I literally talk about this stuff all the time. It's fun and not fun all at the same time. And it's exhausting. Yet it's my choice to do so. And I get asked a lot of questions, which I'm putting myself out there to answer them
So I literally talk about this stuff all the time. It's fun and not fun all at the same time. And it's exhausting. Yet it's my choice to do so. And I get asked a lot of questions, which I'm putting myself out there to answer them And just think about before you just go, oh, I'm going to go tell everybody, just make sure you're taking care of yourself first. And choosing to not disclose can be authentic and choosing to disclose can be authentic. Both can be true
And just think about before you just go, oh, I'm going to go tell everybody, just make sure you're taking care of yourself first. And choosing to not disclose can be authentic and choosing to disclose can be authentic. Both can be true Both can be true. So please know that if you're choosing not to disclose something, you're not being inauthentic. This is something that bugs me most because this is something that happens a lot with in my role and so many of our community managers know as a developer advocate, I have to be on
Both can be true. So please know that if you're choosing not to disclose something, you're not being inauthentic. This is something that bugs me most because this is something that happens a lot with in my role and so many of our community managers know as a developer advocate, I have to be on And just because I'm on doesn't mean I have to disclose all of my information ever to you. That doesn't make me an authentic because I'm not telling you every single meal that I eat today. But if you're curious, I did give up sugar last week. So we're on like day eight
And just because I'm on doesn't mean I have to disclose all of my information ever to you. That doesn't make me an authentic because I'm not telling you every single meal that I eat today. But if you're curious, I did give up sugar last week. So we're on like day eight All right, this is a big thing that I truly, truly think is like if you take away anything from this talk, take away self-advocacy because it doesn't matter if you're talking about trying to do this stuff at work
All right, this is a big thing that I truly, truly think is like if you take away anything from this talk, take away self-advocacy because it doesn't matter if you're talking about trying to do this stuff at work If you're working with your family members, if you're working with your partner, if you're working with your children or your parents or your community, getting to know yourself is going to allow you to show up as yourself and allow you to show up for others
If you're working with your family members, if you're working with your partner, if you're working with your children or your parents or your community, getting to know yourself is going to allow you to show up as yourself and allow you to show up for others It also really helps you communicate what you need because if you don't know yourself, you don't know what to tell people that you need and seek knowledge and build this port of network. And this is something that I feel so fortunate about is as I've learned to be myself, I find my humans
It also really helps you communicate what you need because if you don't know yourself, you don't know what to tell people that you need and seek knowledge and build this port of network. And this is something that I feel so fortunate about is as I've learned to be myself, I find my humans And when I wasn't myself, I never knew that there were so many cool humans out there in the world. And yeah, I got this, but my company not so much. What can my company do? Will. They can start with psychological safety
And when I wasn't myself, I never knew that there were so many cool humans out there in the world. And yeah, I got this, but my company not so much. What can my company do? Will. They can start with psychological safety And this one, I did just look up the definition because it's something that I think a lot of us understand this in context, but not necessarily what it means
And this one, I did just look up the definition because it's something that I think a lot of us understand this in context, but not necessarily what it means Team psychological safety is a shared belief held by the members of a team that it's okay to take risks, to express their ideas and concerns, and to speak up with questions and admit to mistakes, all without fear of negative consequences
Team psychological safety is a shared belief held by the members of a team that it's okay to take risks, to express their ideas and concerns, and to speak up with questions and admit to mistakes, all without fear of negative consequences Currently, I feel very fortunate to work with a team that does that because y'all are miserable to done. And I do on my livestream and I do during talks. It's kind of just who I am. Yet I've worked at places that this isn't, this isn't allowed. Accommodations
Currently, I feel very fortunate to work with a team that does that because y'all are miserable to done. And I do on my livestream and I do during talks. It's kind of just who I am. Yet I've worked at places that this isn't, this isn't allowed. Accommodations Accommodations. These are going to be like tools, either physical tools or virtual tools. For myself, some virtual tools is using, I use something called natural reader. It is text-to-speech
Accommodations. These are going to be like tools, either physical tools or virtual tools. For myself, some virtual tools is using, I use something called natural reader. It is text-to-speech To actually make this talk, I use tools to make it because chat GBG, I know it's a very, may not be cool, maybe cool kind of thing. It is, it helped me kind of put my words into a structure. And then I used my text-to-speech natural reader to read it to me
To actually make this talk, I use tools to make it because chat GBG, I know it's a very, may not be cool, maybe cool kind of thing. It is, it helped me kind of put my words into a structure. And then I used my text-to-speech natural reader to read it to me So, because that's the way I best comprehend something. And then I was able to make my presentation. Access to mental health resources and education awareness programs. All right
So, because that's the way I best comprehend something. And then I was able to make my presentation. Access to mental health resources and education awareness programs. All right All right. So these are going to be like workshops, trainings, awareness, bringing it up often, often, Felix brought up the EAP program. There's also ERGs, which are employee resource groups, also known as D&I, which can be diversity and inclusion. There's a lot of different names for that
All right. So these are going to be like workshops, trainings, awareness, bringing it up often, often, Felix brought up the EAP program. There's also ERGs, which are employee resource groups, also known as D&I, which can be diversity and inclusion. There's a lot of different names for that Those are different ways that a company can help or at least get the ball started. I did put unconscious bias because that's a thing. It's a thing. And I say it like this because it's really hard to bring up these topics
Those are different ways that a company can help or at least get the ball started. I did put unconscious bias because that's a thing. It's a thing. And I say it like this because it's really hard to bring up these topics An unconscious bias are learned by assumptions, beliefs, or attitudes that we aren't necessarily aware of. A lot of times we're trained by our communities, by just our past experiences. And we all have them like the first some reason
An unconscious bias are learned by assumptions, beliefs, or attitudes that we aren't necessarily aware of. A lot of times we're trained by our communities, by just our past experiences. And we all have them like the first some reason I don't even know one to say, but like I have biases against mushrooms. I think they're good, the grossest thing ever. But if I didn't know that, then that would be an unconscious bias. That's the best example I got for right now
I don't even know one to say, but like I have biases against mushrooms. I think they're good, the grossest thing ever. But if I didn't know that, then that would be an unconscious bias. That's the best example I got for right now But how to combat the unconscious bias is learning about the different types, how they may surface that work, and how to avoid them so you can build a more inclusive and diverse workplace. And a lot of times it starts with just acknowledging it and learning more about it with yourself
But how to combat the unconscious bias is learning about the different types, how they may surface that work, and how to avoid them so you can build a more inclusive and diverse workplace. And a lot of times it starts with just acknowledging it and learning more about it with yourself Normalize personal days without justification. This is a big one because for many of us, if we're having a bad time because of something going on in our personal life, I've been at companies where I've had to say, like, I had brain surgery in 2020 and my boss got mad at me for having brain surgery
Normalize personal days without justification. This is a big one because for many of us, if we're having a bad time because of something going on in our personal life, I've been at companies where I've had to say, like, I had brain surgery in 2020 and my boss got mad at me for having brain surgery That wasn't even a personal day. That was just like, why are you having brain surgery during our busiest time? It's conference season. What? Like, don't normalize, like we need to normalize these things so we can take better care of ourselves to actually show up at work
That wasn't even a personal day. That was just like, why are you having brain surgery during our busiest time? It's conference season. What? Like, don't normalize, like we need to normalize these things so we can take better care of ourselves to actually show up at work And inclusive hiring practices. This is a big one because we need to create a safe space for the interviewing practices, for the way we go through and put the job descriptions out there in the world. And again, so many of these I could go in on so many different spots, but we're not going to
And inclusive hiring practices. This is a big one because we need to create a safe space for the interviewing practices, for the way we go through and put the job descriptions out there in the world. And again, so many of these I could go in on so many different spots, but we're not going to We're just going to mention it. And how do we talk about this stuff at work? Listen actively. And I really liked what Felix said about mirroring. This is a really, really good way of saying that. Share knowledge, bring it up. Just passing conversation. Hey, I read an article on neurodiversity
We're just going to mention it. And how do we talk about this stuff at work? Listen actively. And I really liked what Felix said about mirroring. This is a really, really good way of saying that. Share knowledge, bring it up. Just passing conversation. Hey, I read an article on neurodiversity Sounds kind of cool. Ask open any questions. And if that's like saying, hey, what's your favorite pizza? That's an open-ended question. A close-ended question is, hey, do you like pepperoni on your pizza? That is a yes or no question. I like examples. They make my head work a bit better
Sounds kind of cool. Ask open any questions. And if that's like saying, hey, what's your favorite pizza? That's an open-ended question. A close-ended question is, hey, do you like pepperoni on your pizza? That is a yes or no question. I like examples. They make my head work a bit better Use inclusive language. A good example that at least comes to mind is I like to use a phrase, hello, beautiful humans. I didn't realize I started doing that on the podcast and other people noticed, which is kind of cool. But something that may not be inclusive is, hey, guys. Some people say it is
Use inclusive language. A good example that at least comes to mind is I like to use a phrase, hello, beautiful humans. I didn't realize I started doing that on the podcast and other people noticed, which is kind of cool. But something that may not be inclusive is, hey, guys. Some people say it is Some people say it isn't, but it's not general neutral. So that is something to just show a difference of some inclusive language. Encourage professional help. This is a lot to do with when we're allowed to get the resources we need, we're able to show up at work more. Set a positive tone
Some people say it isn't, but it's not general neutral. So that is something to just show a difference of some inclusive language. Encourage professional help. This is a lot to do with when we're allowed to get the resources we need, we're able to show up at work more. Set a positive tone But as reading through the comments earlier, do not be toxicly positive, because that is the thing. I mean, you can be an optimist, but dude, there is going to be real things in life
But as reading through the comments earlier, do not be toxicly positive, because that is the thing. I mean, you can be an optimist, but dude, there is going to be real things in life Choose the right time and place and respect boundaries, meaning that if you need to bring the stuff up at work or work is trying to change these things, make sure that you are actually like going at it with good structure and respect people's boundaries that if they don't want to talk about it, don't make them talk about it
Choose the right time and place and respect boundaries, meaning that if you need to bring the stuff up at work or work is trying to change these things, make sure that you are actually like going at it with good structure and respect people's boundaries that if they don't want to talk about it, don't make them talk about it And here's some benefits for both individuals and organizations if they choose to disclose it, disclose neurodiversities and why it's good to have neurodiversities in the workplace
And here's some benefits for both individuals and organizations if they choose to disclose it, disclose neurodiversities and why it's good to have neurodiversities in the workplace If you gain a better understanding of yourself and hand support in accommodations and you're part of reducing this stigma and improved mental well-being
If you gain a better understanding of yourself and hand support in accommodations and you're part of reducing this stigma and improved mental well-being And then for organizations is it definitely gives a diverse and innovative perspectives, increased employee engagement and retention, and enhanced teamwork and collaboration. When people are allowed to show up as themselves, they actually want to contribute a lot of sense. It's pretty cool
And then for organizations is it definitely gives a diverse and innovative perspectives, increased employee engagement and retention, and enhanced teamwork and collaboration. When people are allowed to show up as themselves, they actually want to contribute a lot of sense. It's pretty cool It's pretty cool. So here are your lovely action items of understanding mental health and neurodiversity, you know, advocate for yourself, break this stigma, create a supportive environment
It's pretty cool. So here are your lovely action items of understanding mental health and neurodiversity, you know, advocate for yourself, break this stigma, create a supportive environment I'm really just kidding because this is a lot to do and you don't need to be an advocate if you don't want to. And in reality, patience because this stuff is not linear
I'm really just kidding because this is a lot to do and you don't need to be an advocate if you don't want to. And in reality, patience because this stuff is not linear It's all over and it ebbs and flows and sometimes it's going to be great days and sometimes it's going to be absolutely shitty days and be patient with yourself
It's all over and it ebbs and flows and sometimes it's going to be great days and sometimes it's going to be absolutely shitty days and be patient with yourself And I did include some resources which include Wesley Falkner's talk, Maddie Stratton is my boss and I think this talk really really goes through quite well about psychological safety. And then I linked in a lot of content of what I did as research for this talk. And let's connect
And I did include some resources which include Wesley Falkner's talk, Maddie Stratton is my boss and I think this talk really really goes through quite well about psychological safety. And then I linked in a lot of content of what I did as research for this talk. And let's connect And let's connect. These are all the platforms you can come hang out with me on Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, Twitch, and the website are all Gen Genod except my website is gengenod.com. Thanks. Thank you, Jen
And let's connect. These are all the platforms you can come hang out with me on Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, Twitch, and the website are all Gen Genod except my website is gengenod.com. Thanks. Thank you, Jen Thank you, Jen. And it actually pronounced your last name with a French Canadian accent which was incorrect. Gen Genod, not Gen Genod. No, no, no, you weren't incorrect. You weren't incorrect. You said it right. It's a I went to France and they started talking to me in French
Thank you, Jen. And it actually pronounced your last name with a French Canadian accent which was incorrect. Gen Genod, not Gen Genod. No, no, no, you weren't incorrect. You weren't incorrect. You said it right. It's a I went to France and they started talking to me in French And I said hello and they're like, oh, you're not French. You have a French last name. So you were accurate. It's a whole other conversation. If you pronounce it as Genod, it is pronounced Genod. That is my, that is my American. All right
And I said hello and they're like, oh, you're not French. You have a French last name. So you were accurate. It's a whole other conversation. If you pronounce it as Genod, it is pronounced Genod. That is my, that is my American. All right All right. Well, what I would like to do now is welcome Felix back to our virtual stage. I would also like to introduce everybody to Kate Sawyer who is going to join us on our virtual stage here as we start our panel discussion
All right. Well, what I would like to do now is welcome Felix back to our virtual stage. I would also like to introduce everybody to Kate Sawyer who is going to join us on our virtual stage here as we start our panel discussion Kate is a customer success manager at higher logic and Kate, if you want to turn your camera on, that would be awesome. Yay. We've heard from Felix. We've heard from Jen. They've had the opportunity to introduce themselves
Kate is a customer success manager at higher logic and Kate, if you want to turn your camera on, that would be awesome. Yay. We've heard from Felix. We've heard from Jen. They've had the opportunity to introduce themselves Kate, do you want to take just a minute and introduce yourself to everybody here so we know who you are? Yeah, I think I'm like processing genges just like rally of like an awesome presentation. That's awesome. Yeah, I'm I'm Kate
Kate, do you want to take just a minute and introduce yourself to everybody here so we know who you are? Yeah, I think I'm like processing genges just like rally of like an awesome presentation. That's awesome. Yeah, I'm I'm Kate Yeah, I'm I'm Kate. My last name is actually Sour like Sour Crout and I'm in Chicago and oh, my background. I customer success manager. So kind of like a relationship manager, but also I do a lot on the tech side at higher logic to help folks out
Yeah, I'm I'm Kate. My last name is actually Sour like Sour Crout and I'm in Chicago and oh, my background. I customer success manager. So kind of like a relationship manager, but also I do a lot on the tech side at higher logic to help folks out Background and nonprofits and associations and I do a lot of things but not like super well
Background and nonprofits and associations and I do a lot of things but not like super well But I recently moved over from an association to higher logic about two years ago and I have a fund as a bit about me and I have a very large cat who is sleeping now but he might come up here during our chat. Awesome. And that is a lot of information about me. That's great. No, it's awesome
But I recently moved over from an association to higher logic about two years ago and I have a fund as a bit about me and I have a very large cat who is sleeping now but he might come up here during our chat. Awesome. And that is a lot of information about me. That's great. No, it's awesome No, it's awesome. The Q&A is 100% open. So anybody wants to drop a question there. You can do so. It'll be completely anonymous as I said before. You can also post questions in the general chat as well if you would like. Those ones won't be as anonymous as the ones going into Q&A
No, it's awesome. The Q&A is 100% open. So anybody wants to drop a question there. You can do so. It'll be completely anonymous as I said before. You can also post questions in the general chat as well if you would like. Those ones won't be as anonymous as the ones going into Q&A And yeah, so throw those in and we'll be asking them as we go through our panel conversation. But I am going to kick things off here with asking the panel if they have some effective strategies or programs that organizations can implement to promote mental health and well-being in the workplace
And yeah, so throw those in and we'll be asking them as we go through our panel conversation. But I am going to kick things off here with asking the panel if they have some effective strategies or programs that organizations can implement to promote mental health and well-being in the workplace You mean organizations that we can recommend or things that we've seen go well in organizations
You mean organizations that we can recommend or things that we've seen go well in organizations You know, the organization that you currently work for that I currently work for what would be a strategy or program that that organization might be able to implement to promote mental health and well-being
You know, the organization that you currently work for that I currently work for what would be a strategy or program that that organization might be able to implement to promote mental health and well-being There's one like there's a quick answer to that. There's one organization that I'm not affiliated with at all. They're called mental health first-aiding and they what they do is a lot of awareness building
There's one like there's a quick answer to that. There's one organization that I'm not affiliated with at all. They're called mental health first-aiding and they what they do is a lot of awareness building So they would be involved in smashing the stigma, educating people around mental health, how to identify someone who's maybe in a crisis. That's definitely good from an awareness point of view. I would say it's not enough to just know about it
So they would be involved in smashing the stigma, educating people around mental health, how to identify someone who's maybe in a crisis. That's definitely good from an awareness point of view. I would say it's not enough to just know about it You need to be able to engage on something and you want to move the needle on mental health. Just knowing that someone is in distress is not going to help
You need to be able to engage on something and you want to move the needle on mental health. Just knowing that someone is in distress is not going to help So I would say awareness is really important as a first step but you need to move into kind of prevention and kind of actually moving the needle on the actual numbers of people that feel not well at work. So that's that's my short answer to that. I have a couple thoughts on that
So I would say awareness is really important as a first step but you need to move into kind of prevention and kind of actually moving the needle on the actual numbers of people that feel not well at work. So that's that's my short answer to that. I have a couple thoughts on that I think five is companies will not do enough and sorry I'm like coming in strong. They will not do enough and we have to look up for ourselves. So my initial thought of like number things, number one things that corporations and organizations can do is like pay better and offer more time off
I think five is companies will not do enough and sorry I'm like coming in strong. They will not do enough and we have to look up for ourselves. So my initial thought of like number things, number one things that corporations and organizations can do is like pay better and offer more time off Obviously there's no magic wand for that but that was two things. I think having time off or you don't have to put a reason and really great next step is like unlimited sick time
Obviously there's no magic wand for that but that was two things. I think having time off or you don't have to put a reason and really great next step is like unlimited sick time I think that is really important especially post and during pandemic is being able to take sick time on or that and being really clear that you have a job to come back to. So I feel very like strongly about these things. I'm sure there's other resources. I know Felix you mentioned like EAPs
I think that is really important especially post and during pandemic is being able to take sick time on or that and being really clear that you have a job to come back to. So I feel very like strongly about these things. I'm sure there's other resources. I know Felix you mentioned like EAPs I haven't had great experiences with those
I haven't had great experiences with those I think having a best friend at work and being able to correlate and foster connections outside of work with people that you feel safe with will get you ideas of oh did you know chiropractor is included with our insurance things that you might have to dig for with your HR or you know company versus someone that's kind of done the work already
I think having a best friend at work and being able to correlate and foster connections outside of work with people that you feel safe with will get you ideas of oh did you know chiropractor is included with our insurance things that you might have to dig for with your HR or you know company versus someone that's kind of done the work already Sorry I just came in hot. I'm like I got some some feelings on this. I like it. You both brought up such good points and I love the fact that you brought up work besties
Sorry I just came in hot. I'm like I got some some feelings on this. I like it. You both brought up such good points and I love the fact that you brought up work besties Like I'm still best friends with one of my work besties from like seven years ago because we're going to go through life together now
Like I'm still best friends with one of my work besties from like seven years ago because we're going to go through life together now One thing that I wanted to say that is it's something that helps at work yet not something that there are things that will move the needle quickly and there's things that will move the needle long term and you kind of have to come about it from many different angles
One thing that I wanted to say that is it's something that helps at work yet not something that there are things that will move the needle quickly and there's things that will move the needle long term and you kind of have to come about it from many different angles And something that I appreciate is when we when I've worked at companies that have hands-on workshops like one I recently went to is adapt adapt adaptativity there we go and resilience
And something that I appreciate is when we when I've worked at companies that have hands-on workshops like one I recently went to is adapt adapt adaptativity there we go and resilience So it talked through like how do you deal with this and how do you deal with it at work? How do you deal with it for yourself and how do you deal with it in a group? How do you deal with it for yourself? How do you deal with it with your boss or somebody that reports to you
So it talked through like how do you deal with this and how do you deal with it at work? How do you deal with it for yourself and how do you deal with it in a group? How do you deal with it for yourself? How do you deal with it with your boss or somebody that reports to you And it is a lot about training the emotional intelligence so EQ instead of just the IQ of intellectual intelligence like go start to code
And it is a lot about training the emotional intelligence so EQ instead of just the IQ of intellectual intelligence like go start to code Yeah that's great. I feel particularly fortunate in the organization that I'm at that the we call the People and Culture Department. It's human resources really just with a different name
Yeah that's great. I feel particularly fortunate in the organization that I'm at that the we call the People and Culture Department. It's human resources really just with a different name They do seem to be doing a very good job at trying to support the employees and written or recognizing mental health issues and stuff like that but I appreciate that we are probably in the minority for a number of companies out there
They do seem to be doing a very good job at trying to support the employees and written or recognizing mental health issues and stuff like that but I appreciate that we are probably in the minority for a number of companies out there I would be very curious to hear if any of you had any thoughts on ideas, tips, tricks for individuals to be able to approach their HR departments, approach their management, approach their executive because I can appreciate that a lot of people might be a little bit concerned about how do I ask for these types of resources
I would be very curious to hear if any of you had any thoughts on ideas, tips, tricks for individuals to be able to approach their HR departments, approach their management, approach their executive because I can appreciate that a lot of people might be a little bit concerned about how do I ask for these types of resources How do I ask for these types of considerations to be brought in at a company-wide level and organization wide level? There's the concern one of I don't want to be seen as the squeaky wheel
How do I ask for these types of considerations to be brought in at a company-wide level and organization wide level? There's the concern one of I don't want to be seen as the squeaky wheel I don't want to maybe necessarily disclose my own particular situation whether it be a mental health struggle that I'm going through or a neurodivergence that I'm not necessarily comfortable with disclosing. At the same time I want to advocate for change within my organization
I don't want to maybe necessarily disclose my own particular situation whether it be a mental health struggle that I'm going through or a neurodivergence that I'm not necessarily comfortable with disclosing. At the same time I want to advocate for change within my organization Any ideas on how somebody could maybe do that in a less aggressive way if you know what I mean? I have thoughts. I'm working on the words to say it though. It is always going to be your own personal gauge because unfortunately we live in a world that there is always going to be a risk
Any ideas on how somebody could maybe do that in a less aggressive way if you know what I mean? I have thoughts. I'm working on the words to say it though. It is always going to be your own personal gauge because unfortunately we live in a world that there is always going to be a risk I've worked at companies where I was let go for standing up for other people. I've been let go for all of our mental health stuff
I've worked at companies where I was let go for standing up for other people. I've been let go for all of our mental health stuff It's not all people are going to be in the same vote that I, this is going to be teared up, of being able to possibly lose their job for admitting that they're having mental health issues or that they need help
It's not all people are going to be in the same vote that I, this is going to be teared up, of being able to possibly lose their job for admitting that they're having mental health issues or that they need help And it's something that that's why like I put that slide in there because ask yourself these three questions because yourself keeping yourself safe is so much more important than the shit people at work may put you through
And it's something that that's why like I put that slide in there because ask yourself these three questions because yourself keeping yourself safe is so much more important than the shit people at work may put you through I think having it where you have a therapist that you work with that can help you gain plan this
I think having it where you have a therapist that you work with that can help you gain plan this What's the contingency plans if something does go wrong? What will you do long turn? How will you recover from this? How will you recover if they shut you down? How will you recover if they use it against you? They retaliate
What's the contingency plans if something does go wrong? What will you do long turn? How will you recover from this? How will you recover if they shut you down? How will you recover if they use it against you? They retaliate And also what will you do if they're okay with it? And now you're actually getting the help but now you have to talk about it. What do you do that? Because that's a new scary thing
And also what will you do if they're okay with it? And now you're actually getting the help but now you have to talk about it. What do you do that? Because that's a new scary thing And it's definitely something that I would say my personality is just to go, yeah, I don't know what I'm doing and I need help and I heard this is a really cool thing. I want to try it. So let me try it. That's not exactly where I've worked in corporations where that's not an option
And it's definitely something that I would say my personality is just to go, yeah, I don't know what I'm doing and I need help and I heard this is a really cool thing. I want to try it. So let me try it. That's not exactly where I've worked in corporations where that's not an option And I was able to say to my boss and this is actually where Kate, I love that you brought up your work that a few because when I was on sales and like call center and we had a the requirement was you got a 15 minute lunch or a two 15 minute breaks and a 30 minute lunch. That's it. Eight hour day
And I was able to say to my boss and this is actually where Kate, I love that you brought up your work that a few because when I was on sales and like call center and we had a the requirement was you got a 15 minute lunch or a two 15 minute breaks and a 30 minute lunch. That's it. Eight hour day Eight hour day. Dealing with really mean people. But because my boss knew that I was dealing with a bunch of shit, I've dealt with a bunch of shit but I could really sell. He would give exceptions for me and my work best to you to go walk around parking lot like seven times
Eight hour day. Dealing with really mean people. But because my boss knew that I was dealing with a bunch of shit, I've dealt with a bunch of shit but I could really sell. He would give exceptions for me and my work best to you to go walk around parking lot like seven times So that way I got it off of my plate and then I would go like sell 5k. So it was something that you don't always need to change the system but make differences for your just having conversations like a work bestie or just to your boss or somebody else that can influence your environment
So that way I got it off of my plate and then I would go like sell 5k. So it was something that you don't always need to change the system but make differences for your just having conversations like a work bestie or just to your boss or somebody else that can influence your environment What I was going to add on to that in terms of like actually like influencing like company decisions and things like that from a system and process is like I have had success talking to you and forming those bonds with like leadership and then having them advocate at my behalf
What I was going to add on to that in terms of like actually like influencing like company decisions and things like that from a system and process is like I have had success talking to you and forming those bonds with like leadership and then having them advocate at my behalf Long standing relationships especially if your company has acquired other folks is that that has helped being like hey we need leadership to mirror like they're taking mental health days. They're they're blocking off time for you know work life balance. They're taking our lunch
Long standing relationships especially if your company has acquired other folks is that that has helped being like hey we need leadership to mirror like they're taking mental health days. They're they're blocking off time for you know work life balance. They're taking our lunch They're they're following those processes that too and if your people are either isn't that might not be a safe environment for you in general and that's going to affect everybody's mental health. Yeah I think I think this is this is spot on
They're they're following those processes that too and if your people are either isn't that might not be a safe environment for you in general and that's going to affect everybody's mental health. Yeah I think I think this is this is spot on I think the you know I've seen that you know if you look at leadership you will you know if you have like let's say you have 10 to 12 people in leadership like who are really in the high accolades
I think the you know I've seen that you know if you look at leadership you will you know if you have like let's say you have 10 to 12 people in leadership like who are really in the high accolades There will be one or two of them are likely to have you know of course everyone has mental health so all of them will have had issues and some of them will have been open on about it maybe one or two or three and I've always found that it might all it's definitely it's unlikely to be HR actually because they are even more reminded of red tape and all the law and all the kind of legal requirements but often you find someone with its head of operations or someone else who who has maybe personally or linked it or somewhere been a bit more vulnerable about having issues having been to therapy these kinds of things and I think often that's a good way in and say hey maybe you get time with those guys at various points and I don't want to say this close but kind of try and find and say have got these things do you have advice of how I should navigate the organization and you know I remember my boss disclosed to me that they were in therapy and that's the reason why I went to therapy and I think that's great and now I've been once once I was running and 130 people off as I would stand up on Friday and say I'm going to have therapy tomorrow and that I know that helped other people so it's finding the right people and then we're all modeling for everyone else around us so those are the I think you've spoken
There will be one or two of them are likely to have you know of course everyone has mental health so all of them will have had issues and some of them will have been open on about it maybe one or two or three and I've always found that it might all it's definitely it's unlikely to be HR actually because they are even more reminded of red tape and all the law and all the kind of legal requirements but often you find someone with its head of operations or someone else who who has maybe personally or linked it or somewhere been a bit more vulnerable about having issues having been to therapy these kinds of things and I think often that's a good way in and say hey maybe you get time with those guys at various points and I don't want to say this close but kind of try and find and say have got these things do you have advice of how I should navigate the organization and you know I remember my boss disclosed to me that they were in therapy and that's the reason why I went to therapy and I think that's great and now I've been once once I was running and 130 people off as I would stand up on Friday and say I'm going to have therapy tomorrow and that I know that helped other people so it's finding the right people and then we're all modeling for everyone else around us so those are the I think you've spoken Talking about setting boundaries which is something that came up in your presentation there Felix certainly something that I am still trying to figure out how to do properly
Talking about setting boundaries which is something that came up in your presentation there Felix certainly something that I am still trying to figure out how to do properly One thing that I think might be a somewhat easy lift for a lot of people in their organizations because I think this comes across as not overly aggressive I guess to say is in our organization we started including in our email signatures the following
One thing that I think might be a somewhat easy lift for a lot of people in their organizations because I think this comes across as not overly aggressive I guess to say is in our organization we started including in our email signatures the following At the company where I work we work flexibly so while it suits me to send this email now I do not expect a response or action outside of your own working hours
At the company where I work we work flexibly so while it suits me to send this email now I do not expect a response or action outside of your own working hours Now what I like about that is it is giving permission to the receiver of that email that they can respond whenever it is suitable for them to respond and even if I'm sending it at 10 o'clock at night or two in the morning or what have you I've given the permission to the receiver to respond when it is appropriate for them but by doing that I have also then passively set my own boundaries as to I'm going to respond I'm going to send this email when it is suitable for my working hours as well and I think something along those lines again I'm not being super aggressive I'm not saying look I'm only going to answer emails between 9 AM and 5 PM or whatever but I'm also very just you know I'm stating I think quite clearly in something like that that I've got my working hours you've got your working hours emails will be sent during those periods of time I would love to get thoughts from the panel as to something like this or other ideas where we can start to better define what our boundaries are again without maybe being super not might be my own Canadianness I guess in terms of not wanting to firmly plant a flag in the sand but at the same time you know starting to define those boundaries because I think that is something that certainly in North America from a you know company side of things we we struggle with you know since the the advent of the blackberry and since then when we can answer our emails at any time at night while we're watching TV it's gotten hurt yeah this is the tough one I think I was going to do like a stream of consciousness but I was thinking something I'd be more concrete that's worked well for me is I do everything and if I give you a link and there's not availability you you don't get my time and I think that are when we have like a people pleasing tendency at a lot of companies and not you know work in retention so customer success of like escalations something isn't wrong sales expectations and finding that in between it's this is what I can do for you and this is what I can right and I think that is hard for I think some people's follow what is helped me tremendously be able to own my own time block off things and be able to say I have to leave it this time and the consequences like you might be unhappy and that is so hard as a former people please they say I know this client is unhappy right now but will they still right now yeah will they be unhappy right now yeah and that's that's okay so just at Calendee has saved me in so many ways and so please use it everyone and I think it's a great point and I've just this week started using it and I think it definitely can like technology can help finally reclaim some of the stuff and I think we also need to realize we can't save everyone we can't save everyone and we can't save all our clients like we want to you know we want to do well we want them to come back we want them to be retained but we won't save everyone if we don't save you know if we miss that one there will be another one that we won't be able to say so work will never stop whether we work 12 hours or 14 hours it will just be never ending and the only thing the only new ones to add to that I think what I've always responded well with to is is people if people come to me and say I can't I can't do this because it's even on my days to is to tight I can do but I can do A or B so I that would allow me to respect the bound and say they can't do it all but they would then say well you know can you can you find a compromise can you sacrifice A and then I can do B and that I think A of helps in in kind of getting out of the bind
Now what I like about that is it is giving permission to the receiver of that email that they can respond whenever it is suitable for them to respond and even if I'm sending it at 10 o'clock at night or two in the morning or what have you I've given the permission to the receiver to respond when it is appropriate for them but by doing that I have also then passively set my own boundaries as to I'm going to respond I'm going to send this email when it is suitable for my working hours as well and I think something along those lines again I'm not being super aggressive I'm not saying look I'm only going to answer emails between 9 AM and 5 PM or whatever but I'm also very just you know I'm stating I think quite clearly in something like that that I've got my working hours you've got your working hours emails will be sent during those periods of time I would love to get thoughts from the panel as to something like this or other ideas where we can start to better define what our boundaries are again without maybe being super not might be my own Canadianness I guess in terms of not wanting to firmly plant a flag in the sand but at the same time you know starting to define those boundaries because I think that is something that certainly in North America from a you know company side of things we we struggle with you know since the the advent of the blackberry and since then when we can answer our emails at any time at night while we're watching TV it's gotten hurt yeah this is the tough one I think I was going to do like a stream of consciousness but I was thinking something I'd be more concrete that's worked well for me is I do everything and if I give you a link and there's not availability you you don't get my time and I think that are when we have like a people pleasing tendency at a lot of companies and not you know work in retention so customer success of like escalations something isn't wrong sales expectations and finding that in between it's this is what I can do for you and this is what I can right and I think that is hard for I think some people's follow what is helped me tremendously be able to own my own time block off things and be able to say I have to leave it this time and the consequences like you might be unhappy and that is so hard as a former people please they say I know this client is unhappy right now but will they still right now yeah will they be unhappy right now yeah and that's that's okay so just at Calendee has saved me in so many ways and so please use it everyone and I think it's a great point and I've just this week started using it and I think it definitely can like technology can help finally reclaim some of the stuff and I think we also need to realize we can't save everyone we can't save everyone and we can't save all our clients like we want to you know we want to do well we want them to come back we want them to be retained but we won't save everyone if we don't save you know if we miss that one there will be another one that we won't be able to say so work will never stop whether we work 12 hours or 14 hours it will just be never ending and the only thing the only new ones to add to that I think what I've always responded well with to is is people if people come to me and say I can't I can't do this because it's even on my days to is to tight I can do but I can do A or B so I that would allow me to respect the bound and say they can't do it all but they would then say well you know can you can you find a compromise can you sacrifice A and then I can do B and that I think A of helps in in kind of getting out of the bind For myself and something that's really worked well is setting expectations of I don't know how long it took me to get back to well yeah I've not replied to you and then Felix I forgot to reply to you until like yesterday or maybe even this morning then yeah and I um I've dropped the ball many times and same with Lori so it's a lot for me setting the expectations of hey I have different energies um that there's gonna be days where I'm like cool I got it I'm gonna remember everything and I'm gonna do it and then there's gonna be tons of way I'm like I don't know what happened yesterday yeah I don't know and I forget and I try to tell people that because telling them upfront also allows me to let them know when I can't and can but also when I'm doing something last minute putting in my message to them because I work for a global company as well I've got hey I don't think your online is probably like 10 p
For myself and something that's really worked well is setting expectations of I don't know how long it took me to get back to well yeah I've not replied to you and then Felix I forgot to reply to you until like yesterday or maybe even this morning then yeah and I um I've dropped the ball many times and same with Lori so it's a lot for me setting the expectations of hey I have different energies um that there's gonna be days where I'm like cool I got it I'm gonna remember everything and I'm gonna do it and then there's gonna be tons of way I'm like I don't know what happened yesterday yeah I don't know and I forget and I try to tell people that because telling them upfront also allows me to let them know when I can't and can but also when I'm doing something last minute putting in my message to them because I work for a global company as well I've got hey I don't think your online is probably like 10 pm
m there but uh if you're around could you answer this question please but if not my fire is not your problem is my fire is my fault for waiting to last minute but if you're free that would be awesome and that being said also doing that with calls as well so setting the expectations and it's a lot of teaching people how you want to be treated of I do last minute calls with my friends as friends colleagues we'll say colleagues all the time because yeah that's how we function for those kind of people but if we're not free we're not free it's not always gonna work out well and being able to be like cool dude you free right now let's let's work this out or no dude I'm not free and just setting these expectations really helped but also telling people that I take on too much or I forget a lot of things because I am that out of sight out of mind thing like I'm supposed to be working on this developer champions program thing and uh unless we're doing it during the co-working session I don't get a lot of movement on it so learning that I was like hey y'all we need to set up like a two hour co-working session once a week so I actually work on this because if we don't I'm not gonna do it and if there's somebody else not there I'm not gonna do it so you don't need to talk to me you just need to be like on the other side of the screen I identify with all the neurodivergent stuff that you're talking about their gen and actually just on a call with my coach this morning we talked about the value in recognizing what your strengths are and what your weaknesses are and that it is not inappropriate to go back to your uh your boss your manager your executive what have you with saying this is what I'm good at this is what you want me to do you're asking me to do this other thing that I'm not good at you know who is good at that this other person we're gonna be better off getting that person to do it it's not my strength and uh and there's probably some empowerment there at the same time again and maybe this is my people pleaser my canadieness I don't know what it is I know that I'm personally gonna struggle with you know turning some of those requests down but if I can get over that and start to get more comfortable with it myself then uh yeah everybody's everybody's better off I'm better off I'm healthier my boss is better off because the work's actually getting done by somebody who's good at doing it uh you know all that type of stuff do not disturb sorry I almost forgot that do not disturb on your phone like uh on iPhones if you do do not disturb a you can customize it but it will make it so that way you can't even see the notification numbers so you you could do whatever you want and you're not getting notified that somebody tried to ask you to do something it's one of the biggest things in my life it's funny with the whole you know uh tech stuff and I'm old enough to have started before we had you know uh you know essentially pocket computers that allowed us to access email and instant messages any time and day um it's it's so it's an really for me interesting to to edge sword in that in one way I love the idea of being able to send somebody a direct message and um in my head it's always like when you have the time to deal with this direct message that I've sent you deal with it it is not necessarily something you need to deal with right now whereas if I went up to a co-workers desk and I'm literally standing right next to them clearly you need to deal with whatever it is I'm coming to you right now because I'm standing right next to you if I just send you a message or an email you kind of get to it when you want to get to it the flip side of that obviously is as we're receiving these messages it can be very hard for at least some of us to not feel the need to deal with it as soon as it comes in so it's an interesting again double edge sword that that tech has brought us to so yeah uh do not disturbs or you know set to busy or what have you um or even just knowing in your heart that I don't have to deal with it the second I can get back to this in an hour uh is is a is a good thing just just two quick things to do that point one um when I arrived in the UK I I've never been in an open plan office before because in Germany I worked for half a year and and and those smaller offices so I come into this room and I'm like do you mean like there 150 people here typing on the phone and you expect me to like do a deck like in this situation as like I was completely horrified so I got these 3m kind of uh you know there's there's no technology it's literally just blocking our noise so I just bought these for me and my team and and everyone loved them and also when you wear them no one comes to you to disturb you and ask you a stupid question because you look like you're with intensely doing stuff so that's one and then I put a link in called manual of me if you work with teams if you work with co-workers you can just fill in a quick questionnaire of your working preferences and then the other person also does it and then you're like oh that's how you pros information great oh you're you know you get up early great I don't so perfect and then 100 misunderstandings don't occur and do you work much better it's really it's really good oh that's awesome I do something similar there if you look I've got I've got big headphones like this that I wear at my desk and sometimes there's music playing and sometimes there isn't music playing but regardless whether I got music or not if I've got the big headphones on 9 times at a 10 nobody's bugging me at my desk so I am going to flip this over a little bit to this idea of being a an ally or helping it others so we've talked about this idea of having a work bestie or if you're you know an old person like me who's been around when the term was work-wife or work-husband I think work-bestie is a significantly better term than either one of those so I'm going to start using that now thank you very much for introducing that to my and why I hadn't thought of it before I don't know but anyways work-bestie if you want to be an ally for your work-bestie your work-bestie is disclosed to you that they are suffering through some type of mental health issue or they've got a neurodiversity that has not been necessarily dealt with are there any recommendations that you folks might have in terms of how you could you know potentially be a good ally and support those people if they're disclosing that to you in a in a work environment
there but uh if you're around could you answer this question please but if not my fire is not your problem is my fire is my fault for waiting to last minute but if you're free that would be awesome and that being said also doing that with calls as well so setting the expectations and it's a lot of teaching people how you want to be treated of I do last minute calls with my friends as friends colleagues we'll say colleagues all the time because yeah that's how we function for those kind of people but if we're not free we're not free it's not always gonna work out well and being able to be like cool dude you free right now let's let's work this out or no dude I'm not free and just setting these expectations really helped but also telling people that I take on too much or I forget a lot of things because I am that out of sight out of mind thing like I'm supposed to be working on this developer champions program thing and uh unless we're doing it during the co-working session I don't get a lot of movement on it so learning that I was like hey y'all we need to set up like a two hour co-working session once a week so I actually work on this because if we don't I'm not gonna do it and if there's somebody else not there I'm not gonna do it so you don't need to talk to me you just need to be like on the other side of the screen I identify with all the neurodivergent stuff that you're talking about their gen and actually just on a call with my coach this morning we talked about the value in recognizing what your strengths are and what your weaknesses are and that it is not inappropriate to go back to your uh your boss your manager your executive what have you with saying this is what I'm good at this is what you want me to do you're asking me to do this other thing that I'm not good at you know who is good at that this other person we're gonna be better off getting that person to do it it's not my strength and uh and there's probably some empowerment there at the same time again and maybe this is my people pleaser my canadieness I don't know what it is I know that I'm personally gonna struggle with you know turning some of those requests down but if I can get over that and start to get more comfortable with it myself then uh yeah everybody's everybody's better off I'm better off I'm healthier my boss is better off because the work's actually getting done by somebody who's good at doing it uh you know all that type of stuff do not disturb sorry I almost forgot that do not disturb on your phone like uh on iPhones if you do do not disturb a you can customize it but it will make it so that way you can't even see the notification numbers so you you could do whatever you want and you're not getting notified that somebody tried to ask you to do something it's one of the biggest things in my life it's funny with the whole you know uh tech stuff and I'm old enough to have started before we had you know uh you know essentially pocket computers that allowed us to access email and instant messages any time and day um it's it's so it's an really for me interesting to to edge sword in that in one way I love the idea of being able to send somebody a direct message and um in my head it's always like when you have the time to deal with this direct message that I've sent you deal with it it is not necessarily something you need to deal with right now whereas if I went up to a co-workers desk and I'm literally standing right next to them clearly you need to deal with whatever it is I'm coming to you right now because I'm standing right next to you if I just send you a message or an email you kind of get to it when you want to get to it the flip side of that obviously is as we're receiving these messages it can be very hard for at least some of us to not feel the need to deal with it as soon as it comes in so it's an interesting again double edge sword that that tech has brought us to so yeah uh do not disturbs or you know set to busy or what have you um or even just knowing in your heart that I don't have to deal with it the second I can get back to this in an hour uh is is a is a good thing just just two quick things to do that point one um when I arrived in the UK I I've never been in an open plan office before because in Germany I worked for half a year and and and those smaller offices so I come into this room and I'm like do you mean like there 150 people here typing on the phone and you expect me to like do a deck like in this situation as like I was completely horrified so I got these 3m kind of uh you know there's there's no technology it's literally just blocking our noise so I just bought these for me and my team and and everyone loved them and also when you wear them no one comes to you to disturb you and ask you a stupid question because you look like you're with intensely doing stuff so that's one and then I put a link in called manual of me if you work with teams if you work with co-workers you can just fill in a quick questionnaire of your working preferences and then the other person also does it and then you're like oh that's how you pros information great oh you're you know you get up early great I don't so perfect and then 100 misunderstandings don't occur and do you work much better it's really it's really good oh that's awesome I do something similar there if you look I've got I've got big headphones like this that I wear at my desk and sometimes there's music playing and sometimes there isn't music playing but regardless whether I got music or not if I've got the big headphones on 9 times at a 10 nobody's bugging me at my desk so I am going to flip this over a little bit to this idea of being a an ally or helping it others so we've talked about this idea of having a work bestie or if you're you know an old person like me who's been around when the term was work-wife or work-husband I think work-bestie is a significantly better term than either one of those so I'm going to start using that now thank you very much for introducing that to my and why I hadn't thought of it before I don't know but anyways work-bestie if you want to be an ally for your work-bestie your work-bestie is disclosed to you that they are suffering through some type of mental health issue or they've got a neurodiversity that has not been necessarily dealt with are there any recommendations that you folks might have in terms of how you could you know potentially be a good ally and support those people if they're disclosing that to you in a in a work environment That's all on this so I think one at least thinking of like customer success for me when things like this come up it's like well how can I take some of your work
That's all on this so I think one at least thinking of like customer success for me when things like this come up it's like well how can I take some of your work Some of the clients are working with put-me-ons and meetings that I can help run that's something at like the surface level and then two is like if I have that better relationship with a peeper leader or someone in HR is like how can I find out this information in a safe way for someone but I think at least in my experience it's like if I can't give them money if I can't give them good insurance right it's how can I take the workload off of you and if you put me on meetings with clients I can do that work for you
Some of the clients are working with put-me-ons and meetings that I can help run that's something at like the surface level and then two is like if I have that better relationship with a peeper leader or someone in HR is like how can I find out this information in a safe way for someone but I think at least in my experience it's like if I can't give them money if I can't give them good insurance right it's how can I take the workload off of you and if you put me on meetings with clients I can do that work for you The other thing that I thought about during this conversation it's like you know we're being vulnerable is like the the privilege right because I'm identifies like as this white woman is like there's a lot of I think privilege in being able to to talk and not feel like threatened is I think especially a mental health in the workplace there's a lot of people who feel like they can't bring up anything at all because they identify something different so that has been my experience at least when someone else is going through crises is what can I just take off your plate and then next level maybe I bring in a peeper leader unfortunately at least in my experience I haven't had a lot of help with HR in people leadership within that department so just my thoughts there
The other thing that I thought about during this conversation it's like you know we're being vulnerable is like the the privilege right because I'm identifies like as this white woman is like there's a lot of I think privilege in being able to to talk and not feel like threatened is I think especially a mental health in the workplace there's a lot of people who feel like they can't bring up anything at all because they identify something different so that has been my experience at least when someone else is going through crises is what can I just take off your plate and then next level maybe I bring in a peeper leader unfortunately at least in my experience I haven't had a lot of help with HR in people leadership within that department so just my thoughts there If you'll exchange anything you want to add to that
If you'll exchange anything you want to add to that Well I think I can you know as a as a white straight guy I um I had to eat a humble pie on what it means to be an ally and how to do it what not to do so my main experience has been I cocked it up and I had to I had to learn a bunch I think the main the main thing I would you know from from that point of view I would say is that it's um you know for example I took you know I took paternity leave which was unpaid at the time and I looked after my nine month all for three months and you know and my employer couldn't fire me which I was at the time proud about but of course you know everyone's like well your wife is doing like three times the amount so how come you you are being celebrated on LinkedIn for this stuff and your wife just expected to be able to do that so so I've learned I think I've tried to learn an element of this stuff I think it's just just like remembering that you have that it's very difficult feeling and that it's impossible to really know what they're going through so just doing a lot more listening and a lot less talking is probably the the first two things that I would tell myself all the time um rather than making assumptions and kind of coming coming to help but I Kate I love your idea about taking work away I think that's so powerful and and difficult to do but it's it's an amazing gift to some I would say at least with my experiences um and my work besties that I'm still that's around with today um is at work it's not always the work itself it can be the environment that they're in and the humans that I care about most that I still friends with are people that we're being discriminated against for race for their sex for their like there's a lot that went into it and I really appreciate that Felix called it out of like I'm a short white chick that's straight that is also very bubbly and annoying I can't be believe me I know and yet watching them be discriminated discriminated against was heartbreaking and having to choose what can I influence and what do I help them out with because me going up and saying bitch why are you talking to my friend that way is not going to be helpful sometimes it is I'm scrappy but also being able to be in the room of saying hey people of color at our company are not getting the same type of opportunities that white dudes are why and having people look at it when they're not in the room also listening to them and deciding is this something you want do you want me to listen or do you want me to help problem solve and that is something that's been so difficult of if they want me to listen just listen if they want me to problem solve I'm going to go at it and if it's serious enough telling them to f off and I'm going to call emergency services and that's something that is that is hard to watch anybody go through but can have an hour too yeah I think that's that's great I had one thought to add to that which as is very quickly escaping my head so I might not be able to grasp onto it before it's completely gone yeah I think it yeah I guess the only thing that I would add onto that is just going back to and you brought it up Jen and it's one of my favorite quotes around the neurodivergent community of just like you've met one person with ADHD you've met one person with ADHD so just making sure that we as people who are maybe trying to advocate or or be an ally for other people recognize the fact that no matter how many books we've read how many other people we know who maybe going through similar types of situations everybody is an individual and we need to respect that everybody's journey is their own so what might have worked for one person isn't necessarily going to work for somebody else or what might be a comfort zone for one person isn't necessarily a comfort zone for somebody else so we need to to keep that in mind and then Felix again I appreciate where you're coming from as a straight white man I feel that I am still trying to figure out how to be the best ally that I can be in all the spaces where I can be an ally and we'll probably always be learning that for the rest of my life but if we can keep our our eyes and ears open and be willing to learn then I think that's hopefully you know what we can do um recognizing that we are pretty much at the end of our time I want to thank everybody Felix Jen Kate for presenting and sitting in on our on our discussion I want to thank those who attended today this has been fantastic I've enjoyed not only doing the the organization leading up to the event but the event today it's been great certainly something very near and dear to my heart I wish that we could just spend the rest of the afternoon evening for Felix into the night you know just to sit around and enjoy some drinks and and continue to talk about the stuff because it's been absolutely fantastic but yeah thank you everybody I will close with just letting everybody know that if you've enjoyed this event make sure that you sign up for membership with your local CMX chapter um you can also check out if you don't want to sign up for a specific chapter you can check out uh any events coming up at events
Well I think I can you know as a as a white straight guy I um I had to eat a humble pie on what it means to be an ally and how to do it what not to do so my main experience has been I cocked it up and I had to I had to learn a bunch I think the main the main thing I would you know from from that point of view I would say is that it's um you know for example I took you know I took paternity leave which was unpaid at the time and I looked after my nine month all for three months and you know and my employer couldn't fire me which I was at the time proud about but of course you know everyone's like well your wife is doing like three times the amount so how come you you are being celebrated on LinkedIn for this stuff and your wife just expected to be able to do that so so I've learned I think I've tried to learn an element of this stuff I think it's just just like remembering that you have that it's very difficult feeling and that it's impossible to really know what they're going through so just doing a lot more listening and a lot less talking is probably the the first two things that I would tell myself all the time um rather than making assumptions and kind of coming coming to help but I Kate I love your idea about taking work away I think that's so powerful and and difficult to do but it's it's an amazing gift to some I would say at least with my experiences um and my work besties that I'm still that's around with today um is at work it's not always the work itself it can be the environment that they're in and the humans that I care about most that I still friends with are people that we're being discriminated against for race for their sex for their like there's a lot that went into it and I really appreciate that Felix called it out of like I'm a short white chick that's straight that is also very bubbly and annoying I can't be believe me I know and yet watching them be discriminated discriminated against was heartbreaking and having to choose what can I influence and what do I help them out with because me going up and saying bitch why are you talking to my friend that way is not going to be helpful sometimes it is I'm scrappy but also being able to be in the room of saying hey people of color at our company are not getting the same type of opportunities that white dudes are why and having people look at it when they're not in the room also listening to them and deciding is this something you want do you want me to listen or do you want me to help problem solve and that is something that's been so difficult of if they want me to listen just listen if they want me to problem solve I'm going to go at it and if it's serious enough telling them to f off and I'm going to call emergency services and that's something that is that is hard to watch anybody go through but can have an hour too yeah I think that's that's great I had one thought to add to that which as is very quickly escaping my head so I might not be able to grasp onto it before it's completely gone yeah I think it yeah I guess the only thing that I would add onto that is just going back to and you brought it up Jen and it's one of my favorite quotes around the neurodivergent community of just like you've met one person with ADHD you've met one person with ADHD so just making sure that we as people who are maybe trying to advocate or or be an ally for other people recognize the fact that no matter how many books we've read how many other people we know who maybe going through similar types of situations everybody is an individual and we need to respect that everybody's journey is their own so what might have worked for one person isn't necessarily going to work for somebody else or what might be a comfort zone for one person isn't necessarily a comfort zone for somebody else so we need to to keep that in mind and then Felix again I appreciate where you're coming from as a straight white man I feel that I am still trying to figure out how to be the best ally that I can be in all the spaces where I can be an ally and we'll probably always be learning that for the rest of my life but if we can keep our our eyes and ears open and be willing to learn then I think that's hopefully you know what we can do um recognizing that we are pretty much at the end of our time I want to thank everybody Felix Jen Kate for presenting and sitting in on our on our discussion I want to thank those who attended today this has been fantastic I've enjoyed not only doing the the organization leading up to the event but the event today it's been great certainly something very near and dear to my heart I wish that we could just spend the rest of the afternoon evening for Felix into the night you know just to sit around and enjoy some drinks and and continue to talk about the stuff because it's been absolutely fantastic but yeah thank you everybody I will close with just letting everybody know that if you've enjoyed this event make sure that you sign up for membership with your local CMX chapter um you can also check out if you don't want to sign up for a specific chapter you can check out uh any events coming up at eventscmx hub
cmx hubcom there are events happening all the time and you can look for events that are either happening directly in your area that you can go to in person as well as virtual events like this one that are of interest to you and really that's it um again thank you very much everybody and uh yeah it's it's been lovely my my heart is my heart is full as they say and that's it thank you bye everyone bye guys
com there are events happening all the time and you can look for events that are either happening directly in your area that you can go to in person as well as virtual events like this one that are of interest to you and really that's it um again thank you very much everybody and uh yeah it's it's been lovely my my heart is my heart is full as they say and that's it thank you bye everyone bye guys