Welcome to another episode of Teach, Gen Tech. And today we have Tim. Yay. Tim, who are we talking about today? Hi, everybody. What are we talking about today? Who am I? Tim, we got that far. I run developer relations at a company called StarTree StarTree makes a fully managed cloud version of Apache Pino, which is a real-time analytics database. And what we're talking about today is real-time analytics and to get to that a lot of history and a lot of just like what is even analytics. Yay. Thank you
StarTree makes a fully managed cloud version of Apache Pino, which is a real-time analytics database. And what we're talking about today is real-time analytics and to get to that a lot of history and a lot of just like what is even analytics. Yay. Thank you And I remember something, Tim, I don't know if you remember this, when we met via Twitter and before going into that story, I will say one thing that I started with is if the reason I would want to work with Apache Pino is so I can carry around a bottle of wine with me, we'll go into events
And I remember something, Tim, I don't know if you remember this, when we met via Twitter and before going into that story, I will say one thing that I started with is if the reason I would want to work with Apache Pino is so I can carry around a bottle of wine with me, we'll go into events No, that's on-brand. And it's actually, I'm actually contractually obligated to drink only Pino and water for the duration of my employment. Not a lot of people know that. And I would be totally OK with that. That is my favorite wine. So. Right
No, that's on-brand. And it's actually, I'm actually contractually obligated to drink only Pino and water for the duration of my employment. Not a lot of people know that. And I would be totally OK with that. That is my favorite wine. So. Right So. Right. It's like if you're having some, you know, you should chicken. It's kind of lighter. If you want to go red, you can still do it, but it's still got some body. It's why not? It's just perfect. That's 100%. And so talking about that though, do you remember how we met? I do. I do
So. Right. It's like if you're having some, you know, you should chicken. It's kind of lighter. If you want to go red, you can still do it, but it's still got some body. It's why not? It's just perfect. That's 100%. And so talking about that though, do you remember how we met? I do. I do I do. I came to follow each other on Twitter. And you were looking for a developer advocate role. And I was looking for developer advocate. So I was like, oh, hi. It was. It was a fun conversation. Yeah. And we got on a call and talked
I do. I came to follow each other on Twitter. And you were looking for a developer advocate role. And I was looking for developer advocate. So I was like, oh, hi. It was. It was a fun conversation. Yeah. And we got on a call and talked And the way that call went, I was looking for somebody more senior like that role that I was trying to fill. I needed somebody who could, who had been around a little bit. And it was senior level of developer advocate role. And that wasn't you
And the way that call went, I was looking for somebody more senior like that role that I was trying to fill. I needed somebody who could, who had been around a little bit. And it was senior level of developer advocate role. And that wasn't you But I remember very clearly that you, I mean, that's just where you were in your career. You weren't that. But I thought this person absolutely has what it takes to succeed as a developer advocate. And this is a tricky way to say it
But I remember very clearly that you, I mean, that's just where you were in your career. You weren't that. But I thought this person absolutely has what it takes to succeed as a developer advocate. And this is a tricky way to say it But like you have the personality of the communication skills, you have the curiosity that this was a year ago, wherever it was, and yes, this person. And if you look at what you're doing here, just a meta, you know, talking about teach gen tech
But like you have the personality of the communication skills, you have the curiosity that this was a year ago, wherever it was, and yes, this person. And if you look at what you're doing here, just a meta, you know, talking about teach gen tech This is what, you know, when I'm able to hire somebody who hasn't had the title developer advocate, and like maybe a senior engineer or something who wants to make the change, I'm looking for people for whom developer advocacy is what comes out of them when they're not paying attention, right
This is what, you know, when I'm able to hire somebody who hasn't had the title developer advocate, and like maybe a senior engineer or something who wants to make the change, I'm looking for people for whom developer advocacy is what comes out of them when they're not paying attention, right It's just like you prick them and they bleed teaching people things and wanting to explain things
It's just like you prick them and they bleed teaching people things and wanting to explain things And I don't know, seems like this show we're on right now, is an example of that, right? This is what you do. It's not enough for you to learn tech topics, but you're going to do it in public in a way that other people can learn too. And that's, that's like, it's interesting. It's interesting
And I don't know, seems like this show we're on right now, is an example of that, right? This is what you do. It's not enough for you to learn tech topics, but you're going to do it in public in a way that other people can learn too. And that's, that's like, it's interesting. It's interesting It's interesting. The heart, the heart of the teacher and the kind of person who wants to share is the core skill set, the tech skills you can learn, and they change all the time anyway. They do. And you're always going to tech skills. Thank you for answering that
It's interesting. The heart, the heart of the teacher and the kind of person who wants to share is the core skill set, the tech skills you can learn, and they change all the time anyway. They do. And you're always going to tech skills. Thank you for answering that And I promised I didn't set it up just so that way. I could get, you know, some fluff in my feathers. It's because I really want people to hear two parts of just because you've never been in a role. Doesn't mean you can't get there
And I promised I didn't set it up just so that way. I could get, you know, some fluff in my feathers. It's because I really want people to hear two parts of just because you've never been in a role. Doesn't mean you can't get there And also, you can learn so much by interviewing and also creating a network. It's kind of weird, but when people I interviewed with, like you, I'm like, hey, can I follow up with you some time? And yeah, it's a bummer for not getting a job, but it really helped expand my network
And also, you can learn so much by interviewing and also creating a network. It's kind of weird, but when people I interviewed with, like you, I'm like, hey, can I follow up with you some time? And yeah, it's a bummer for not getting a job, but it really helped expand my network And that's something that I really want to call out to others to not give up hope, because it can be hard to break into any industry. I think it's difficult to break into dev realm, especially when if you have an engineering background or not like being able to merge the two and showcase that
And that's something that I really want to call out to others to not give up hope, because it can be hard to break into any industry. I think it's difficult to break into dev realm, especially when if you have an engineering background or not like being able to merge the two and showcase that It's like a different learn skill. Oh, OK, we do have quite a few in the audience that I promise y'all I'm not ignoring you. In the background, I used to do these. Oh, hey, man. Yeah, I used to do these streams with my iPad. And at the moment, it's not working
It's like a different learn skill. Oh, OK, we do have quite a few in the audience that I promise y'all I'm not ignoring you. In the background, I used to do these. Oh, hey, man. Yeah, I used to do these streams with my iPad. And at the moment, it's not working So I'm going to stop being attention to that and say, OK, what up learner and Francesco and Bacari, yay. And yeah, Bacari. Hey, Francesco, I owe you an email. I know I'm sorry. I'm getting it's been rough. There's a lot going on in June for me. It's on my fault, Francesco, sorry
So I'm going to stop being attention to that and say, OK, what up learner and Francesco and Bacari, yay. And yeah, Bacari. Hey, Francesco, I owe you an email. I know I'm sorry. I'm getting it's been rough. There's a lot going on in June for me. It's on my fault, Francesco, sorry Yes, tell us about what's going on, because you do have a lot going on this month. I do. I do. I have lived in Denver since 1995. Prior to that, it was 77 to 90. So like, literally 80% of my life. And Italy, you're pretty well at it. That is the reputation
Yes, tell us about what's going on, because you do have a lot going on this month. I do. I do. I have lived in Denver since 1995. Prior to that, it was 77 to 90. So like, literally 80% of my life. And Italy, you're pretty well at it. That is the reputation So and that is why Italy is such a glorious place. Anyway, yeah, I lived in Denver 80% of my life. And last week, last week at this time, I was boxing up my apartment and loading up a U-Haul. And we drove Wednesday, starting Wednesday night through Friday night
So and that is why Italy is such a glorious place. Anyway, yeah, I lived in Denver 80% of my life. And last week, last week at this time, I was boxing up my apartment and loading up a U-Haul. And we drove Wednesday, starting Wednesday night through Friday night I arrived in Mountain View, California on Friday. I am now a California resident doing all the residency establishing things. And in 11 days from the time of this stream, it is June 13th today, on June 24th, I am marrying. Absolutely fantastic and amazing woman
I arrived in Mountain View, California on Friday. I am now a California resident doing all the residency establishing things. And in 11 days from the time of this stream, it is June 13th today, on June 24th, I am marrying. Absolutely fantastic and amazing woman Currently named Rachel Stark in 11 days. She'll be Rachel Berglund. And I'm super excited about that. Yay. And y'all, apparently I didn't pay attention to the metmo that for the last two and a half years, Tim and I lived in the same area. Yeah. I'm going to be back every couple months
Currently named Rachel Stark in 11 days. She'll be Rachel Berglund. And I'm super excited about that. Yay. And y'all, apparently I didn't pay attention to the metmo that for the last two and a half years, Tim and I lived in the same area. Yeah. I'm going to be back every couple months I still have family that I have a grandson there daughter. I'll be back. I'm moving to Phoenix at the end of a month. Well, there you go. And roughly two weeks, I'm going to Phoenix. But hey, we're going to have, I'm going to have a meetup in San Francisco
I still have family that I have a grandson there daughter. I'll be back. I'm moving to Phoenix at the end of a month. Well, there you go. And roughly two weeks, I'm going to Phoenix. But hey, we're going to have, I'm going to have a meetup in San Francisco How far is Mountain View from San Francisco? Aren't they next to each other or not? Yeah, it's Bay Area. It's half an hour in low traffic and an hour in crappy traffic. OK, because we're going to have
How far is Mountain View from San Francisco? Aren't they next to each other or not? Yeah, it's Bay Area. It's half an hour in low traffic and an hour in crappy traffic. OK, because we're going to have I don't know if Ivan and Star Trek you want to do a joint meetup because you guys post a cook house. But you know, we love you. It's the open source data infrastructure. So it's when we get to be friends. That's where we're. Yes, yes, love it. Yeah. And we're friends anyway. That's true
I don't know if Ivan and Star Trek you want to do a joint meetup because you guys post a cook house. But you know, we love you. It's the open source data infrastructure. So it's when we get to be friends. That's where we're. Yes, yes, love it. Yeah. And we're friends anyway. That's true That's true. That's true. And hello, Anthony. Yeah. So let's get into it. Sorry, y'all. You won't be able to see my notes during this dream because my computer just doesn't want to do it. But I will still take notes and let everyone is Tim's friend
That's true. That's true. And hello, Anthony. Yeah. So let's get into it. Sorry, y'all. You won't be able to see my notes during this dream because my computer just doesn't want to do it. But I will still take notes and let everyone is Tim's friend Is everybody's friend? Are you just friends with the apps? I'm not inspired. I'm inspired to be friends with everybody I meet. It doesn't always work out, but those are small fraction of cases. So yes. I like it. I like it. I feel like I always
Is everybody's friend? Are you just friends with the apps? I'm not inspired. I'm inspired to be friends with everybody I meet. It doesn't always work out, but those are small fraction of cases. So yes. I like it. I like it. I feel like I always It's kind of fun because for some reason, I don't see a lot of your posts except when you reply to somebody's selfie Sunday. OK, that is a friend who is not in tech at all. I can say her name. Renews Courtney Sexton. She's not in tech at all. She's a friend of Rachel's in mind
It's kind of fun because for some reason, I don't see a lot of your posts except when you reply to somebody's selfie Sunday. OK, that is a friend who is not in tech at all. I can say her name. Renews Courtney Sexton. She's not in tech at all. She's a friend of Rachel's in mind Her husband is a mid-career bootcamp guy. So just right with bootcamp is looking for his Dave Sexton is his name looking for his first bootcamp job. Our first junior developer job out of bootcamp. Super sharp guy. He has taken to this stuff. So you know, you're all, but Karie, you're OK
Her husband is a mid-career bootcamp guy. So just right with bootcamp is looking for his Dave Sexton is his name looking for his first bootcamp job. Our first junior developer job out of bootcamp. Super sharp guy. He has taken to this stuff. So you know, you're all, but Karie, you're OK You're moving? Oh, dude, I was going to say I need to have you over dinner. But I can't do that in the next week and half. Yeah, but Karie, you're moving to Atlanta. Atlanta. I think it's Atlanta. I feel like you're winning. OK. I'm glad to be here. But I still feel like you're winning. Yes
You're moving? Oh, dude, I was going to say I need to have you over dinner. But I can't do that in the next week and half. Yeah, but Karie, you're moving to Atlanta. Atlanta. I think it's Atlanta. I feel like you're winning. OK. I'm glad to be here. But I still feel like you're winning. Yes Yes. Oh, yeah. Karie can sell his house here and buy a palace in Atlanta for cash. You know, it's how it goes. Even the cost of living from Denver to Phoenix is like, we're getting a much bigger house in Phoenix. Good. Good. Yeah. It's gotten rough recently. I still paint about 2x here
Yes. Oh, yeah. Karie can sell his house here and buy a palace in Atlanta for cash. You know, it's how it goes. Even the cost of living from Denver to Phoenix is like, we're getting a much bigger house in Phoenix. Good. Good. Yeah. It's gotten rough recently. I still paint about 2x here Relative to what I was paying for rent. But yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But you know, you got to do what you got to do. And all right. So let's get started. What is real time analytics? Because I, and for context, because I know a lot of us, a lot of people are joining because it's Tim and welcome
Relative to what I was paying for rent. But yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But you know, you got to do what you got to do. And all right. So let's get started. What is real time analytics? Because I, and for context, because I know a lot of us, a lot of people are joining because it's Tim and welcome And I'm totally going to do a self-plug of make sure you follow, subscribe if you want. You know, that would help too. But follow, because I need followers. I am a developer advocate at Ivan, which is a database management company that we, oh wow. I don't even know how many
And I'm totally going to do a self-plug of make sure you follow, subscribe if you want. You know, that would help too. But follow, because I need followers. I am a developer advocate at Ivan, which is a database management company that we, oh wow. I don't even know how many Francesco, you're here so how many databases do we service? Help out with. Because I know Postgres, MySQL, Kafka, 600 of them. By the way, Hi Rob Robert, I just saw your shout out. Sorry. Yeah, 600 of them that you guys wrote. That's right. Yeah. Like there's a lot
Francesco, you're here so how many databases do we service? Help out with. Because I know Postgres, MySQL, Kafka, 600 of them. By the way, Hi Rob Robert, I just saw your shout out. Sorry. Yeah, 600 of them that you guys wrote. That's right. Yeah. Like there's a lot Like there's a lot. And a lot of what I do is I work on getting people started with these different products. Like that's the content I'm working on with Ivan, as well as meetups. And then I'm still learning about databases with Teach Nentek
Like there's a lot. And a lot of what I do is I work on getting people started with these different products. Like that's the content I'm working on with Ivan, as well as meetups. And then I'm still learning about databases with Teach Nentek Because as you, if you check out YouTube, you'll see streams of what is data and entered a databases. And like the difference between SQL and no SQL and we're getting there. We've done a stream on Kafka. And I still don't understand it. But that's OK. I will get there. Yeah
Because as you, if you check out YouTube, you'll see streams of what is data and entered a databases. And like the difference between SQL and no SQL and we're getting there. We've done a stream on Kafka. And I still don't understand it. But that's OK. I will get there. Yeah Yeah. So that is the background of why I ask about what is real time analytics. There you go. And with respect to all that stuff, like, this is teach gen tech and the conversation goes, where Gen wants it to go. And so whatever if Kafka comes back up this week, that's great
Yeah. So that is the background of why I ask about what is real time analytics. There you go. And with respect to all that stuff, like, this is teach gen tech and the conversation goes, where Gen wants it to go. And so whatever if Kafka comes back up this week, that's great It might we're going to do this again next week and talk more specifically about Apache Pino. And so that could be a might talk about Kafka more there. We'll see. But can I just back up before we talk about real time analytics? Sir, it makes no sense to talk about real time analytics
It might we're going to do this again next week and talk more specifically about Apache Pino. And so that could be a might talk about Kafka more there. We'll see. But can I just back up before we talk about real time analytics? Sir, it makes no sense to talk about real time analytics Before we talk about analytics. I have been, and maybe this is like a thing that a middle-aged person does. I've just been thinking about the things in their historical context a lot recently. And I think that helps clarify just what analytics means
Before we talk about analytics. I have been, and maybe this is like a thing that a middle-aged person does. I've just been thinking about the things in their historical context a lot recently. And I think that helps clarify just what analytics means Because genuinely you're interested in databases. But if we would just rewind back to the beginning of commercial digital computing, that's the mid to late 40s, the first computers that we would call mainframes are being developed and sold. We think of them as IBM
Because genuinely you're interested in databases. But if we would just rewind back to the beginning of commercial digital computing, that's the mid to late 40s, the first computers that we would call mainframes are being developed and sold. We think of them as IBM There are a few other companies who are in that act. And these are single threaded batch machines that compute analytics. Okay, that's the purpose. Commercial computing begins with analytics. The modern story of analytics begins with at the same time is commercial computing
There are a few other companies who are in that act. And these are single threaded batch machines that compute analytics. Okay, that's the purpose. Commercial computing begins with analytics. The modern story of analytics begins with at the same time is commercial computing And so you had a bunch of data. And there had been in the decades, I live in Mountain View right now, and just up Shoreline Boulevard is the computer history museum. And you can actually see some of these things that I'm talking about. And I, at a place, I don't want to be weird
And so you had a bunch of data. And there had been in the decades, I live in Mountain View right now, and just up Shoreline Boulevard is the computer history museum. And you can actually see some of these things that I'm talking about. And I, at a place, I don't want to be weird I literally weep sometimes in some of those exhibits. It's just really affecting to me. It's amazing the stuff that's there. But, you know, you had in the decades before that mechanical tabulating machines where, you know, there's data on punch cards
I literally weep sometimes in some of those exhibits. It's just really affecting to me. It's amazing the stuff that's there. But, you know, you had in the decades before that mechanical tabulating machines where, you know, there's data on punch cards And it's kind of doing basically adding of things. But then the first mainframes are taking data in batches on punched cards and running software. You know, you could write arbitrary programs on these things. And they're doing batch analytics. Okay. And it's so difficult
And it's kind of doing basically adding of things. But then the first mainframes are taking data in batches on punched cards and running software. You know, you could write arbitrary programs on these things. And they're doing batch analytics. Okay. And it's so difficult And those machines are so expensive. And the model IBM, least of them. You didn't buy these things. You leased them for, you know, if you make the inflation calculation, it's hundreds of thousands of dollars a month. And- No expensive
And those machines are so expensive. And the model IBM, least of them. You didn't buy these things. You leased them for, you know, if you make the inflation calculation, it's hundreds of thousands of dollars a month. And- No expensive And- No expensive. Right, right, without even adjusting for like GDP and all that stuff, it was a smaller world back then. But they were so expensive that only the largest scale businesses could justify the expense. Okay. The auto shop down the street is not going to have a computer
And- No expensive. Right, right, without even adjusting for like GDP and all that stuff, it was a smaller world back then. But they were so expensive that only the largest scale businesses could justify the expense. Okay. The auto shop down the street is not going to have a computer We know that, right? And so large scale businesses and governments. We're talking banks, airlines, utilities, things that operate at that nation scale governments by definition, they're buying computers and they're doing batch analytics
We know that, right? And so large scale businesses and governments. We're talking banks, airlines, utilities, things that operate at that nation scale governments by definition, they're buying computers and they're doing batch analytics And so it's such an expensive thing to do that only these very high status leaders in these very large valuable organizations are able to do analytics
And so it's such an expensive thing to do that only these very high status leaders in these very large valuable organizations are able to do analytics And there's a big separation in time between the events happening out there in the world and someone encoding the events in punch cards and then writing a program ingesting right. So- Quick questions from the audience real quick was that building used to be Silicon graphics. Yes, yes. About that
And there's a big separation in time between the events happening out there in the world and someone encoding the events in punch cards and then writing a program ingesting right. So- Quick questions from the audience real quick was that building used to be Silicon graphics. Yes, yes. About that About that. Yeah, boy. And then also, is that the same place Adobe and Netscape co-founders worked at together? I don't know. Adobe's founding might have been contemporaneous with like early days of SGI. Netscape. I just don't know the answer to that one
About that. Yeah, boy. And then also, is that the same place Adobe and Netscape co-founders worked at together? I don't know. Adobe's founding might have been contemporaneous with like early days of SGI. Netscape. I just don't know the answer to that one But Bakari is, I mean, he's lived here longer than I have. So he know. But yeah, that's the former SGI headquarters. And it's, anyway, if you're in the area, if you're coming to my wedding, it's on the list of things to do on the site on the not. So yeah
But Bakari is, I mean, he's lived here longer than I have. So he know. But yeah, that's the former SGI headquarters. And it's, anyway, if you're in the area, if you're coming to my wedding, it's on the list of things to do on the site on the not. So yeah So yeah. Anyway, that's that's the start, right? It's very expensive. It's very difficult. You have to be a high status leader in a very valuable large organization to be able to do analytics. And then, you know, we chip away at that. That's the late 40s by the early to mid 60s
So yeah. Anyway, that's that's the start, right? It's very expensive. It's very difficult. You have to be a high status leader in a very valuable large organization to be able to do analytics. And then, you know, we chip away at that. That's the late 40s by the early to mid 60s You've got the system 360. And this is a mainframe that is the first kind of thing that, you know, we would recognize as a computer kind of like we think of them because it has an operating system that runs on it. And you write software that runs on that operating system
You've got the system 360. And this is a mainframe that is the first kind of thing that, you know, we would recognize as a computer kind of like we think of them because it has an operating system that runs on it. And you write software that runs on that operating system And that operating system is going to get ported to other models in the same product line. You know, like you have OS 10 and it runs on various Macs. And they're all the same. And you write the same program. And they're all there. And you know, it's, that's the way we think of the world
And that operating system is going to get ported to other models in the same product line. You know, like you have OS 10 and it runs on various Macs. And they're all the same. And you write the same program. And they're all there. And you know, it's, that's the way we think of the world So you get there, right? And people are still doing analytics. But now all of a sudden, computers are fast enough that it's not just a bunch of punch cards in and some punch cards out with smaller numbers on them. But now you connect terminals to them
So you get there, right? And people are still doing analytics. But now all of a sudden, computers are fast enough that it's not just a bunch of punch cards in and some punch cards out with smaller numbers on them. But now you connect terminals to them And so computing is powerful enough to be able to handle transactions. OK. So when we talk about analytics, there are these two kinds of databases in the world. There's transactional databases and there's analytics databases, OLTP databases and OLAP databases, those two terms, OLTP and OLAP
And so computing is powerful enough to be able to handle transactions. OK. So when we talk about analytics, there are these two kinds of databases in the world. There's transactional databases and there's analytics databases, OLTP databases and OLAP databases, those two terms, OLTP and OLAP And OLTP transaction processing wasn't even a thing until mainframe got going for a little bit. And they were fast enough that you could hook up terminals and do this stuff
And OLTP transaction processing wasn't even a thing until mainframe got going for a little bit. And they were fast enough that you could hook up terminals and do this stuff And so now by, by this point in the 60s, it's commonplace to have terminals connected to computers and multiple people doing multiple things. And so now you have some kind of knowledge worker doing their job accessing data on a computer. And that's not analytics happening there
And so now by, by this point in the 60s, it's commonplace to have terminals connected to computers and multiple people doing multiple things. And so now you have some kind of knowledge worker doing their job accessing data on a computer. And that's not analytics happening there That's transaction processing. So usually what that program did, and that's the old green screen kind of life is what they had then. And basically what they're doing is crud over entities
That's transaction processing. So usually what that program did, and that's the old green screen kind of life is what they had then. And basically what they're doing is crud over entities There are things in the world, and they're using this software to create them, read them, update them, delete them. And that's most of the software that's been written in the two or three human generations that started
There are things in the world, and they're using this software to create them, read them, update them, delete them. And that's most of the software that's been written in the two or three human generations that started You've got these transactional databases with people just accessing entities, and looking at them on the screen and making them and changing them. And so there's interactions out in the world. OK, go ahead. I'm talking a lot in a row. No, you're good
You've got these transactional databases with people just accessing entities, and looking at them on the screen and making them and changing them. And so there's interactions out in the world. OK, go ahead. I'm talking a lot in a row. No, you're good No, you're good. I'm just like, I know I'm going to forget this question. OK, so you got transactional, which is OLP, and then OLTP. OLTP. OLTP. Online transaction processing, OLTP. Which I'm just going to write these definitions down so I don't forget online. There's very good ideas
No, you're good. I'm just like, I know I'm going to forget this question. OK, so you got transactional, which is OLP, and then OLTP. OLTP. OLTP. Online transaction processing, OLTP. Which I'm just going to write these definitions down so I don't forget online. There's very good ideas The actional that I hopefully can read my own handwriting program. Sorry, what was P? Online transaction processing. Processing, thank you. And then the other one was analytics. Online analytical processing. OLAP. Yeah, OLTP and OLAP. It was the thing that I'm like, I'm pretty sure
The actional that I hopefully can read my own handwriting program. Sorry, what was P? Online transaction processing. Processing, thank you. And then the other one was analytics. Online analytical processing. OLAP. Yeah, OLTP and OLAP. It was the thing that I'm like, I'm pretty sure That was it, but OK, cool. And then I like how you gave the example of CRUD. I've you explained it. And I'm like, I think this is the first time somebody has said it out loud that it actually clicked of what CRUD meant. Because I, so I wrote it down really quick
That was it, but OK, cool. And then I like how you gave the example of CRUD. I've you explained it. And I'm like, I think this is the first time somebody has said it out loud that it actually clicked of what CRUD meant. Because I, so I wrote it down really quick I'm like, I don't think I ever clicked. That was great. Yeah, I was like, what? What? OK, thank you for getting those there. And yes, please continue. Awesome. So while we're, by the way, I love talking about stuff at the super fundamental levels. This is, I think this is important
I'm like, I don't think I ever clicked. That was great. Yeah, I was like, what? What? OK, thank you for getting those there. And yes, please continue. Awesome. So while we're, by the way, I love talking about stuff at the super fundamental levels. This is, I think this is important Because we don't even people who have been around the block for a long time. And like, we think we know all this. You don't always think, wait, what does that really mean? What's a transaction? Because if you know transactions, you're going to be like, well, you've got commit and rollback
Because we don't even people who have been around the block for a long time. And like, we think we know all this. You don't always think, wait, what does that really mean? What's a transaction? Because if you know transactions, you're going to be like, well, you've got commit and rollback And you've got two-phase commit. And blah, blah, blah. Nobody cares, right? What's a transaction? Well, what does a business do? A business exchanges things with people. You have, like, you make something. It's a valuable thing. And you give that to your customer
And you've got two-phase commit. And blah, blah, blah. Nobody cares, right? What's a transaction? Well, what does a business do? A business exchanges things with people. You have, like, you make something. It's a valuable thing. And you give that to your customer And what does your customer do? Well, your customer is so happy that you gave them that thing that they give you money. And people do it voluntarily. And it's wonderful. And so there's this exchange of value that's happening. Fundamentally, that's like what a business does
And what does your customer do? Well, your customer is so happy that you gave them that thing that they give you money. And people do it voluntarily. And it's wonderful. And so there's this exchange of value that's happening. Fundamentally, that's like what a business does And that's modeled in account. You see that in like double entry accounting, that idea. That's what we're talking about. So fundamentally, and there are other ways to use oilTP databases. But when you're talking about the activity of a business, those exchanges are happening
And that's modeled in account. You see that in like double entry accounting, that idea. That's what we're talking about. So fundamentally, and there are other ways to use oilTP databases. But when you're talking about the activity of a business, those exchanges are happening And you are recording them in the database. That thing happens out there, and you keep a record of it. Or, hi, Graham. Hi, Graham. You are keeping a record of a thing, like I'm a user of a system. And I'm doing all these address changes right now all of the update operations
And you are recording them in the database. That thing happens out there, and you keep a record of it. Or, hi, Graham. Hi, Graham. You are keeping a record of a thing, like I'm a user of a system. And I'm doing all these address changes right now all of the update operations I want to go read my account. Show me my address right now. OK, edit, click, new address, update. So you're either recording transactions or you're keeping track of the state of things out in the world. Fundamentally, that's what transactional databases do
I want to go read my account. Show me my address right now. OK, edit, click, new address, update. So you're either recording transactions or you're keeping track of the state of things out in the world. Fundamentally, that's what transactional databases do And the point I'm slowly making here is that. Computers had to get fast enough to where that was even a meaningful thing to do. And then they did. And there are all these terminals. And if you look, I travel a lot
And the point I'm slowly making here is that. Computers had to get fast enough to where that was even a meaningful thing to do. And then they did. And there are all these terminals. And if you look, I travel a lot If you ever look at the screen of the airline person at the ticket counter, you're wonder, why are they typing so much? They're just typing all of this stuff so fast. It's really strange. But they're using a terminal emulator on a modern computer
If you ever look at the screen of the airline person at the ticket counter, you're wonder, why are they typing so much? They're just typing all of this stuff so fast. It's really strange. But they're using a terminal emulator on a modern computer That's this interface software closely related to the stuff that was developed literally before I was born. And I'm turning 51 in two days. Happy birthday. And happy congratulations. And yay move. I'm going to keep finding you one. It's a big week. I'm sure
That's this interface software closely related to the stuff that was developed literally before I was born. And I'm turning 51 in two days. Happy birthday. And happy congratulations. And yay move. I'm going to keep finding you one. It's a big week. I'm sure I'm sure. So is that a big reason why? And I'm just trying to think of a real life example of what happened with Southwest during COVID
I'm sure. So is that a big reason why? And I'm just trying to think of a real life example of what happened with Southwest during COVID Or last year, I think it was where all of their flights and things crashed because it, from what I remember, it was more about their software couldn't keep up with it. And so things got crossed, which in turn makes me think that it's dangerous. Yeah. I don't know any details of why that went down
Or last year, I think it was where all of their flights and things crashed because it, from what I remember, it was more about their software couldn't keep up with it. And so things got crossed, which in turn makes me think that it's dangerous. Yeah. I don't know any details of why that went down In general, I wouldn't blame the platform. Airlines run on mainframes. And a lot of travel deep under the covers, there's still mainframes doing that stuff. And that stuff can scale and be reliable and run. And you can screw it up
In general, I wouldn't blame the platform. Airlines run on mainframes. And a lot of travel deep under the covers, there's still mainframes doing that stuff. And that stuff can scale and be reliable and run. And you can screw it up So I think that had to do with last Christmas, there was the big crazy thing. Because there was lots of travel and then some weather. And that's just kind of airline instability. Because there's not a lot of slack in that system. And one bad thing happens
So I think that had to do with last Christmas, there was the big crazy thing. Because there was lots of travel and then some weather. And that's just kind of airline instability. Because there's not a lot of slack in that system. And one bad thing happens But mainframes started as analytics machines. Now they're doing transaction processing and analytics, or what we then called reporting, was it the feature of the software? Because all the data's right there. It's one database to rule them all
But mainframes started as analytics machines. Now they're doing transaction processing and analytics, or what we then called reporting, was it the feature of the software? Because all the data's right there. It's one database to rule them all One database to find them, one database to bring them all and in the darkness bind to them. And then you've got software and application running around that database. So the transactions, the analytics, they're all the same. It's all fine. And so we're popping along through the 70s
One database to find them, one database to bring them all and in the darkness bind to them. And then you've got software and application running around that database. So the transactions, the analytics, they're all the same. It's all fine. And so we're popping along through the 70s And then in the 80s, some things happen, which is basically PCs. So now we're good enough at making computers that you can make a sufficiently powerful computer that it can do a lot of that knowledge work stuff locally. You can actually have programs running on that thing
And then in the 80s, some things happen, which is basically PCs. So now we're good enough at making computers that you can make a sufficiently powerful computer that it can do a lot of that knowledge work stuff locally. You can actually have programs running on that thing Maybe it's still a crappy green screen and life sucks in 1982. But it's fast enough that it can actually run programs that you can use. And people start connecting those computers on networks
Maybe it's still a crappy green screen and life sucks in 1982. But it's fast enough that it can actually run programs that you can use. And people start connecting those computers on networks This is big revolution happening in the 80s, called people talking about lands, local area networks, and open systems. And now we've got little database servers, Oracle starts as a company in the 1980s. And you take one of those PCs, maybe a bigger B for your one. And you put Oracle on it
This is big revolution happening in the 80s, called people talking about lands, local area networks, and open systems. And now we've got little database servers, Oracle starts as a company in the 1980s. And you take one of those PCs, maybe a bigger B for your one. And you put Oracle on it Maybe it's not a PC. It's a Unix workstation, whatever. But now there's this server on your network that holds your data. And you've got all these PCs network to it, each running their programs, talking to that data
Maybe it's not a PC. It's a Unix workstation, whatever. But now there's this server on your network that holds your data. And you've got all these PCs network to it, each running their programs, talking to that data And that's an interesting new approach, because it's cheaper to build out and it's easier to change. And so it revolutionizes the way business computing happens. Now everybody's got a PC in front of them, gradually. And there are these database servers on the network, new terms
And that's an interesting new approach, because it's cheaper to build out and it's easier to change. And so it revolutionizes the way business computing happens. Now everybody's got a PC in front of them, gradually. And there are these database servers on the network, new terms And it's not just one database server. So in my department, I get some budget for my own database server and my own application. And in another part of the business, they want to do their own thing. They're tired of being controlled by the mainframe priesthood
And it's not just one database server. So in my department, I get some budget for my own database server and my own application. And in another part of the business, they want to do their own thing. They're tired of being controlled by the mainframe priesthood And so they get their own database server and their own application developers, and they're building their own stuff. And so now all of a sudden, instead of this centralized tower controlled by a priesthood, you've got local control and kind of this flowering of innovation
And so they get their own database server and their own application developers, and they're building their own stuff. And so now all of a sudden, instead of this centralized tower controlled by a priesthood, you've got local control and kind of this flowering of innovation But oh, crap, your data is everywhere. So what used to be all of my transactions were done in one database. And I could just do reports in that one place. Now the data is everywhere
But oh, crap, your data is everywhere. So what used to be all of my transactions were done in one database. And I could just do reports in that one place. Now the data is everywhere And so how do I know what's going on in the business? So there's this revolution in application architecture that happens in the 80s. Instead of everything's on the mainframe, we go to a paradigm called client server where the client is the PC. There's software running on the PC
And so how do I know what's going on in the business? So there's this revolution in application architecture that happens in the 80s. Instead of everything's on the mainframe, we go to a paradigm called client server where the client is the PC. There's software running on the PC The server is the database server somewhere on the network. That's a completely different way to write software. And that breaks the way that we've done analytics. I have questions about this. I also want to catch up on the chat of Graham said, Southwest was something to do with a storm
The server is the database server somewhere on the network. That's a completely different way to write software. And that breaks the way that we've done analytics. I have questions about this. I also want to catch up on the chat of Graham said, Southwest was something to do with a storm Concy Loads is delayed. The software can actually handle all the updates to the schedule and crashed. OK, yay. True story. Both of my daughters were visiting Denver from out of town. No, sorry. One of them was trying to take a trip to visit her in laws on the East Coast
Concy Loads is delayed. The software can actually handle all the updates to the schedule and crashed. OK, yay. True story. Both of my daughters were visiting Denver from out of town. No, sorry. One of them was trying to take a trip to visit her in laws on the East Coast The flight just got canceled. And they're like, no, you can't have a flight for another week. Like didn't happen. The other daughter was trying to fly back to San Diego. They ended up driving. It was crazy. Anyway, go on. Yeah, no, you're good
The flight just got canceled. And they're like, no, you can't have a flight for another week. Like didn't happen. The other daughter was trying to fly back to San Diego. They ended up driving. It was crazy. Anyway, go on. Yeah, no, you're good And para social can get a database with $5 a month with PHP hosting. Yeah, they're pretty cheap now. Yeah, yeah. And I feel like I'm getting there. So I liked the way I wish my iPad was working to stream. I'll have to figure this out later
And para social can get a database with $5 a month with PHP hosting. Yeah, they're pretty cheap now. Yeah, yeah. And I feel like I'm getting there. So I liked the way I wish my iPad was working to stream. I'll have to figure this out later The visual of that Oracle was like the local network database and then the land to everything else, because that also helps why Oracle started
The visual of that Oracle was like the local network database and then the land to everything else, because that also helps why Oracle started And then the way you said it was a client server, meaning that they ran the software on their own computer, but was still asking the database from the local network. Yes, yes. OK. That was the new paradigm
And then the way you said it was a client server, meaning that they ran the software on their own computer, but was still asking the database from the local network. Yes, yes. OK. That was the new paradigm Instead of all of it centered around the mainframe, and you've got a terminal that kicks in the main. I mean, we complain about monoliths now. The original monolith was the thing that came before client server
Instead of all of it centered around the mainframe, and you've got a terminal that kicks in the main. I mean, we complain about monoliths now. The original monolith was the thing that came before client server And I was a nerdy teenager in the 80s, reading by magazine, anybody of a certain age in the audience will just feel waves of warm nostalgia right now
And I was a nerdy teenager in the 80s, reading by magazine, anybody of a certain age in the audience will just feel waves of warm nostalgia right now And at that time, this was the thing that the wild-eyed revolutionaries were carrying the banner and calling people to the barricades to tear down the tyranny of the mainframe and replace it with PCs and lands and client server. It was really a big thing
And at that time, this was the thing that the wild-eyed revolutionaries were carrying the banner and calling people to the barricades to tear down the tyranny of the mainframe and replace it with PCs and lands and client server. It was really a big thing It was a revolution in application architecture and in the economics of computing, which is itself is cool. And just we're telling the story of analytics here, it broke the way analytics worked. With that transition, the tools that we had didn't work anymore
It was a revolution in application architecture and in the economics of computing, which is itself is cool. And just we're telling the story of analytics here, it broke the way analytics worked. With that transition, the tools that we had didn't work anymore When, and I'm going with context here, and again, this is probably my favorite thing about the show is I will ask them. What I think are the most simplest questions. And I'm like, I'm actually going to ask them now. Instead of just hiding and being like, I know it. Now I don't
When, and I'm going with context here, and again, this is probably my favorite thing about the show is I will ask them. What I think are the most simplest questions. And I'm like, I'm actually going to ask them now. Instead of just hiding and being like, I know it. Now I don't Now I don't. Mainframe, is that just the big computers before they went to home computers? Or how was it described? Yeah, basically. Yeah, yeah. I mean, at first, they were the computers that we were able to make. And they were big and heavy and acquired special power and everything
Now I don't. Mainframe, is that just the big computers before they went to home computers? Or how was it described? Yeah, basically. Yeah, yeah. I mean, at first, they were the computers that we were able to make. And they were big and heavy and acquired special power and everything And the first digital computers that human beings figured how to make were large and expensive and physically heavy and needed three phase power and cooling and all that stuff. So it was the best we could do
And the first digital computers that human beings figured how to make were large and expensive and physically heavy and needed three phase power and cooling and all that stuff. So it was the best we could do And that paradigm of the one giant machine is just the paradigm that we carried forward for about 30 years and just got better and better at it. Like we went from vacuum tubes to transistors, transistors, to integrated circuits
And that paradigm of the one giant machine is just the paradigm that we carried forward for about 30 years and just got better and better at it. Like we went from vacuum tubes to transistors, transistors, to integrated circuits We became more modular and IBM with System 360 and the work of Fred Brooks, the late Fred Brooks, he finally passed away last year. You know, a common operating system that would persist over different versions of the hardware, all that stuff
We became more modular and IBM with System 360 and the work of Fred Brooks, the late Fred Brooks, he finally passed away last year. You know, a common operating system that would persist over different versions of the hardware, all that stuff But the basic idea of a computer is a giant thing that goes in a special room and you need to cool it and order special power connections. That was the mainframe and that was the paradigm that just got carried forward for 30 years or so years
But the basic idea of a computer is a giant thing that goes in a special room and you need to cool it and order special power connections. That was the mainframe and that was the paradigm that just got carried forward for 30 years or so years And Graham said, ha ha, yes you can, but through input not scale of tens of thousands of users, this is why we have such complex infrastructure
And Graham said, ha ha, yes you can, but through input not scale of tens of thousands of users, this is why we have such complex infrastructure Yeah, that was I think responding to pair of social about the $5 months, like that $5 month database was shared hosting and that works solves a lot of problems but some problems it doesn't solve and this is why you have other systems
Yeah, that was I think responding to pair of social about the $5 months, like that $5 month database was shared hosting and that works solves a lot of problems but some problems it doesn't solve and this is why you have other systems And which is really ironic as now we are going back towards thin clients. Yeah, yeah. And I'll get later on in the story to what I think is happening with application architecture now. I mean the web, the web disturbed what we meant by client but we'll get there
And which is really ironic as now we are going back towards thin clients. Yeah, yeah. And I'll get later on in the story to what I think is happening with application architecture now. I mean the web, the web disturbed what we meant by client but we'll get there And learner said, uni back time and I feel like you did go through that was uni back with the different, okay. Wasn't the first mainframe but it wasn't early one. Yeah. Okay
And learner said, uni back time and I feel like you did go through that was uni back with the different, okay. Wasn't the first mainframe but it wasn't early one. Yeah. Okay Yeah. Okay. And then learners just mentioning they didn't know much about computers until middle school, but that's really way after all these machines. I will say I was in the 90s
Yeah. Okay. And then learners just mentioning they didn't know much about computers until middle school, but that's really way after all these machines. I will say I was in the 90s I was fortunate enough that my dad bought all the latest and greatest things and tried to tinker with them and break them apart. So I got to see a lot of it but I didn't ask a lot of questions back then
I was fortunate enough that my dad bought all the latest and greatest things and tried to tinker with them and break them apart. So I got to see a lot of it but I didn't ask a lot of questions back then And but it's starting to piece together as I have people on the show and like, oh, that's what that was. Or why people would go play Starcraft at a LAN party. Yeah, LAN party cafes, computer cafes, they used to be a thing
And but it's starting to piece together as I have people on the show and like, oh, that's what that was. Or why people would go play Starcraft at a LAN party. Yeah, LAN party cafes, computer cafes, they used to be a thing But okay, so we got to the point where we have the client server and it still connects to the database on the network. Yeah. And client server is a gram. I, a principle person, this is good. This is good. Maybe we'll go there. I don't want to play the I'm old enough game just yet
But okay, so we got to the point where we have the client server and it still connects to the database on the network. Yeah. And client server is a gram. I, a principle person, this is good. This is good. Maybe we'll go there. I don't want to play the I'm old enough game just yet But client server was compelling economically and technologically and was winning. But the problem now is that all of your data that describes, remember all those transactions happening in the world and they used to be reflected in that one database and reporting was just a feature of that program
But client server was compelling economically and technologically and was winning. But the problem now is that all of your data that describes, remember all those transactions happening in the world and they used to be reflected in that one database and reporting was just a feature of that program Now there's dozens of databases that all those transactions for different business units and departments are in with all those different business leaders wanting control over their own application and their own data and having it now, because like computers are cheap enough and they can put PCs on desks
Now there's dozens of databases that all those transactions for different business units and departments are in with all those different business leaders wanting control over their own application and their own data and having it now, because like computers are cheap enough and they can put PCs on desks And so how do you have one view of what's going on? Well, this is where the data warehouse enters. This is a late 80s, early 90s technology. Okay. And the idea was, okay, fine. You've got all these departmental databases with all these different transactional schemas all over the place
And so how do you have one view of what's going on? Well, this is where the data warehouse enters. This is a late 80s, early 90s technology. Okay. And the idea was, okay, fine. You've got all these departmental databases with all these different transactional schemas all over the place We're gonna write a program that at night, because again, this is kind of a pre-globalized world and so you do business during the day and then computers sleep at night. At night, we're gonna go read all of the transactions that happened in the previous day from all of those databases
We're gonna write a program that at night, because again, this is kind of a pre-globalized world and so you do business during the day and then computers sleep at night. At night, we're gonna go read all of the transactions that happened in the previous day from all of those databases They're all in different formats
They're all in different formats Everybody's got a different view of the customer, different schema and we're gonna take all that, mush it together, try and unify all the different views of things and transform the way the data is structured and then load it all into a completely separate database that database is called the data warehouse
Everybody's got a different view of the customer, different schema and we're gonna take all that, mush it together, try and unify all the different views of things and transform the way the data is structured and then load it all into a completely separate database that database is called the data warehouse So you've got all of these departmental databases. We're gonna suck all the changes from yesterday out of all of them, transform them into a new format and dump them into the data warehouse database
So you've got all of these departmental databases. We're gonna suck all the changes from yesterday out of all of them, transform them into a new format and dump them into the data warehouse database Now that data warehouse database was still like Oracle or whatever, right? It was another relational database. We're not talking about database technologies in this, but by this time, everything is SQL, everything is relational pretty much. That's really starting to win by say 1990
Now that data warehouse database was still like Oracle or whatever, right? It was another relational database. We're not talking about database technologies in this, but by this time, everything is SQL, everything is relational pretty much. That's really starting to win by say 1990 But that data warehouse is rising right about then. Right around the time of the first Gulf War, if that helps put it in any kind of perspective for anybody. And that now becomes this generation-long paradigm of the way analytics is done
But that data warehouse is rising right about then. Right around the time of the first Gulf War, if that helps put it in any kind of perspective for anybody. And that now becomes this generation-long paradigm of the way analytics is done And we had to develop that because of the change and application architecture. People are doing client server now. There's all these databases and we need to do this thing to get all that database into one place so now I can write reports on that
And we had to develop that because of the change and application architecture. People are doing client server now. There's all these databases and we need to do this thing to get all that database into one place so now I can write reports on that And it's still a batch process, right? It's running at night. I can see what happened yesterday in this morning. I see what happened yesterday. And at that time, this is all oriented around a printed report
And it's still a batch process, right? It's running at night. I can see what happened yesterday in this morning. I see what happened yesterday. And at that time, this is all oriented around a printed report So somebody's designing a report in report designing software and it gets printed out on a laser printer. And it's still pretty expensive at this point to do all this. So you're still a pretty high status business leader. Now lots of different kinds of companies can have computers now
So somebody's designing a report in report designing software and it gets printed out on a laser printer. And it's still pretty expensive at this point to do all this. So you're still a pretty high status business leader. Now lots of different kinds of companies can have computers now It's not just airlines and banks and utilities and governments. Any even medium-sized business is doing this, but you got to spend a lot of money. And so you're not doing this for everybody. You're doing this for senior leaders in the organization
It's not just airlines and banks and utilities and governments. Any even medium-sized business is doing this, but you got to spend a lot of money. And so you're not doing this for everybody. You're doing this for senior leaders in the organization They're getting printed reports about what happened yesterday. And that sounds slow by modern standards
They're getting printed reports about what happened yesterday. And that sounds slow by modern standards But at the time, again, these are wild-eyed revolutionaries blazing a trail saying, I can get you all that data back that for the last 10 years has been locked up in these departmental databases that we've all been getting so excited about
But at the time, again, these are wild-eyed revolutionaries blazing a trail saying, I can get you all that data back that for the last 10 years has been locked up in these departmental databases that we've all been getting so excited about Now I can show you what happened in your business yesterday. And this really sets the tone for the modern era of analytics. It's this is 30 plus years ago. But we've spent those 30 years working through that paradigm. So I'll pause there for a second. Take us to the modern world
Now I can show you what happened in your business yesterday. And this really sets the tone for the modern era of analytics. It's this is 30 plus years ago. But we've spent those 30 years working through that paradigm. So I'll pause there for a second. Take us to the modern world I don't know if you've got questions. I don't know if I have as much questions as much as this is really helping understand a lot more about databases, but also about how we went from just words, Jen
I don't know if you've got questions. I don't know if I have as much questions as much as this is really helping understand a lot more about databases, but also about how we went from just words, Jen So I've had different guests on the show to talk about the different types of databases or Ben Gamble, who's also from Ivan. He came on the show to talk about data in general, like from the researchers too. So that really helped
So I've had different guests on the show to talk about the different types of databases or Ben Gamble, who's also from Ivan. He came on the show to talk about data in general, like from the researchers too. So that really helped And a lot of what you're saying is just piecing these things together. But then also, and I'm curious to see how analytics were built up and how it's become much more real-time analytics, which we're going to talk about, because when I worked at GoDaddy, the analytics were still delayed
And a lot of what you're saying is just piecing these things together. But then also, and I'm curious to see how analytics were built up and how it's become much more real-time analytics, which we're going to talk about, because when I worked at GoDaddy, the analytics were still delayed And when I think about analytics, I think about probably more on the client side of like Tableau. Is that what it's called? Tableau? I think so. Tableau. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So I'm curious to hear more about how that evolves because why those were still delayed
And when I think about analytics, I think about probably more on the client side of like Tableau. Is that what it's called? Tableau? I think so. Tableau. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So I'm curious to hear more about how that evolves because why those were still delayed Are they still delayed? I haven't worked at GoDaddy for five years now. So a lot of things could have changed in the last five years. I'm pretty sure it did. But that's where my head's at right now
Are they still delayed? I haven't worked at GoDaddy for five years now. So a lot of things could have changed in the last five years. I'm pretty sure it did. But that's where my head's at right now And we do have a question from Anthony of why did Postgres win relational? I don't have a good answer there. I mean, learner, that's true. But my sequel was open source. And it had years of development. And I mean, I think my SQL, so how do my SQL folks say it? My SQL might disagree
And we do have a question from Anthony of why did Postgres win relational? I don't have a good answer there. I mean, learner, that's true. But my sequel was open source. And it had years of development. And I mean, I think my SQL, so how do my SQL folks say it? My SQL might disagree But I would agree that Postgres is kind of the de facto choice. So yeah, parallel to fine win. I mean, fair enough. I think it's fair to say that Postgres is the de facto go to open source relational database. It's not the only good one
But I would agree that Postgres is kind of the de facto choice. So yeah, parallel to fine win. I mean, fair enough. I think it's fair to say that Postgres is the de facto go to open source relational database. It's not the only good one But Francisco, if you got to love your thoughts in chat, it seems like you need to, for professional reasons, would want to be thinking about this yourself. So I'm not sure. I'll just say, I'm not sure. I feel like I feel like Anthony asked that because he knows
But Francisco, if you got to love your thoughts in chat, it seems like you need to, for professional reasons, would want to be thinking about this yourself. So I'm not sure. I'll just say, I'm not sure. I feel like I feel like Anthony asked that because he knows So for those who are curious, Anthony is who I like to call my internet big brother. He is the one that the third person I talked to you and was like, dude, you should live stream. And was my second guest on Teach and Tech. So that was lovely. And he likes coming on the streams
So for those who are curious, Anthony is who I like to call my internet big brother. He is the one that the third person I talked to you and was like, dude, you should live stream. And was my second guest on Teach and Tech. So that was lovely. And he likes coming on the streams Because he really did the called questions. Just which I, I always find pretty funny. And Francesco is my colleague, but also my own mentor and helping me understand a lot of this because this is a lot of shit to learn. And then also comparing it to where I work
Because he really did the called questions. Just which I, I always find pretty funny. And Francesco is my colleague, but also my own mentor and helping me understand a lot of this because this is a lot of shit to learn. And then also comparing it to where I work It's very helpful to be able to balance the two. And yes, there's so much more going in. And I'm glad Francesco loves Postgres because that is the first one I am tackling. But also it could also be just because their logo is an elephant and I love elephants
It's very helpful to be able to balance the two. And yes, there's so much more going in. And I'm glad Francesco loves Postgres because that is the first one I am tackling. But also it could also be just because their logo is an elephant and I love elephants I feel like that's not a good enough reason, but it's difficult not to love elephants. Jen, I think I think that's fair. So let's, let's, we have data warehouses, right? And we are just on the cliff, right, before we jump off into the web now
I feel like that's not a good enough reason, but it's difficult not to love elephants. Jen, I think I think that's fair. So let's, let's, we have data warehouses, right? And we are just on the cliff, right, before we jump off into the web now So the early to mid 90s, the web starts to happen and changes everybody's life. And you know, we've completely reimagining the ways that we buy dog food and kitchen utensils and and deodorant and, you know, e-commerce is a thing and the dot com boom
So the early to mid 90s, the web starts to happen and changes everybody's life. And you know, we've completely reimagining the ways that we buy dog food and kitchen utensils and and deodorant and, you know, e-commerce is a thing and the dot com boom A lot is happening in terms of the way computers are connected in terms of the way we access information. So blah, blah, blah, not much is happening in terms of application architecture. Okay
A lot is happening in terms of the way computers are connected in terms of the way we access information. So blah, blah, blah, not much is happening in terms of application architecture. Okay Okay. The web is hugely transformational, but we are still essentially building client server systems, the stuff that we learned how to do in the 80s when the web hits in the 90s, we use all those same tools. And now we build client server systems
Okay. The web is hugely transformational, but we are still essentially building client server systems, the stuff that we learned how to do in the 80s when the web hits in the 90s, we use all those same tools. And now we build client server systems And suddenly, because, because client server was small, remember, it was the whole idea was I can build something just for my department and have control of it and not the whole company wide mainframe. Now we're using that paradigm to build websites, some of which become huge
And suddenly, because, because client server was small, remember, it was the whole idea was I can build something just for my department and have control of it and not the whole company wide mainframe. Now we're using that paradigm to build websites, some of which become huge And that's an interesting story and it's kind of not our story right now. But, you know, there's some strain on the client server paradigm starting to show by 2005, you know, we're seeing that kind of not always handle everything so well
And that's an interesting story and it's kind of not our story right now. But, you know, there's some strain on the client server paradigm starting to show by 2005, you know, we're seeing that kind of not always handle everything so well And the reason why you mentioned GoDaddy, Jenna, I meant to get to that. But the analytics were delayed is because everything is a batch process at this point still. You have what happened yesterday and it's nighttime and then you load it into the system that lets you see it
And the reason why you mentioned GoDaddy, Jenna, I meant to get to that. But the analytics were delayed is because everything is a batch process at this point still. You have what happened yesterday and it's nighttime and then you load it into the system that lets you see it So there's transactions happening here next day analytics can happen here. And it's very much a batch world. It was a batch world in 1947 and it's a batch world in 2007. There's not a lot of real time. I mean, every time I say, you know, real time analytics is a new idea
So there's transactions happening here next day analytics can happen here. And it's very much a batch world. It was a batch world in 1947 and it's a batch world in 2007. There's not a lot of real time. I mean, every time I say, you know, real time analytics is a new idea Like if I go tweet that, six people will say, well, I was doing real time analytics. And you know, yes, of course, like people built special things. But it was not a mainstream practice. Analytics was a batch operation
Like if I go tweet that, six people will say, well, I was doing real time analytics. And you know, yes, of course, like people built special things. But it was not a mainstream practice. Analytics was a batch operation And the strain on the data warehouse, remember the data warehouses, you collect all this data, you put it into the system. Well, now what we're seeing is not so much that there are lots and lots of systems, but we're back to there's one big giant website sometimes
And the strain on the data warehouse, remember the data warehouses, you collect all this data, you put it into the system. Well, now what we're seeing is not so much that there are lots and lots of systems, but we're back to there's one big giant website sometimes And we need to do analytics over all that data. And suddenly the volume, it's more common to collect a very large volume of data. You don't have to just be a utility or an airline or a bank or a government. There are these internet startups. You know, there's the
And we need to do analytics over all that data. And suddenly the volume, it's more common to collect a very large volume of data. You don't have to just be a utility or an airline or a bank or a government. There are these internet startups. You know, there's thecom boom and crash, but into the 2000s, still there are big web companies. And they're seeing that this loading all your data into Oracle to run reports on Oracle just doesn't work. And so Hadoop is born. A what a bird. Hadoop is a product system, an open source system called Hadoop. Okay
com boom and crash, but into the 2000s, still there are big web companies. And they're seeing that this loading all your data into Oracle to run reports on Oracle just doesn't work. And so Hadoop is born. A what a bird. Hadoop is a product system, an open source system called Hadoop. Okay Okay. I French has got replied to you and then I'm going to ask you more about Hadoop. I love Postgres and currently assessing to fast growth in usage. He believes that it's very easy to use
Okay. I French has got replied to you and then I'm going to ask you more about Hadoop. I love Postgres and currently assessing to fast growth in usage. He believes that it's very easy to use It has a very deep set of extension covering a wide set of functionalities and a big healthy community behind it. Okay. I like it. All right. All right. And I'm 100% not going in the way the rest of you are saying because I don't understand it yet. So you all have fun. And. And I'm sooner
It has a very deep set of extension covering a wide set of functionalities and a big healthy community behind it. Okay. I like it. All right. All right. And I'm 100% not going in the way the rest of you are saying because I don't understand it yet. So you all have fun. And. And I'm sooner And I'm sooner. I don't I'm going to let the JavaScript. I would I would I will not enter into a JavaScript debate in a live stream. I mean, every time it's a year's I can have fun. I'm going to leave that. And it's not out of disrespect. It's out of it's out of not being qualified
And I'm sooner. I don't I'm going to let the JavaScript. I would I would I will not enter into a JavaScript debate in a live stream. I mean, every time it's a year's I can have fun. I'm going to leave that. And it's not out of disrespect. It's out of it's out of not being qualified So in about 2010. We have Hadoop HAD OOP. It's logo. Jen. Also an elephant. I'm really. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And it's it's not a going concern anymore. Okay. It it flowered for a couple years and it we are now. Dealing with kind of second-gen third generation and doob's grandchildren
So in about 2010. We have Hadoop HAD OOP. It's logo. Jen. Also an elephant. I'm really. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And it's it's not a going concern anymore. Okay. It it flowered for a couple years and it we are now. Dealing with kind of second-gen third generation and doob's grandchildren But basically what it did is it said we can't have just one computer being a database anymore. We have to spread our data out over a cluster arbitrarily scalable cluster of computers. And then we'll spread our computation all over all those machines. Okay. And. And parasocial I love how you are
But basically what it did is it said we can't have just one computer being a database anymore. We have to spread our data out over a cluster arbitrarily scalable cluster of computers. And then we'll spread our computation all over all those machines. Okay. And. And parasocial I love how you are You are what's the word. You are dropping the hot takes like you don't care. And I love it. Parasosial will post like this spicy stuff. This is this is the third the third. So first it was first it was databases and JavaScript and now you're like no sequels over
You are what's the word. You are dropping the hot takes like you don't care. And I love it. Parasosial will post like this spicy stuff. This is this is the third the third. So first it was first it was databases and JavaScript and now you're like no sequels over I mean, I happen to agree that no sequels over. But I like the spice. I like it a lot. Please continue. Yeah. Yeah. MapReduce was the future for like five minutes. And it was also a terrible way to live. And you know, I don't want to get into MapReduce
I mean, I happen to agree that no sequels over. But I like the spice. I like it a lot. Please continue. Yeah. Yeah. MapReduce was the future for like five minutes. And it was also a terrible way to live. And you know, I don't want to get into MapReduce It's to some degree not the point, but we know what to use that. You know, layers developed on top of that, which parasocial what was the common one. It was hive, which is I'm sorry. What's the language that that is again? Oh, yeah, sequel. So yeah, no sequel. Didn't really. Wasn't really a thing
It's to some degree not the point, but we know what to use that. You know, layers developed on top of that, which parasocial what was the common one. It was hive, which is I'm sorry. What's the language that that is again? Oh, yeah, sequel. So yeah, no sequel. Didn't really. Wasn't really a thing You know, it's an important movement in database technology, but the attempt to get away from the relational model and from sequel failed. Anyway, it's like distraction. I want to stay focused on analytics because we only have a little bit of time left to get the real time
You know, it's an important movement in database technology, but the attempt to get away from the relational model and from sequel failed. Anyway, it's like distraction. I want to stay focused on analytics because we only have a little bit of time left to get the real time So this, this new revolution. These are still batch technologies just like they happen since commercial computing started in 1947. All right, ish. So Hadoop is now instead of one big computer. That's a database. We have 200 small computers that are acting as a giant database
So this, this new revolution. These are still batch technologies just like they happen since commercial computing started in 1947. All right, ish. So Hadoop is now instead of one big computer. That's a database. We have 200 small computers that are acting as a giant database But you still take your transactions from a little while ago and then load them in. And then you write reports. We're doing the same thing. We're just doing it bigger. Yeah, so that happens. Hadoop itself doesn't survive very long as the technology, but that paradigm
But you still take your transactions from a little while ago and then load them in. And then you write reports. We're doing the same thing. We're just doing it bigger. Yeah, so that happens. Hadoop itself doesn't survive very long as the technology, but that paradigm And it's incredibly fruitful idea. It just gets improved upon in spark. And now you've got. You know, the other. Things in that whole ecosystem. That are all this idea of the data is going to be out there. And we'll do a bunch of computation on the data
And it's incredibly fruitful idea. It just gets improved upon in spark. And now you've got. You know, the other. Things in that whole ecosystem. That are all this idea of the data is going to be out there. And we'll do a bunch of computation on the data Out there in s3 or out there on these computers or wherever it is. So. And then we're going to do a bunch of things. Around the same time. As as Hadoop. And I for some reason this just feels like a cheesy thing to say, but. Do it
Out there in s3 or out there on these computers or wherever it is. So. And then we're going to do a bunch of things. Around the same time. As as Hadoop. And I for some reason this just feels like a cheesy thing to say, but. Do it Do it. Mobile devices become a thing, right? I think you just wanted to show the cute picture of you too, because you're going to marry it in 11 days. It is a cute picture. Okay. And so we're now in a world where we're constantly always connected. You don't go home to get online
Do it. Mobile devices become a thing, right? I think you just wanted to show the cute picture of you too, because you're going to marry it in 11 days. It is a cute picture. Okay. And so we're now in a world where we're constantly always connected. You don't go home to get online You know, you're there. And we get accustomed to the fact that. A notification makes the thing in our pocket wiggle. When some thing happens out of the world. Okay. So more and more of our social lives and our commercial lives are mediated through. Computers that are constantly connected
You know, you're there. And we get accustomed to the fact that. A notification makes the thing in our pocket wiggle. When some thing happens out of the world. Okay. So more and more of our social lives and our commercial lives are mediated through. Computers that are constantly connected And we develop the expectation that. Stuff happens instantly. And this also goes into protocols. And like when we had pop three and I map. On how quickly things were grabbing the information. As well. Yeah. I mean, pop three would be an example of a batch. And I'm up
And we develop the expectation that. Stuff happens instantly. And this also goes into protocols. And like when we had pop three and I map. On how quickly things were grabbing the information. As well. Yeah. I mean, pop three would be an example of a batch. And I'm up And I'm up. So they were those are batch technologies, right? You your your email client every so many minutes has to go check. And get stuff and bring it back. So that's like a batch way of doing it. Okay. Yeah
And I'm up. So they were those are batch technologies, right? You your your email client every so many minutes has to go check. And get stuff and bring it back. So that's like a batch way of doing it. Okay. Yeah Okay. Yeah. And so yeah, parosocial apps on phones, by implication, notifications in apps on phones. And so we are becoming accustomed to the fact that stuff happens right away. You don't know about something the next day. You know about it right now. Yeah, Graham, we're just about there
Okay. Yeah. And so yeah, parosocial apps on phones, by implication, notifications in apps on phones. And so we are becoming accustomed to the fact that stuff happens right away. You don't know about something the next day. You know about it right now. Yeah, Graham, we're just about there I know it's taken a long time, but I like telling this to you. I'm so excited to see you. Thank you for sticking with us. It's helpful. So y'all, thanks for sticking with because this is gonna help me learn and be able to tell other people about it. This is teach Gen Tech, that Genstaking Notes
I know it's taken a long time, but I like telling this to you. I'm so excited to see you. Thank you for sticking with us. It's helpful. So y'all, thanks for sticking with because this is gonna help me learn and be able to tell other people about it. This is teach Gen Tech, that Genstaking Notes All right. And remember, I said that that client server pair and I'm when the web happened, that's how we built things. So we just kept using that. Well, that's under more and more and more stress as you get into 2010, 2015, 2005, 2010
All right. And remember, I said that that client server pair and I'm when the web happened, that's how we built things. So we just kept using that. Well, that's under more and more and more stress as you get into 2010, 2015, 2005, 2010 People start complaining in about 2010 about this one giant application. You've got this database and this big giant complex application that does everything. It's one code base. You deploy it all together and it's super hard to change and all that
People start complaining in about 2010 about this one giant application. You've got this database and this big giant complex application that does everything. It's one code base. You deploy it all together and it's super hard to change and all that And we start using a negative word for application, that application architecture. We start calling it the monolith and a monolith is bad, right? It's the stachio twirling villain, all of a sudden, around the same time that Hadoop is happening. This paradigm falls out of favor
And we start using a negative word for application, that application architecture. We start calling it the monolith and a monolith is bad, right? It's the stachio twirling villain, all of a sudden, around the same time that Hadoop is happening. This paradigm falls out of favor It's just another way of saying kind of big client server application, but it becomes bad. And so people start breaking their systems apart into small programs that talk to each other, which we call microservices. So, wait, you've heard the term. Oh, this is weird
It's just another way of saying kind of big client server application, but it becomes bad. And so people start breaking their systems apart into small programs that talk to each other, which we call microservices. So, wait, you've heard the term. Oh, this is weird Oh, this is weird. Like when something finally starts to click, oh, yeah, I mean, I had heard. Well, I hope in a good way. Because the reason, the reason was it was too hard to scale and deploy and change and think about the giant monolith
Oh, this is weird. Like when something finally starts to click, oh, yeah, I mean, I had heard. Well, I hope in a good way. Because the reason, the reason was it was too hard to scale and deploy and change and think about the giant monolith So if you can break that into lots of small programs that are small enough to fit in your head, then each developer can kind of understand the whole thing. And pair of social, I would not, I would not cosine that. I would say there are lots and lots of state for microservices
So if you can break that into lots of small programs that are small enough to fit in your head, then each developer can kind of understand the whole thing. And pair of social, I would not, I would not cosine that. I would say there are lots and lots of state for microservices And well, that yes, less state always means your head hurts less. State always has a cost. But the problem is that, and this was a problem when people started making the first microservices systems that state was really hard to deal with
And well, that yes, less state always means your head hurts less. State always has a cost. But the problem is that, and this was a problem when people started making the first microservices systems that state was really hard to deal with And so I'm gonna go a little teeny bit into Kafka, just a little bit. Around this time at LinkedIn, this is kind of 2010 and 2012, they're making this migration to event-driven architecture, breaking applications into little pieces, wanting data pipelines
And so I'm gonna go a little teeny bit into Kafka, just a little bit. Around this time at LinkedIn, this is kind of 2010 and 2012, they're making this migration to event-driven architecture, breaking applications into little pieces, wanting data pipelines And they actually build a system that ends up being called Kafka, because one of the guys who wrote it was a literature minor college. Just like, yeah, J. Krepp's is literature minor. He, he, uh, I never knew it was LinkedIn, that like built it too. No, it was absolutely LinkedIn
And they actually build a system that ends up being called Kafka, because one of the guys who wrote it was a literature minor college. Just like, yeah, J. Krepp's is literature minor. He, he, uh, I never knew it was LinkedIn, that like built it too. No, it was absolutely LinkedIn Same thing with Pino. So like this is my second company in a row that's linked in infrastructure. But, yeah, and he wrote a system before that called SAMHSA, which was the surname of, I think the guy in Metamorphosis, the guy who turned into the cockroach, Gregor SAMHSA
Same thing with Pino. So like this is my second company in a row that's linked in infrastructure. But, yeah, and he wrote a system before that called SAMHSA, which was the surname of, I think the guy in Metamorphosis, the guy who turned into the cockroach, Gregor SAMHSA I don't know, I don't know my Kafka, the writer very well. But anyway, point being, they build Kafka as a way of getting services and data pipelines to exchange messages with each other in a more scalable way
I don't know, I don't know my Kafka, the writer very well. But anyway, point being, they build Kafka as a way of getting services and data pipelines to exchange messages with each other in a more scalable way So now you've got big program, broken apart into lots of little programs that are shipping events back and forth through logs. And what we have there is another massive change in application architecture. I emphasized this back in the 80s at the client server stuff
So now you've got big program, broken apart into lots of little programs that are shipping events back and forth through logs. And what we have there is another massive change in application architecture. I emphasized this back in the 80s at the client server stuff Okay, we had the mainframe and now all of a sudden PCs and the departmental database on the LAN. And I said this was a totally different way of writing software. The internet happened, that didn't even change it
Okay, we had the mainframe and now all of a sudden PCs and the departmental database on the LAN. And I said this was a totally different way of writing software. The internet happened, that didn't even change it Well, now finally, the internet happened to us hard enough that we start to transition to this event-driven architecture or these little programs exchanging events with one another. You could just call that microservices if you want
Well, now finally, the internet happened to us hard enough that we start to transition to this event-driven architecture or these little programs exchanging events with one another. You could just call that microservices if you want And, difference briefly, peri-social difference between queues and logs like Kafka is the log is persistent. Yeah, Robert, I skipped over S O A because I don't wanna use bad words. No, I did. That was an attempt to get there. And if I wanted this to be two and a half hours long, you're right
And, difference briefly, peri-social difference between queues and logs like Kafka is the log is persistent. Yeah, Robert, I skipped over S O A because I don't wanna use bad words. No, I did. That was an attempt to get there. And if I wanted this to be two and a half hours long, you're right I mean, like, I keep skipping a lot. I wanna go into it, I'm down, but I think he's just setting it up that one of you need to come on the show and talk about it now and give us your lesson. And thank you, Owen, for the subscription. Oh, it was from Roy. You're gifting them, thanks
I mean, like, I keep skipping a lot. I wanna go into it, I'm down, but I think he's just setting it up that one of you need to come on the show and talk about it now and give us your lesson. And thank you, Owen, for the subscription. Oh, it was from Roy. You're gifting them, thanks I appreciate it. Yeah. Yay. S O A was an early and ultimately failed attempt to do what happened later with Kafka and microservices
I appreciate it. Yeah. Yay. S O A was an early and ultimately failed attempt to do what happened later with Kafka and microservices And what happened with Kafka and microservices is now, instead of one giant program, setting it around a single database, we can have lots of little programs that each do a small part of the work and talk to each other through event logs
And what happened with Kafka and microservices is now, instead of one giant program, setting it around a single database, we can have lots of little programs that each do a small part of the work and talk to each other through event logs Now, that's a hugely pregnant statement and I'm gonna mostly just leave it. Like, that's a whole other episode that, honestly, Jen, I could recommend some people who do a great job
Now, that's a hugely pregnant statement and I'm gonna mostly just leave it. Like, that's a whole other episode that, honestly, Jen, I could recommend some people who do a great job I was gonna say, I feel like I need, at some point, someone to like be like, okay, you've had people on about each of these. So now, what's the difference between event driven and real-time analytics, even though they're different, but why are they different? Yeah, yeah, yeah
I was gonna say, I feel like I need, at some point, someone to like be like, okay, you've had people on about each of these. So now, what's the difference between event driven and real-time analytics, even though they're different, but why are they different? Yeah, yeah, yeah I'm just, I'm gonna call it right now. Chris Jenkins, you should get Chris Jenkins. Chris was supposed to be on the show at one point. Okay, well, so there's a lot of things Chris could talk about. Like, you want... Please remind Chris, everybody go remind Chris that he needs to be on the show
I'm just, I'm gonna call it right now. Chris Jenkins, you should get Chris Jenkins. Chris was supposed to be on the show at one point. Okay, well, so there's a lot of things Chris could talk about. Like, you want... Please remind Chris, everybody go remind Chris that he needs to be on the show And now, Chris, I'm gonna solve you. Are you, are you a Haskell or Irlang? I get my, you know, small population of user, purely functional languages confused. That was shade, everybody. Chris is a good programming language guy. He'd be a great guy for event driven architecture. So anyway
And now, Chris, I'm gonna solve you. Are you, are you a Haskell or Irlang? I get my, you know, small population of user, purely functional languages confused. That was shade, everybody. Chris is a good programming language guy. He'd be a great guy for event driven architecture. So anyway So anyway. We were on the event. Okay, so now, now microservices. And this is another paradigm change, actual large disruption in the way we build applications. And now I'm talking to people, many of whom have gone through this
So anyway. We were on the event. Okay, so now, now microservices. And this is another paradigm change, actual large disruption in the way we build applications. And now I'm talking to people, many of whom have gone through this Okay, so if you were like building monoliths for a few years and loving life, and now all of a sudden you're refactoring to microservices and you're like, why does life stuck? I don't know how to do this. That's because it's just a different way of doing things
Okay, so if you were like building monoliths for a few years and loving life, and now all of a sudden you're refactoring to microservices and you're like, why does life stuck? I don't know how to do this. That's because it's just a different way of doing things And we're kind of experiencing that together now. And we're making our way through that paradigm shift. Like being a mainframe programmer in 1975. And then in 1985, having to be a client server programmer and making that change after years of experience on the job. So it's happening again
And we're kind of experiencing that together now. And we're making our way through that paradigm shift. Like being a mainframe programmer in 1975. And then in 1985, having to be a client server programmer and making that change after years of experience on the job. So it's happening again And it's a good thing and it's compelling. And it's gonna continue. And you don't all have to do it, but like it's happening and it's a good thing to learn and surf the wave rather than let it crash over you. But what happened last time, we had a major change in application architecture
And it's a good thing and it's compelling. And it's gonna continue. And you don't all have to do it, but like it's happening and it's a good thing to learn and surf the wave rather than let it crash over you. But what happened last time, we had a major change in application architecture That upset the analytics apple cart, the way we were doing analytics didn't work anymore. Which gets us finally to real time analytics. So what's going on here? We, these two things happened
That upset the analytics apple cart, the way we were doing analytics didn't work anymore. Which gets us finally to real time analytics. So what's going on here? We, these two things happened One, we transitioned to this event-driven microservices application architecture, different way of writing programs, lots of little programs that do one small thing and consume their work from an input log and do things and maybe put an event in an output log
One, we transitioned to this event-driven microservices application architecture, different way of writing programs, lots of little programs that do one small thing and consume their work from an input log and do things and maybe put an event in an output log And that's this network of services talking to each other. That's the modern application architecture now, right? And we're building systems that respond right away. They don't just record transactions in a database so somebody can print out a report on a laser printer tomorrow
And that's this network of services talking to each other. That's the modern application architecture now, right? And we're building systems that respond right away. They don't just record transactions in a database so somebody can print out a report on a laser printer tomorrow Okay? Yeah, and 182 was on the radio the first time when that was happening. That's just not what we do anymore. So. I mean, they just went on tour again. I know, as far as I said, the first one. The tickets are so expensive. Jury is still touring. It's a different lead singer. It's, yeah
Okay? Yeah, and 182 was on the radio the first time when that was happening. That's just not what we do anymore. So. I mean, they just went on tour again. I know, as far as I said, the first one. The tickets are so expensive. Jury is still touring. It's a different lead singer. It's, yeah It's, yeah. Yeah, Robert, we turned the database inside out. That. I like that phrase. That's fine. I like that. It's super great. It's now like you're building your own special purpose database. That's what your system is. And Kafka's the event substrate
It's, yeah. Yeah, Robert, we turned the database inside out. That. I like that phrase. That's fine. I like that. It's super great. It's now like you're building your own special purpose database. That's what your system is. And Kafka's the event substrate And the ways we've been doing analytics, which were now, you know, Spark, snowflake, the data lake, all of these things that are just evolutions of the data warehouse
And the ways we've been doing analytics, which were now, you know, Spark, snowflake, the data lake, all of these things that are just evolutions of the data warehouse They're all still ways of taking all of these data sources, dumping them in this central location and then running reports on it as a batch process. Okay? The specifics that the difference between an early 90s data warehouse and a contemporary data lake are meaningful and large differences
They're all still ways of taking all of these data sources, dumping them in this central location and then running reports on it as a batch process. Okay? The specifics that the difference between an early 90s data warehouse and a contemporary data lake are meaningful and large differences I'm not saying that they're really the same thing, but they are essentially both batch technologies and this way of centralizing that data
I'm not saying that they're really the same thing, but they are essentially both batch technologies and this way of centralizing that data So what we need now, now that increasingly, instead of transactions being stored in a database, transactions are stored in these events in a log that our services are emitting, we need a way of looking back on that log and seeing what's happening and it can't be a batch process anymore because all this stuff is happening in real time
So what we need now, now that increasingly, instead of transactions being stored in a database, transactions are stored in these events in a log that our services are emitting, we need a way of looking back on that log and seeing what's happening and it can't be a batch process anymore because all this stuff is happening in real time So this and LinkedIn built Kafka and then in 2015, they said, well, it's time for us to build a real time analytics database because we've got all these events and we're not trying to run reports on them. We're not trying to power a dashboard for a leader to see
So this and LinkedIn built Kafka and then in 2015, they said, well, it's time for us to build a real time analytics database because we've got all these events and we're not trying to run reports on them. We're not trying to power a dashboard for a leader to see We're trying to take what's happening in the system right now and expose that to people in the user interface, in real time. So what real time means is I load a webpage, I click on a thing, I tap on something on my mobile device, keep picture
We're trying to take what's happening in the system right now and expose that to people in the user interface, in real time. So what real time means is I load a webpage, I click on a thing, I tap on something on my mobile device, keep picture And I am kind of synchronously waiting for it to respond. I type in a search term, show me hamburgers near me because I'm hungry, I want to know the average delivery time of the five burger joints within a mile
And I am kind of synchronously waiting for it to respond. I type in a search term, show me hamburgers near me because I'm hungry, I want to know the average delivery time of the five burger joints within a mile I'm not going to wait 15 seconds for report processes to run, right? It needs to be alive and happened right away
I'm not going to wait 15 seconds for report processes to run, right? It needs to be alive and happened right away So LinkedIn built the original first version of Apache Pino, we'll talk about next time, to be an analytics database that could ingest streaming events and answer queries on average under 100 milliseconds
So LinkedIn built the original first version of Apache Pino, we'll talk about next time, to be an analytics database that could ingest streaming events and answer queries on average under 100 milliseconds All of the previous generations of things, and I know I kind of skipped over the data lake, I didn't dwell very long on a doop and everything, but it's just a big scalable data warehouse, right? All of those were designed to power dashboards, which are just reports in a web browser, right
All of the previous generations of things, and I know I kind of skipped over the data lake, I didn't dwell very long on a doop and everything, but it's just a big scalable data warehouse, right? All of those were designed to power dashboards, which are just reports in a web browser, right And if it takes 15, 30 seconds for a query to run, who cares, I just needed to update every once in a while, that's fine, you know, it used to be overnight, at least it's not overnight anymore, you know? It's okay if that process is pretty slow, because I'm just an exec looking at a dashboard
And if it takes 15, 30 seconds for a query to run, who cares, I just needed to update every once in a while, that's fine, you know, it used to be overnight, at least it's not overnight anymore, you know? It's okay if that process is pretty slow, because I'm just an exec looking at a dashboard But once we're taking data inside the business and exposing it to users and user interface, now it needs to be fresh, you know, not seconds old. Latency on queries can't be 10 seconds, it has to be 50, 75 milliseconds
But once we're taking data inside the business and exposing it to users and user interface, now it needs to be fresh, you know, not seconds old. Latency on queries can't be 10 seconds, it has to be 50, 75 milliseconds And I don't have 15 execs refreshing a dashboard, I have 100,000 users of my application looking for hamburgers right now. And so you've got this massive amount of concurrency. So the shift here, and this happened because of this second pivot in application architecture
And I don't have 15 execs refreshing a dashboard, I have 100,000 users of my application looking for hamburgers right now. And so you've got this massive amount of concurrency. So the shift here, and this happened because of this second pivot in application architecture We had mainframe client server, and now we are experiencing client server to event driven
We had mainframe client server, and now we are experiencing client server to event driven Those same things are pushing us in the direction of needing these databases that are, that can handle many, many more concurrent queries than the previous generation, much lower latency, and much fresher data, there is no batch process, right
Those same things are pushing us in the direction of needing these databases that are, that can handle many, many more concurrent queries than the previous generation, much lower latency, and much fresher data, there is no batch process, right You've got your Kafka pipelines, the data's got to come into the database and be available
You've got your Kafka pipelines, the data's got to come into the database and be available So there you go. Ah, Robert, that Pat Helen to quote, I need to get that guy on my podcast, when you mail him right now, or after we're done. Anyway. Did you also, that's why real time analytics. Did you see grams of the difference between a data warehouse and a data late? Yeah, yeah. Right, right
So there you go. Ah, Robert, that Pat Helen to quote, I need to get that guy on my podcast, when you mail him right now, or after we're done. Anyway. Did you also, that's why real time analytics. Did you see grams of the difference between a data warehouse and a data late? Yeah, yeah. Right, right So if you're a data infrastructure person, data warehouse is like saying monolith, right? You're a little embarrassed by it, and you kind of look down, and you know you're supposed to fix it and some shame, right
So if you're a data infrastructure person, data warehouse is like saying monolith, right? You're a little embarrassed by it, and you kind of look down, and you know you're supposed to fix it and some shame, right That refers to the 90s technology of the one relational database that your ETL process is populating
That refers to the 90s technology of the one relational database that your ETL process is populating And maybe it's not overnight, right? Maybe it's every hour, we've got those cycle times shorter, but it's still this batch process, and it's still that old thing, and then you put a BI tool like Tableau or something on top of that. So data warehouse refers to that
And maybe it's not overnight, right? Maybe it's every hour, we've got those cycle times shorter, but it's still this batch process, and it's still that old thing, and then you put a BI tool like Tableau or something on top of that. So data warehouse refers to that It's under the covers, and you know what, you might get people giving you slightly different answers to this, but this is a reasonable answer, and it's my answer. Under the covers, it's a relational database with that star schema version of your enterprises data in one place
It's under the covers, and you know what, you might get people giving you slightly different answers to this, but this is a reasonable answer, and it's my answer. Under the covers, it's a relational database with that star schema version of your enterprises data in one place Data Lake is originally with Hadoop, it was an HDFS cluster, which was a distributed file system technology
Data Lake is originally with Hadoop, it was an HDFS cluster, which was a distributed file system technology These days, there's probably a bunch of stuff in S3, or Azure Blob Store, or you know, you blob, cloud blob store of your choice, but it's just a bunch of stuff that you dump into that stump of storage, and you don't do a lot of transforming before you put it there
These days, there's probably a bunch of stuff in S3, or Azure Blob Store, or you know, you blob, cloud blob store of your choice, but it's just a bunch of stuff that you dump into that stump of storage, and you don't do a lot of transforming before you put it there So in the data warehouse, you had this very specialized, carefully thought out process of transforming the transactional schemas in everybody's departmental transactional database into the analytical schema
So in the data warehouse, you had this very specialized, carefully thought out process of transforming the transactional schemas in everybody's departmental transactional database into the analytical schema I said star schema before, you might hear the term snowflake schema into this fact dimension pattern, that again, it's this specialty of doing that transformation, and you're very carefully making that schema translation, writing code to do that into the data warehouse, in the data lake, you just say, nope, here's the transaction, and there you go into a parquet file, or whatever, you just kind of dump the thing into the lake, and worry about transforming the schema later on if you have to
I said star schema before, you might hear the term snowflake schema into this fact dimension pattern, that again, it's this specialty of doing that transformation, and you're very carefully making that schema translation, writing code to do that into the data warehouse, in the data lake, you just say, nope, here's the transaction, and there you go into a parquet file, or whatever, you just kind of dump the thing into the lake, and worry about transforming the schema later on if you have to That's the difference between ETL extract, transform load, and ELT extract load transform
That's the difference between ETL extract, transform load, and ELT extract load transform I think that distinction is a much less revolutionary one than some people have argued, but that's the difference between a warehouse and a data lake, with data lake, you just dump stuff in, you figure out later
I think that distinction is a much less revolutionary one than some people have argued, but that's the difference between a warehouse and a data lake, with data lake, you just dump stuff in, you figure out later That totally went over my head, but I'm gonna come back to it, and I know I can refer back to it
That totally went over my head, but I'm gonna come back to it, and I know I can refer back to it And this was very eye-opening and connecting a lot of the dots, I will say next week, because you said that we'll have to refer to some of it with Kafka, and maybe you can answer this really quick, because I've asked a lot of people this, is it Kafka or Kafka
And this was very eye-opening and connecting a lot of the dots, I will say next week, because you said that we'll have to refer to some of it with Kafka, and maybe you can answer this really quick, because I've asked a lot of people this, is it Kafka or Kafka Well, it depends on the accent with which you speak English, and I'm gonna say for your accent, which is the same as mine, you are an American speaking standard, spoken American English Kafka
Well, it depends on the accent with which you speak English, and I'm gonna say for your accent, which is the same as mine, you are an American speaking standard, spoken American English Kafka If you're basically anywhere else in the Anglesphere, well, no, if you're like an Aussie or Kiwi or Brit, they tend to say Kafka, and it sounds perfectly natural, but for us here in the States, it's Kafka. I actually made a whole video and I was a confluent
If you're basically anywhere else in the Anglesphere, well, no, if you're like an Aussie or Kiwi or Brit, they tend to say Kafka, and it sounds perfectly natural, but for us here in the States, it's Kafka. I actually made a whole video and I was a confluent It was only internal, but there were these three, because some people said confluent, like people from the Midwest in the Great Lakes area, they said confluent, and then in the company was confluent. And so I made this enablement video that said Kafka, confluent, anyway
It was only internal, but there were these three, because some people said confluent, like people from the Midwest in the Great Lakes area, they said confluent, and then in the company was confluent. And so I made this enablement video that said Kafka, confluent, anyway Well, I'm gonna probably end up going back and forth, because almost the majority of my colleagues are European. So I think I hear Kafka or I don't know, now I need to figure out how to write that down, but that aside, I really like... I mean, give them that. They get to say how they want
Well, I'm gonna probably end up going back and forth, because almost the majority of my colleagues are European. So I think I hear Kafka or I don't know, now I need to figure out how to write that down, but that aside, I really like... I mean, give them that. They get to say how they want Yeah, yeah. I like how we talked about going from mainframe to client server to event driven, to real-time analytics
Yeah, yeah. I like how we talked about going from mainframe to client server to event driven, to real-time analytics Next week, something that I think would be really helpful, probably already on the plan is understanding event driven a bit more, like what's in events, because like it makes sense, but not enough, that I think that would be really helpful to build on, because the rest of it really made breaking this down so much easier and understanding it
Next week, something that I think would be really helpful, probably already on the plan is understanding event driven a bit more, like what's in events, because like it makes sense, but not enough, that I think that would be really helpful to build on, because the rest of it really made breaking this down so much easier and understanding it So that's definitely something to look into next week. And y'all, next Wednesday, same time, same place. So come join us next Wednesday. Make sure you follow, so that way. And Ryan, thank you for pinning Tim's Twitter account. I appreciate it. And learner, thanks for staying awake
So that's definitely something to look into next week. And y'all, next Wednesday, same time, same place. So come join us next Wednesday. Make sure you follow, so that way. And Ryan, thank you for pinning Tim's Twitter account. I appreciate it. And learner, thanks for staying awake And learner is, I believe in India. So it's like... Oh, like 130 in the morning. Yeah. Have a good night. Keep learning. Oh geez. Thank you, Francesco, for joining today. And yes, everyone, let me see who we should raid to. Oh, Josh is streaming
And learner is, I believe in India. So it's like... Oh, like 130 in the morning. Yeah. Have a good night. Keep learning. Oh geez. Thank you, Francesco, for joining today. And yes, everyone, let me see who we should raid to. Oh, Josh is streaming We're gonna go to Josh, because it's always fun to raid to Josh. So y'all are going over there soon and come back next week. And you do, because Rady noise takes forever. And I like to make funny noises and looks when I'm waiting. There we go. And...
We're gonna go to Josh, because it's always fun to raid to Josh. So y'all are going over there soon and come back next week. And you do, because Rady noise takes forever. And I like to make funny noises and looks when I'm waiting. There we go. And...