to another episode of Teach, Gen Tech with my internet big brother, Anthony. Hi. Hello. What's up? Having to be here. I shaved this time. So it's like a hobo on the Docker. Docker episode. Well, good, good, good for you What if you've been up too lately? Who are you? Because I know you, but everybody else doesn't know you. Yeah. So I am a developer advocate at EGEO, which is a deployment platform. I say it's like a combination of Netlify and Cloud Flare. We have the power of Cloud Flare with the DX of Netlify
What if you've been up too lately? Who are you? Because I know you, but everybody else doesn't know you. Yeah. So I am a developer advocate at EGEO, which is a deployment platform. I say it's like a combination of Netlify and Cloud Flare. We have the power of Cloud Flare with the DX of Netlify So I like to say. And yeah, I have been on the stream. And it's been my fifth time. If you count that one time, we tried to install a bunch of stuff, but didn't. There was the first cell episode that set up your CLI episode, the rebegeur development episode and then the Docker episodes
So I like to say. And yeah, I have been on the stream. And it's been my fifth time. If you count that one time, we tried to install a bunch of stuff, but didn't. There was the first cell episode that set up your CLI episode, the rebegeur development episode and then the Docker episodes Now we got five in the can. Yeah. Yeah, that sounds about right. That does sound about I feel like we need to plan for July 5th. Like, yeah, we streamed a year ago today, but I'm like at the same time. I'm like, yeah, I do. You do a lot of party of our own stream
Now we got five in the can. Yeah. Yeah, that sounds about right. That does sound about I feel like we need to plan for July 5th. Like, yeah, we streamed a year ago today, but I'm like at the same time. I'm like, yeah, I do. You do a lot of party of our own stream Oh, it just sounds so cringy to think about like what? You'll see how far you've come in a year. Like way farther than most people. Oh, geez. That's because I have people like you and Jacob that go, yeah, you could do better. Plenty of them too
Oh, it just sounds so cringy to think about like what? You'll see how far you've come in a year. Like way farther than most people. Oh, geez. That's because I have people like you and Jacob that go, yeah, you could do better. Plenty of them too Plenty of them too. Good to have people who can help you, you know, accelerate. It is. It is. And you all have. And I appreciate it. Okay. So what are we learning about today? Yeah. I'm not sure how this came up, but we were talking on a very recent stream about transcriptions
Plenty of them too. Good to have people who can help you, you know, accelerate. It is. It is. And you all have. And I appreciate it. Okay. So what are we learning about today? Yeah. I'm not sure how this came up, but we were talking on a very recent stream about transcriptions And I'd mentioned that I've been playing around with open AI's whisper model. And this is like a tiny sliver of a much larger story that's happening right now with AI. So we can kind of zoom in at a couple of different levels here
And I'd mentioned that I've been playing around with open AI's whisper model. And this is like a tiny sliver of a much larger story that's happening right now with AI. So we can kind of zoom in at a couple of different levels here The main thing is that there's this company called open AI, which most people know of now because of chat GPT, which is this chatbot that is smarter than any of your college professors. This is a very strange experience to talk to a robot. It's so freegherly intelligent
The main thing is that there's this company called open AI, which most people know of now because of chat GPT, which is this chatbot that is smarter than any of your college professors. This is a very strange experience to talk to a robot. It's so freegherly intelligent It makes stuff up every now and then. And that's kind of what I was going to say. It might lie to you. It might lie to you. But it is. Never lied to you. Yeah, but you at least can blame them and get away with it. In chat GPT not so much. Well, I mean, so I look at this way
It makes stuff up every now and then. And that's kind of what I was going to say. It might lie to you. It might lie to you. But it is. Never lied to you. Yeah, but you at least can blame them and get away with it. In chat GPT not so much. Well, I mean, so I look at this way Chat GPT guaranteed will lie to somewhere between. I would say like one and 10% of the time, depending on what you're doing and what you're kind of asking. Some people will lie to you 100% at the time though. This is true. This is true
Chat GPT guaranteed will lie to somewhere between. I would say like one and 10% of the time, depending on what you're doing and what you're kind of asking. Some people will lie to you 100% at the time though. This is true. This is true This is true. And for y'all that aren't aware or never used the chat GPT, I like to say the chat because I apparently it's a millennial thing and I'm just going to embrace it. The yeah, I had the lots of things, but I call it me. It's got called home GPT home GPT. This is the home
This is true. And for y'all that aren't aware or never used the chat GPT, I like to say the chat because I apparently it's a millennial thing and I'm just going to embrace it. The yeah, I had the lots of things, but I call it me. It's got called home GPT home GPT. This is the home This is the home. It does all our work for us. All right. So we can ask it. Oh, I know what you're switched to GPT for. Oh, yes. So if you want to go check this out, I'm actually paying for my chat GPT because I'm needy and I need responses right away
This is the home. It does all our work for us. All right. So we can ask it. Oh, I know what you're switched to GPT for. Oh, yes. So if you want to go check this out, I'm actually paying for my chat GPT because I'm needy and I need responses right away So and GPT for gives significantly better answers like it actually does make a difference. I what I wanted to ask it, what is AI? It's given me a very long answer. So I'm going to say explain in one sentence. What I like to say is I say write that again, but make it half as long
So and GPT for gives significantly better answers like it actually does make a difference. I what I wanted to ask it, what is AI? It's given me a very long answer. So I'm going to say explain in one sentence. What I like to say is I say write that again, but make it half as long That's one thing I do. We explain one sentence is good too though. This is how you can tell you've been using this thing for a while because a lot of people don't understand that when you get a response from chat GPT, you can ask it to make the response better
That's one thing I do. We explain one sentence is good too though. This is how you can tell you've been using this thing for a while because a lot of people don't understand that when you get a response from chat GPT, you can ask it to make the response better So people just ask it and then get a response back. And like this response kind of sucks. Chat GPT sucks. I'm never going to use this thing again. And it's like, you gotta work with it. It's just like a conversation
So people just ask it and then get a response back. And like this response kind of sucks. Chat GPT sucks. I'm never going to use this thing again. And it's like, you gotta work with it. It's just like a conversation If Anthony is not going to tell me the answer, I have to ask seven different ways to be like, tell me the day I'm answer. Just kidding
If Anthony is not going to tell me the answer, I have to ask seven different ways to be like, tell me the day I'm answer. Just kidding Just kidding. But artificial intelligence AI is a field of computer science dedicated to creating machines that mimic human intelligence such as problem solving, learning and language understanding. Yeah, that's pretty good
Just kidding. But artificial intelligence AI is a field of computer science dedicated to creating machines that mimic human intelligence such as problem solving, learning and language understanding. Yeah, that's pretty good And that's not like, and the important thing here is that if you were to look up, like if you were to Google define AI or give you a dictionary definition, and that would not be this exact wording
And that's not like, and the important thing here is that if you were to look up, like if you were to Google define AI or give you a dictionary definition, and that would not be this exact wording This is not, it didn't go to a dictionary and look up a definition and then hand you the definition or written in a dictionary. It actually wrote its own definition to define it. Yes. And the Google answer is, AI is artificial intelligence. Yeah
This is not, it didn't go to a dictionary and look up a definition and then hand you the definition or written in a dictionary. It actually wrote its own definition to define it. Yes. And the Google answer is, AI is artificial intelligence. Yeah Yeah. So this shows actually how chat GPT understood you were asking for a definition of AI, not what it's an acronym for and Google did not. So this shows right now how on the first response, you got a more complete and comprehensive answer from chat GPT than you did from Google
Yeah. So this shows actually how chat GPT understood you were asking for a definition of AI, not what it's an acronym for and Google did not. So this shows right now how on the first response, you got a more complete and comprehensive answer from chat GPT than you did from Google Now this one's going to be interesting because this might be too new. Yeah, it's too new. It's too new. So this is the perennial problem with chat GPT that you can't ask it questions about things invented after September 2021. It's annoying. Very frustrating
Now this one's going to be interesting because this might be too new. Yeah, it's too new. It's too new. So this is the perennial problem with chat GPT that you can't ask it questions about things invented after September 2021. It's annoying. Very frustrating Very frustrating. But something you could do instead is you could take the blog post about whisper AI, copy paste it and say summarize this article and then it would write you a summary of what whisper AI is by being prompted with the blog article. You need to say it right now
Very frustrating. But something you could do instead is you could take the blog post about whisper AI, copy paste it and say summarize this article and then it would write you a summary of what whisper AI is by being prompted with the blog article. You need to say it right now If it's not too many characters. Yes, it could take a lot. It could take I think up to like at least a thousand words. So 4,000 characters. I may or may not have messed with this a bit too much to know that. I summarize articles every single week for my newsletter using chat GPT
If it's not too many characters. Yes, it could take a lot. It could take I think up to like at least a thousand words. So 4,000 characters. I may or may not have messed with this a bit too much to know that. I summarize articles every single week for my newsletter using chat GPT If you read JavaScript Jam.com, there's always a story of the week that's usually 90% written by chat GPT. I like it. I like it. I use chat GPT a lot for ways to start things
If you read JavaScript Jam.com, there's always a story of the week that's usually 90% written by chat GPT. I like it. I like it. I use chat GPT a lot for ways to start things And if you check out the video I did with Josh Goldberg a while back, we took a look on how to create talk talk information, which I need to go work on later. But yeah, there's all sorts of lots of little things it can do
And if you check out the video I did with Josh Goldberg a while back, we took a look on how to create talk talk information, which I need to go work on later. But yeah, there's all sorts of lots of little things it can do I mean, there's I feel like people get really hung up on what you can't do with it. And like really harbours limitations. And like it's important to know what those are. Once you know those are you avoid those or mitigate those and find the things it actually can do
I mean, there's I feel like people get really hung up on what you can't do with it. And like really harbours limitations. And like it's important to know what those are. Once you know those are you avoid those or mitigate those and find the things it actually can do Because the things it can do is actually quite striking if you kind of get into it. You think about the sum total every little task you do in your day to day. You know, so I think I say like pay attention to what AI can do more than what it can do after you learn what it can't do
Because the things it can do is actually quite striking if you kind of get into it. You think about the sum total every little task you do in your day to day. You know, so I think I say like pay attention to what AI can do more than what it can do after you learn what it can't do That's really all you need to know. Just move on. Understand that the models will get better and things it can't do now. It may be able to do the future. But you shouldn't worry about that. You should worry about what it can do today. But Anthony. Yes
That's really all you need to know. Just move on. Understand that the models will get better and things it can't do now. It may be able to do the future. But you shouldn't worry about that. You should worry about what it can do today. But Anthony. Yes But Anthony. Yes. Won't AI take our jobs? I mean, some people this is a packed phrase by an app, but people say, AI won't take your job. A person with AI might though. Isn't it going to like become and take over the world and make it really scary to live here? This is a great question actually
But Anthony. Yes. Won't AI take our jobs? I mean, some people this is a packed phrase by an app, but people say, AI won't take your job. A person with AI might though. Isn't it going to like become and take over the world and make it really scary to live here? This is a great question actually This is what got me into AI back in 2015 is what's called the AI safety problem, which is will AI is called the AI safety problem or the alignment problem. There's a couple different terms for it basically will AI once it's smarter than humans decide to kill us all or create a utopia
This is what got me into AI back in 2015 is what's called the AI safety problem, which is will AI is called the AI safety problem or the alignment problem. There's a couple different terms for it basically will AI once it's smarter than humans decide to kill us all or create a utopia Because it has to do one or the other for some reason. That has to do with math that they won't explain to you. And what up, Brian? And Laura. Hello, Laura. Hello, Ryan. Only one or the other. Not, you know
Because it has to do one or the other for some reason. That has to do with math that they won't explain to you. And what up, Brian? And Laura. Hello, Laura. Hello, Ryan. Only one or the other. Not, you know And I'm being ironic there because the there's this term called the singularity and the idea with the singularity is that once you build something smarter than yourself, by definition, you're unable to predict the future because you can't know what it's going to do with it's smarter than you because you don't actually have the ability to understand its mental model
And I'm being ironic there because the there's this term called the singularity and the idea with the singularity is that once you build something smarter than yourself, by definition, you're unable to predict the future because you can't know what it's going to do with it's smarter than you because you don't actually have the ability to understand its mental model So, um, what's this term of like understanding that other people have like independent consciousness from you. There's this this is theory of mind like that we can't have a theory of mind about a thing that is smarter than us because by definition, it's beyond us
So, um, what's this term of like understanding that other people have like independent consciousness from you. There's this this is theory of mind like that we can't have a theory of mind about a thing that is smarter than us because by definition, it's beyond us So by that definition, we can't say whether it's going to kill us all or that's going to build utopia definitively one or the other or that might do something totally in the middle or it might just decide to leave like that's what happens in her if you're ever seen that movie
So by that definition, we can't say whether it's going to kill us all or that's going to build utopia definitively one or the other or that might do something totally in the middle or it might just decide to leave like that's what happens in her if you're ever seen that movie So the the people who worry about this worry because the fact that we cannot by definition predict what's going to happen we can't say for sure that it won't kill us all
So the the people who worry about this worry because the fact that we cannot by definition predict what's going to happen we can't say for sure that it won't kill us all So it might decide to kill us all and we won't be able to prove that it won't but it doesn't mean it guaranteed will kill us all. It just means it might so that's why people are kind of super worried about it. Laura you gave me my first I had to approve your message that was fun
So it might decide to kill us all and we won't be able to prove that it won't but it doesn't mean it guaranteed will kill us all. It just means it might so that's why people are kind of super worried about it. Laura you gave me my first I had to approve your message that was fun Yeah yeah and that is the downfall of AI is it could make a lot of systemic issues that we already have worse
Yeah yeah and that is the downfall of AI is it could make a lot of systemic issues that we already have worse Yeah and this is a good point from Laura is that part of the alignment problem isn't necessarily a lion so it doesn't kill us all it's a line with actual good morals and ethics and actually understand how to treat humans fairly and it's hard to actually define that mathematically and like in a guaranteed way so that's why these models have to constantly be watched and double checked by humans and corrected it slowly made less and less racist
Yeah and this is a good point from Laura is that part of the alignment problem isn't necessarily a lion so it doesn't kill us all it's a line with actual good morals and ethics and actually understand how to treat humans fairly and it's hard to actually define that mathematically and like in a guaranteed way so that's why these models have to constantly be watched and double checked by humans and corrected it slowly made less and less racist So yeah yeah and yes Laura I know because we already have our what is it called when the face detection there we go and those type of things there are a lot of things in technology already that is not just AI that already has racist issues and so with whisper explain whisper
So yeah yeah and yes Laura I know because we already have our what is it called when the face detection there we go and those type of things there are a lot of things in technology already that is not just AI that already has racist issues and so with whisper explain whisper Yeah so whisper is a transcription model so a lot of the the current issues we're talking about aren't really that pressing here because you have to worry about it hallucinating something and you have to worry about using it to decide what's how how long someone presents sentence is going to be like those are the things where all these societal issues start to come in this is you give it text and outputs you give it audio and outputs text from that audio so there is some issues in the sense that is going to be better at English than other languages because it's trained overall on English data and certain types of voices so I shouldn't say that that doesn't entirely come into play here I'm saying that's a different set different set of issues out that these things are always going to come into play but for what you're doing you're someone who is recording audio with nice microphones for the most part and you speak English and you are someone who will be able to benefit from this technology and luckily so that's an example where you are going to be kind of on the cutting edge here in terms of understanding what you can do with these models this isn't necessarily to say you can't do really nice transcription with the current tech but you have to pay for it usually like if you're using someone like de-script like de-script is expensive so if you want people transcribe a lot of audio and have it be very accurate and very fast you usually have to pay a bunch of money or I'm going to show you I'm going to show you how to do this entirely with open source models I'm looking forward to it and this is also what's got us to where we're at is for those who've been hanging out for a minute know that I've been working on getting my website back up and running and automating some shit because I can't do it as a one person show and so that's where the transcript came in and also we may be working on this a little bit later in the street if we have time we'll find out okay so so we should not talk about anything else until we start running a command because this command I think is going to take at least five minutes if not longer so we should run this and then while it's running in the background continue on with our conversation because part of what I'm showing you here is that there's going to be a way to do this in Python and a way to do this in C++ and the way to do it in C++ is a little more complicated but that's because it's going to be way faster it's going to take like 10 seconds to set a five minutes to transcribe a minute of audio okay I'm glad Laura is around because she's like the Python queen yeah we're doing Python today I learned how to install something with Python specifically to do this okay okay so I will share my screen and let me share this gist throw this up on the screen just very quickly yeah I'm going to the one that is not because if I try to copy and paste it it doesn't want to but if I do it there it will there we go great so if you scroll down a little bit we've already done some of these steps so keep going down to where the commands start we've done all of this except this bottom yeah so you installed FFMPEG that's a tool that's going to allow us to convert if you have because for the whisper model it needs to be in wave format so you need something a tool that can get burnt things from like MP3s to waves or whatever kind of file you have so that's why I'm giving you FFMPEG here and then with Python we installed the open AI whisper so let's go up to the very the very first section and the third command here this one yeah so with this there's and you see I have a comment written there that's because there's a couple different sized models here there's like the tiny base small medium large and then large v2 basically the larger the model is the more accurate it is the longer it takes to transcribe so I don't want to sacrifice any quality of transcription because it already is not going to be 100% accurate so I wanted to be as close to 100% accurate as possible so I'm always going to go with the largest possible model they can give me that's the most accurate the problem is that means it would take me like four hours to transcribe like an hour long podcast I actually even longer than that probably five or six or seven hours so it is frustrating from that respect now I gave you that gave you a one minute audio clip do you have that on your computer yes yes so you're going to have to run that command in whatever whatever directory has that file give me a second because I'm going to move the file actually yeah I would just drop it pop it right in your code folder if that's where you're currently your terminal is right now that is yay yeah I can see this as code on your but should I put it in code well yeah because it does show there okay cool let's actually let's let's do this let's make a directory called whisper in your code folder and then let's do everything in there okay because there's the whisper dot cpp in yeah show you guys you guys can see my my folder structure so we'll do a new folder and call it AI whisper whisper we're doing it that way since there's a whisper one already in there yeah cool and copy this after I go into that folder so not that command so I'm going to just folder do do go into this folder but the command you copy is not the right the right command so scroll up so I want so this is so that's all the the whisper ccp cpp so first I want to show the python one oh okay yeah exactly yeah so grab that python command so you've already done that you already did brew ffm pegging you already did the pip install I believe so you can skip those ones so you're grabbing exactly yeah and then just delete that stuff after the the hash time you heard I don't like it because I had all this stuff in there yeah yeah so let's see that should fulfill work no okay so run the command right above it again and make sure you actually installed it okay and now try the other one again just bump up you just go up on your keyboard in the terminal yeah I thought I was clicked in the terminal I wasn't yeah okay so you have an issue with your python python come on we can be friends so I would have no idea how to fix this so I would copy paste how air into chat gbt and ask it to fix it unless Laura knows what to do because it looks like you it's time to do with your version of python it's saying this is example on purpose it says you all live three version two always supports open ssl 1
Yeah so whisper is a transcription model so a lot of the the current issues we're talking about aren't really that pressing here because you have to worry about it hallucinating something and you have to worry about using it to decide what's how how long someone presents sentence is going to be like those are the things where all these societal issues start to come in this is you give it text and outputs you give it audio and outputs text from that audio so there is some issues in the sense that is going to be better at English than other languages because it's trained overall on English data and certain types of voices so I shouldn't say that that doesn't entirely come into play here I'm saying that's a different set different set of issues out that these things are always going to come into play but for what you're doing you're someone who is recording audio with nice microphones for the most part and you speak English and you are someone who will be able to benefit from this technology and luckily so that's an example where you are going to be kind of on the cutting edge here in terms of understanding what you can do with these models this isn't necessarily to say you can't do really nice transcription with the current tech but you have to pay for it usually like if you're using someone like de-script like de-script is expensive so if you want people transcribe a lot of audio and have it be very accurate and very fast you usually have to pay a bunch of money or I'm going to show you I'm going to show you how to do this entirely with open source models I'm looking forward to it and this is also what's got us to where we're at is for those who've been hanging out for a minute know that I've been working on getting my website back up and running and automating some shit because I can't do it as a one person show and so that's where the transcript came in and also we may be working on this a little bit later in the street if we have time we'll find out okay so so we should not talk about anything else until we start running a command because this command I think is going to take at least five minutes if not longer so we should run this and then while it's running in the background continue on with our conversation because part of what I'm showing you here is that there's going to be a way to do this in Python and a way to do this in C++ and the way to do it in C++ is a little more complicated but that's because it's going to be way faster it's going to take like 10 seconds to set a five minutes to transcribe a minute of audio okay I'm glad Laura is around because she's like the Python queen yeah we're doing Python today I learned how to install something with Python specifically to do this okay okay so I will share my screen and let me share this gist throw this up on the screen just very quickly yeah I'm going to the one that is not because if I try to copy and paste it it doesn't want to but if I do it there it will there we go great so if you scroll down a little bit we've already done some of these steps so keep going down to where the commands start we've done all of this except this bottom yeah so you installed FFMPEG that's a tool that's going to allow us to convert if you have because for the whisper model it needs to be in wave format so you need something a tool that can get burnt things from like MP3s to waves or whatever kind of file you have so that's why I'm giving you FFMPEG here and then with Python we installed the open AI whisper so let's go up to the very the very first section and the third command here this one yeah so with this there's and you see I have a comment written there that's because there's a couple different sized models here there's like the tiny base small medium large and then large v2 basically the larger the model is the more accurate it is the longer it takes to transcribe so I don't want to sacrifice any quality of transcription because it already is not going to be 100% accurate so I wanted to be as close to 100% accurate as possible so I'm always going to go with the largest possible model they can give me that's the most accurate the problem is that means it would take me like four hours to transcribe like an hour long podcast I actually even longer than that probably five or six or seven hours so it is frustrating from that respect now I gave you that gave you a one minute audio clip do you have that on your computer yes yes so you're going to have to run that command in whatever whatever directory has that file give me a second because I'm going to move the file actually yeah I would just drop it pop it right in your code folder if that's where you're currently your terminal is right now that is yay yeah I can see this as code on your but should I put it in code well yeah because it does show there okay cool let's actually let's let's do this let's make a directory called whisper in your code folder and then let's do everything in there okay because there's the whisper dot cpp in yeah show you guys you guys can see my my folder structure so we'll do a new folder and call it AI whisper whisper we're doing it that way since there's a whisper one already in there yeah cool and copy this after I go into that folder so not that command so I'm going to just folder do do go into this folder but the command you copy is not the right the right command so scroll up so I want so this is so that's all the the whisper ccp cpp so first I want to show the python one oh okay yeah exactly yeah so grab that python command so you've already done that you already did brew ffm pegging you already did the pip install I believe so you can skip those ones so you're grabbing exactly yeah and then just delete that stuff after the the hash time you heard I don't like it because I had all this stuff in there yeah yeah so let's see that should fulfill work no okay so run the command right above it again and make sure you actually installed it okay and now try the other one again just bump up you just go up on your keyboard in the terminal yeah I thought I was clicked in the terminal I wasn't yeah okay so you have an issue with your python python come on we can be friends so I would have no idea how to fix this so I would copy paste how air into chat gbt and ask it to fix it unless Laura knows what to do because it looks like you it's time to do with your version of python it's saying this is example on purpose it says you all live three version two always supports open ssl 11
11 currently ssl modules compile free ssl yeah well chat gbtc if you can figure out how to fix this you need to you click the plus sign make sure you four to fix this air and what were you saying about the quotes and stuff because I can do a single quote and figures it out okay then that's fine then it's it's so confused but I can do this and it's like happy open up here so you should probably find a environment has been about yeah it's and this is I know this is the issues the questions how to fix it okay that's one thing that's another one okay let's try option one oh yay well hopefully it doesn't end up being you know a 45 minute stream of yay it was quick okay so we are going to do there was another step though no it's that option too no there's two steps there it's not gonna work at least maybe this one it will it is before you run this you can't run this right here hold on or actually maybe you can do it see what happens there it ran then restart this terminal as well just to make sure that takes hold how do you like hyper I like it I can actually see things it's nice okay so let's see CD AI whisper and we're going to do this one no try option two and if it doesn't end up working it's not the end of the world if we can get the C++ one to work because the only thing I wanted to show that this would take five minutes in general oh yeah that might be good and in general the the C++ one is the one you're actually going to want to use so this is more of an example that I wanted to show to show why not to do this so if we can't get to work it's not the end of the world but isn't I'm just gonna try try that one yeah yeah two commands there she should copy each one yeah I don't have pip yeah and this is I don't know python virtual environments and stuff like this that's why the commands I had are like that where they have python three stuff in there so you're still not python conversant enough yet to get a virtual environment so well I had to stop on python to like stick with something and I did this might stick him with typescript let's see what what happens with this yeah we'll find out probably tell me no pip oh yeah this so this is what getting a virtual environment set up so now see if the command actually works well yeah just try running that command again well try installing this you just go all the way back to python three on the line above ah three two okay so let's go back to more time this one hey I didn't get a mirror yeah and yes that's not correct though that's just our transcribing so okay well let's try this I think you're installing python inside a python virtual environment now not entirely sure we'll see well that's fun and then we'll do this and see if it actually don't forget those actually things on the end oh I don't think those actually matter though well I don't like it this is the mirror enter yeah no okay okay so let's let's just do the whisper one then so take so go back to your folders and open up yeah and your finder so grab that mp3 and then drag it into whisper ccpp yep and then open whisper ccp and then drag it into samples specifically yeah if you look at samples right now there's a file called JFK that's that that's example they get but I want to have a cooler teach gen tech example we can transcribe you don't want to do is this the one no it's not the one that you did a funny intro no it's not that probably would have been better but this is this is our first interaction on stream it's cute so now you want to get into the that whisper cpp directory specifically okay so the cd oh whisper the spree and then samples right no so I don't want to do that in the commands so then go back to the gist okay let's uh I feel like we can put these side by side again yeah yeah so grab that whole ffm so we did all all four of those steps should already be done right did you do these already yeah okay great so then do this one and what that oh that's sorry to do that command you need to be in the samples directory so go into samples now yeah exactly so then run that yeah and then pop back out just do cd period period great and then run that big command the next one in the gist and what this is gonna do is get an output a whole bunch of different um formats so hopefully this works not screwed well it'll think about it and hey Chris we might work on some database stuff today too okay so open that up wider real quick oh it's when I couldn't like say no no oh look at how adorable it was yeah and so and you see how this is taking that took like less than a minute you know if we done a pie thought we've taken about five minutes so that's that's why I say like if you're transcribing hours and hours of text like you're talking about an hour versus 20 hours of time to do that so you don't need to copy paste this it dumps it no I'm I'm gonna ask I'm it to remove the time codes I'm just gonna say it printed a bunch of it made a bunch of files for you already oh that's cool I still want to know if I can do it now I'm just curious if I can do it I think if it's smart enough to do it it is yeah it's good for these kind of data munching tasks look at that that was so fun so if we actually look at what's out there you will notice it's making one big mistake here which is that thinks Jen is Jen GE and instead of J E N N yeah but what's nice is it does that consistently so you can do a fine in a replace to fix all those at once but then aside from that we see some of these terms here knows what redwood JS is and knows to capitalize redwood JS and knows what react is and knows to capitalize react it got for cell wrong which is kind of interesting but this is almost entirely accurate and if you've ever used transcription like free transcription services in the past especially for technical content usually it's much much worse than this so the first time I use this I was pretty shocked by just how little modification it required if you compare this to something like YouTube automatic captions it's a night and day difference the teach Jen shit but I'm not surprised that I probably said that I said that oh you well you know whoever that's why I asked is this a swear friendly stream first oh well yeah yeah oh my gosh I can't believe it's been it's been 11 months today 11 months oh my gosh that's so fun and I think I'm gonna hit over a hundred episodes I think that's sweet there's bananas okay so if I I'm just curious uh do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do I tried something fun because I ran I ran this beforehand and transcribed the same thing and then I asked chat GVT to summarize it and it wrote this summary if you want to put that on screen look at that so then so this is where it's pretty cool when you start to some of the workflows you can start to create is that once you can take your video and dump a large scale transcription even if there's kind of like some small mistakes in there you can still generate summaries and you can take chunks of it and compress it down to smaller chunks and so it gives you just the ability to create a much larger content farm and ability to put out lots of content based on a single video or podcast if you're just an individual by yourself because there's like some podcasts with like whole teams of people that are going through podcasts and like taking clips and like transcribing it and then writing little little creating little short videos or creating TikToks and so there's like there's so much stuff you can do with audio content or streaming content that just horse time and this really can allow you to take huge chunks of this content and create lots and lots of different smaller pieces of content off of it I am gonna go test again do do do but it probably doesn't like spaces so I'm not gonna do spaces I don't want to delete letters though do do do do do do mother trucker okay we're just gonna it's also we're pulling out though that in this in the summary that I provided it says is getting a fairly small amount of context is actually confused about what we were saying it thinks that when I said you can buy the two it would have been teach gen shit not teach gen tech so it doesn't quite understand that reference but that's probably because it's like trying to parse like us making like humor with each other and robots don't quite understand yeah the jokes yet but they can I can get chat TVT to detect irony which I find to be super fast and I think I was able so so I gave it a phrase where I said I made some comment twitter one so it was like how dare you I have I have this written down exactly in a in a just some somewhere so I said how dare you discredit my unjustified slander and so obviously that's a that's a joke because slander by definition is something that should be discredited because it's slander and so it says when someone says how dare you discredit my unjustified slander it's important to note that the statement can be taken seriously or sarcastically in a serious context for some might genuinely feel offended that you question their false accusation and it's sarcastic or ironic context the person might be admitting that their accusation was baseless acknowledging that you have disproven them so that that was I was just reading chat TVT basically responding to that so I found that really fascinating that it actually is able to detect things like irony and kind of get into like what do people mean by things they say I did I think I did the wrong thing what are you trying to do right now I didn't correct the wave form and it I need to yes yes that is probably true I need to change the file and I forgot to change the file I guess I guess yeah okay get up and do you do and I we only type right here so if I already have it in a way file I don't need to do the first step right correct yeah yeah that the FFM pegs deck step was specifically just for that make sure you got the exact same oh no it's it is the exact same name it's not the right folder right yeah it's not in the samples folder then you have to fix that I will get that what folder did I call yeah this is not the the most DX sweet kind of exists this is like you since we talked about this just kind of random you off the cuff like this is a blog post I'm like 20% complete with so there's a lot more stuff I was gonna do to make this kind of nicer and make it simpler but for now these are just like the raw commands if you want our stand what's going on start playing around with this yourself okay so I I should look how long this stream is how long was the stream that I picked a beat me an hour and a half roughly yes so that could take I'm curious my time but and it looks like you start with no one saying anything for five minutes five minutes okay so let's give you plenty it looks like the the window the window that um or you know how it does account oh yeah what so what what do you what did you feed it one of my videos from like two weeks ago well one of the audio from one of the videos from two weeks ago which one uh sniffles um Jen makes tech uh queries for my database queries for my uh it was myself yeah it was on twitch but I don't know if I ever upload anything to you two we're pointing out you will have noticed when I gave you the example it's us as two people talking and that is represented nowhere in this output so that's kind of an issue and there's already in the in the just I provide there's a whole bunch of other services and other open source libraries and stuff we're not going to look at that are kind of trying to they are hello hello beautifully so it's always weird when you ever say that yeah you'll you'll see you'll start to like visually see things you say all the time when you start transcribing lots of your own texts it's a very surreal experience but oh my god so we're gonna do that for yourself this can be very useful because it's just you talking stream of consciousness so you don't need to worry about being confused about who's saying what and things like that also I never showed you how this was creating a whole bunch of different files so look at it um yeah so we can talk about this briefly I'm an expert on this if someone like Ben Myers ever is on your stream again he can explain these way better than I could there's specific files for things like captioning software or if you want to that's our hacky yeah yeah so that's where stuff like that is and then also give the tune a text file gives it to you in a JSON file there's a whole bunch of different formats I just have it right now set to give you all of them most of them are probably not going to be useful to you it's just depending on what you're doing this for what you want the text to eventually be and then you can kind of figure out which formats you make the most sense for you there's a this gets back into this being new tech that is still getting all the kinks worked out you can't edit all of them at once like this is such a huge issue if you want to fix things in the transfer which you're going to have to do and you want to still be in all these multiple files for us and yet and each of those individual files so people need to take these open source models and actually build services on top before they're it's really going to become like a super duper useful transcription tool but if you're someone who has a much audio like raw audio that you need transcribed and it's just like you just want dumped out like what you're doing right here this is the use case it currently is really really well suited for and we'll give you really high quality results for no money whatsoever so I'm glad you picked this specifically is it proof that I I'm going to talk to myself oh this is when GitHub was down hmm I started streaming and I needed my website and GitHub was down I was like oh wow I guess we're going to work on something else well yeah yeah I don't I mean it's moving right along it's been like four minutes yeah and so that's why I for a while I used to do this just with Python I did like ten or so F
1 currently ssl modules compile free ssl yeah well chat gbtc if you can figure out how to fix this you need to you click the plus sign make sure you four to fix this air and what were you saying about the quotes and stuff because I can do a single quote and figures it out okay then that's fine then it's it's so confused but I can do this and it's like happy open up here so you should probably find a environment has been about yeah it's and this is I know this is the issues the questions how to fix it okay that's one thing that's another one okay let's try option one oh yay well hopefully it doesn't end up being you know a 45 minute stream of yay it was quick okay so we are going to do there was another step though no it's that option too no there's two steps there it's not gonna work at least maybe this one it will it is before you run this you can't run this right here hold on or actually maybe you can do it see what happens there it ran then restart this terminal as well just to make sure that takes hold how do you like hyper I like it I can actually see things it's nice okay so let's see CD AI whisper and we're going to do this one no try option two and if it doesn't end up working it's not the end of the world if we can get the C++ one to work because the only thing I wanted to show that this would take five minutes in general oh yeah that might be good and in general the the C++ one is the one you're actually going to want to use so this is more of an example that I wanted to show to show why not to do this so if we can't get to work it's not the end of the world but isn't I'm just gonna try try that one yeah yeah two commands there she should copy each one yeah I don't have pip yeah and this is I don't know python virtual environments and stuff like this that's why the commands I had are like that where they have python three stuff in there so you're still not python conversant enough yet to get a virtual environment so well I had to stop on python to like stick with something and I did this might stick him with typescript let's see what what happens with this yeah we'll find out probably tell me no pip oh yeah this so this is what getting a virtual environment set up so now see if the command actually works well yeah just try running that command again well try installing this you just go all the way back to python three on the line above ah three two okay so let's go back to more time this one hey I didn't get a mirror yeah and yes that's not correct though that's just our transcribing so okay well let's try this I think you're installing python inside a python virtual environment now not entirely sure we'll see well that's fun and then we'll do this and see if it actually don't forget those actually things on the end oh I don't think those actually matter though well I don't like it this is the mirror enter yeah no okay okay so let's let's just do the whisper one then so take so go back to your folders and open up yeah and your finder so grab that mp3 and then drag it into whisper ccpp yep and then open whisper ccp and then drag it into samples specifically yeah if you look at samples right now there's a file called JFK that's that that's example they get but I want to have a cooler teach gen tech example we can transcribe you don't want to do is this the one no it's not the one that you did a funny intro no it's not that probably would have been better but this is this is our first interaction on stream it's cute so now you want to get into the that whisper cpp directory specifically okay so the cd oh whisper the spree and then samples right no so I don't want to do that in the commands so then go back to the gist okay let's uh I feel like we can put these side by side again yeah yeah so grab that whole ffm so we did all all four of those steps should already be done right did you do these already yeah okay great so then do this one and what that oh that's sorry to do that command you need to be in the samples directory so go into samples now yeah exactly so then run that yeah and then pop back out just do cd period period great and then run that big command the next one in the gist and what this is gonna do is get an output a whole bunch of different um formats so hopefully this works not screwed well it'll think about it and hey Chris we might work on some database stuff today too okay so open that up wider real quick oh it's when I couldn't like say no no oh look at how adorable it was yeah and so and you see how this is taking that took like less than a minute you know if we done a pie thought we've taken about five minutes so that's that's why I say like if you're transcribing hours and hours of text like you're talking about an hour versus 20 hours of time to do that so you don't need to copy paste this it dumps it no I'm I'm gonna ask I'm it to remove the time codes I'm just gonna say it printed a bunch of it made a bunch of files for you already oh that's cool I still want to know if I can do it now I'm just curious if I can do it I think if it's smart enough to do it it is yeah it's good for these kind of data munching tasks look at that that was so fun so if we actually look at what's out there you will notice it's making one big mistake here which is that thinks Jen is Jen GE and instead of J E N N yeah but what's nice is it does that consistently so you can do a fine in a replace to fix all those at once but then aside from that we see some of these terms here knows what redwood JS is and knows to capitalize redwood JS and knows what react is and knows to capitalize react it got for cell wrong which is kind of interesting but this is almost entirely accurate and if you've ever used transcription like free transcription services in the past especially for technical content usually it's much much worse than this so the first time I use this I was pretty shocked by just how little modification it required if you compare this to something like YouTube automatic captions it's a night and day difference the teach Jen shit but I'm not surprised that I probably said that I said that oh you well you know whoever that's why I asked is this a swear friendly stream first oh well yeah yeah oh my gosh I can't believe it's been it's been 11 months today 11 months oh my gosh that's so fun and I think I'm gonna hit over a hundred episodes I think that's sweet there's bananas okay so if I I'm just curious uh do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do I tried something fun because I ran I ran this beforehand and transcribed the same thing and then I asked chat GVT to summarize it and it wrote this summary if you want to put that on screen look at that so then so this is where it's pretty cool when you start to some of the workflows you can start to create is that once you can take your video and dump a large scale transcription even if there's kind of like some small mistakes in there you can still generate summaries and you can take chunks of it and compress it down to smaller chunks and so it gives you just the ability to create a much larger content farm and ability to put out lots of content based on a single video or podcast if you're just an individual by yourself because there's like some podcasts with like whole teams of people that are going through podcasts and like taking clips and like transcribing it and then writing little little creating little short videos or creating TikToks and so there's like there's so much stuff you can do with audio content or streaming content that just horse time and this really can allow you to take huge chunks of this content and create lots and lots of different smaller pieces of content off of it I am gonna go test again do do do but it probably doesn't like spaces so I'm not gonna do spaces I don't want to delete letters though do do do do do do mother trucker okay we're just gonna it's also we're pulling out though that in this in the summary that I provided it says is getting a fairly small amount of context is actually confused about what we were saying it thinks that when I said you can buy the two it would have been teach gen shit not teach gen tech so it doesn't quite understand that reference but that's probably because it's like trying to parse like us making like humor with each other and robots don't quite understand yeah the jokes yet but they can I can get chat TVT to detect irony which I find to be super fast and I think I was able so so I gave it a phrase where I said I made some comment twitter one so it was like how dare you I have I have this written down exactly in a in a just some somewhere so I said how dare you discredit my unjustified slander and so obviously that's a that's a joke because slander by definition is something that should be discredited because it's slander and so it says when someone says how dare you discredit my unjustified slander it's important to note that the statement can be taken seriously or sarcastically in a serious context for some might genuinely feel offended that you question their false accusation and it's sarcastic or ironic context the person might be admitting that their accusation was baseless acknowledging that you have disproven them so that that was I was just reading chat TVT basically responding to that so I found that really fascinating that it actually is able to detect things like irony and kind of get into like what do people mean by things they say I did I think I did the wrong thing what are you trying to do right now I didn't correct the wave form and it I need to yes yes that is probably true I need to change the file and I forgot to change the file I guess I guess yeah okay get up and do you do and I we only type right here so if I already have it in a way file I don't need to do the first step right correct yeah yeah that the FFM pegs deck step was specifically just for that make sure you got the exact same oh no it's it is the exact same name it's not the right folder right yeah it's not in the samples folder then you have to fix that I will get that what folder did I call yeah this is not the the most DX sweet kind of exists this is like you since we talked about this just kind of random you off the cuff like this is a blog post I'm like 20% complete with so there's a lot more stuff I was gonna do to make this kind of nicer and make it simpler but for now these are just like the raw commands if you want our stand what's going on start playing around with this yourself okay so I I should look how long this stream is how long was the stream that I picked a beat me an hour and a half roughly yes so that could take I'm curious my time but and it looks like you start with no one saying anything for five minutes five minutes okay so let's give you plenty it looks like the the window the window that um or you know how it does account oh yeah what so what what do you what did you feed it one of my videos from like two weeks ago well one of the audio from one of the videos from two weeks ago which one uh sniffles um Jen makes tech uh queries for my database queries for my uh it was myself yeah it was on twitch but I don't know if I ever upload anything to you two we're pointing out you will have noticed when I gave you the example it's us as two people talking and that is represented nowhere in this output so that's kind of an issue and there's already in the in the just I provide there's a whole bunch of other services and other open source libraries and stuff we're not going to look at that are kind of trying to they are hello hello beautifully so it's always weird when you ever say that yeah you'll you'll see you'll start to like visually see things you say all the time when you start transcribing lots of your own texts it's a very surreal experience but oh my god so we're gonna do that for yourself this can be very useful because it's just you talking stream of consciousness so you don't need to worry about being confused about who's saying what and things like that also I never showed you how this was creating a whole bunch of different files so look at it um yeah so we can talk about this briefly I'm an expert on this if someone like Ben Myers ever is on your stream again he can explain these way better than I could there's specific files for things like captioning software or if you want to that's our hacky yeah yeah so that's where stuff like that is and then also give the tune a text file gives it to you in a JSON file there's a whole bunch of different formats I just have it right now set to give you all of them most of them are probably not going to be useful to you it's just depending on what you're doing this for what you want the text to eventually be and then you can kind of figure out which formats you make the most sense for you there's a this gets back into this being new tech that is still getting all the kinks worked out you can't edit all of them at once like this is such a huge issue if you want to fix things in the transfer which you're going to have to do and you want to still be in all these multiple files for us and yet and each of those individual files so people need to take these open source models and actually build services on top before they're it's really going to become like a super duper useful transcription tool but if you're someone who has a much audio like raw audio that you need transcribed and it's just like you just want dumped out like what you're doing right here this is the use case it currently is really really well suited for and we'll give you really high quality results for no money whatsoever so I'm glad you picked this specifically is it proof that I I'm going to talk to myself oh this is when GitHub was down hmm I started streaming and I needed my website and GitHub was down I was like oh wow I guess we're going to work on something else well yeah yeah I don't I mean it's moving right along it's been like four minutes yeah and so that's why I for a while I used to do this just with Python I did like ten or so FI.J.I
I.J.IM episodes and I used to just kick it off before I would go to sleep and I would just go to bed come back and then five hours later it would be done so this is why I wanted to show you whisper CPP C++ in particular because it the Python version is really kind of a massive bottleneck unless you want unless you're transcribing very very short clips can you make a gooey for it so let me go look at some of the ones that I have actually in here and see so buzz buzz look kind of nice you can show your screen if you want no let me just shoot this over to you just a link to a site there's nothing interesting to see here interesting and yeah yeah so I haven't used any of these yet so this is why I say this is a blog like this is a blog post I'm like 20% done with so I have a bunch of references here I know that these are things that are using whisper under the hood I have not vetted any of these tools but just if people wall or more these are the ones that I know about if you know of others please share them I'm like very interested in learning more about anything that's currently trying to do this stuff forward I think parrot also does that okay great I don't think I want to go to the app let's do just parodai and as far as I know the script now is using open AI stuff under the hood but again these scripts very expensive so like I'm not a point where I can pay like 20 30 40 dollars a month to do this because I'm not making any money off of my podcasts but I want high quality transcriptions because that's important to me you know yeah I can't y'all I'm blind as a bat since I rearranged my desks stuff so this is parrot dot AI yeah so with parrot I checked it out I liked it it's still also kind of weird like I've had to delete stuff and read at it because love components so if I'm looking at this um are you on the free or paid version technically they're the same at the moment this says there's a personal plan for 30 dollars a month oh do they have pricing on them now yeah oh and this is like this is someone so let's go let's go get a new script sprites I don't know maybe I got in on time don't don't talk them take it away from me I do scripts actually 12 bucks a month for creator 24 for pro yeah see like creator 12 bucks about this 10 hours of audio month like that's that's like I go through that it like a week I know that that's barely anything yeah uh the only problem I've had is I keep saying change all to speaker one and I'll not unclick that and I'm like oh shit oops so let's change this one to yen and speaker two is don't change all the speaker two speaker two is kiss yeah and I should and I should mention that like there's there's dozens of transcription services out there and the links I gave those are ones that are using open and I whisper in particular there's been many transcription services that already assisted and may or may not have adopted these tools under the hood it's really hard to say for a lot of them so like as far as parrot goes like I can't really find any information on what's actually happening in the model and so apparently I am on the free version now there you go yeah so the vast majority of the transcription services you're gonna pay for won't really tell you what they're using under the hood you kind of just have to use them to find out whether good or not yeah so I found that kind of frustrating and this is why I like that now there's an open source tool that we can use and if something's built on that I know there's a baseline of transcription quality I'm going to get from it so I'll be more inclined to want to pay money for service that is building on top of that that's kind of where I'm at right now so yeah it's uh this whole this whole thing is something that happened like researching for like three years now and it's like so frustrating there's like just not really many great tools that that do this is such a huge problem so many people have transcribing podcasts like some of the biggest podcasts in the world don't provide transcripts and it's bad it's annoying and hard to do yeah and okay so it's already half hour in that's pretty good apparently I was talking about Jacob at his Twitter space yeah but you're talking well sorts of things I am talking to myself basically it's fun um okay so I feel like this is pretty cool and we got a solid like figured this shit out we can let this go on in the background yeah and now and now anytime you want to run some transcriptions you now have the ability to do that for free you know got necessarily go out to a service how much utility you're actually going to get out of this will kind of vary depending on what you need these transcriptions for I don't think the stuff is fully baked technology by any stretch of the imagination and if you're someone who is not trying to go really deep and like running these models on your own computer you could probably look towards just paying some money and having them do it for you but for me as someone who has this issue I want to know about what the cutting edge open source stuff can do and how to use it so I found this very useful for me to learn personally but your utility will vary for others yeah I say make friends with smart people to great people they'll just tell you when this stuff happens like for example it instead of following all of these tech influencers I just like follow people that are my friends that follow them that retweet important information you you got a powerful network by now and I told you this was going to happen when you first created this stream and now we're here and you can see the fruits of your labor and I'm very fortunate for that I am very fortunate for that and thank you I have such cool people oh by the way I don't think I've told you this you should look at this hold on hold on let's go to twitch and go to shake up stream never show my twitch home screen on stream I'm not oh your yours is fine I was like I don't I don't even pay attention to them yeah there's some stuff where do you watch oh don't worry about like I don't want to know okay okay look at this look at this hold on what look at us wow and that's uh Chris's wife Sarah she plays with us now and yeah but look I go I look dressed up as my character and it's really fun and she is so that's y'all's like which order are you okay I am so mean wow it's very exciting it's really funny you should watch it sometime I'm gonna share this with all of you not that you really were ever gonna watch it but if you want to it's really cool because I have like the opposite of me as my character it's so fun okay that aside uh okay we should go look my websitey things that I got stuck on I think I still have it here yeah I did not go back and watch the stream so we'll kind of have to talk out what exactly is happening what exactly oh yeah Chris like I got even meaner I got even meaner and still like uh Chris watched last weeks I was like dude you're the opposite oh my god no which which Chris we were right you haven't met this Chris yet this Chris is database Chris which I met at Denver started week it was a lot of fun Hershey is a hee she Chris does not have Twitter Chris why don't you have Twitter I feel like it's you should have Twitter but I have no justification other than everyone should have Twitter now there's no really Twitter Twitter's which you make of it you know it's uh and that we talked about this on my first episode actually I think that you you if you're intentional about Twitter you can be some cool people but like you don't need like a Twitter following unless you're optimizing for that for specific reasons you know like your role there's link it was fun it was a very fun stream taught me a ton about like relational and non-relational oh this is the person I told you ask for your hotgo db is web scale oh yeah well now you two have kind of like introduced yourself Anthony my inner and other brother who also kind of likes to troll my streams and my guests yeah dude there you go um and Chris is like one of my go-to database people because he does how to break it down but also in like a really good way of understanding it with real life things and I think that's been difficult for other people because databases can be difficult to understand like yeah they're highly theoretical but also highly practical because so much of what we do on the internet ultimately lands in a database at the end of the day I think you don't want to database around a lot of databases okay cool so this should be up to date but let me show you guys what I was up to in my last dream this one will and we did talk about code first versus database first I did my databases first so I would understand them um not that it actually needed to be built first but I mean it's like do you build your API before you build your front end it's all it's all the same at the end of the day you arrive at the same thing it will reconnect thank you for reconnecting that's okay yeah I did put you in default uh and go to my date bills wow okay cool okay so I created four tables and they're the format that uh Kristen I talked about of like so that way you know the channel can uh and the show can go into you can you just click on the channel so I can see like what is in there like can you like visualize it in terms like the data that's actually in it can I see it like it's the next sales part of the sheet so that's the point PG admin right like is there data in here already no okay then no that's okay but it only has uh well it does ID a name um and then okay that would be the first thing I would say like if we're no regardless of what we're doing you should have your data some data at least a couple pieces right and I can let me open a new you tad yes i'm broken in your zish RC by the way why why do you say that she looking at the very first line oh well that's new yeah that's because we because you ran that zish RC command earlier yeah i'm like that's a question that's a that's that command i was questionable said this surprise me okay so I can add data in here hey hey because I do have it connected to prisma yay miss studio does is broken though okay so if we wanted to add some data let me go back and look at this like I would at least have an episode in there you know okay add a record we have episode one name the hold on let me not do it this way this cartridge is no um there's yeah so there's there's a couple questions here which is that like we there's you how are you even going to get all this data into this database in the first place well that's what I was trying to do so well go here go here okay so I have data and some sort of structured format unless you want to write a whole bunch of sequel no no hold on yeah okay let me just go put an episode in please stand by yeah i'm still not entirely sure what what your your issue even is such just shut up and let you I was gonna show you when you distracted me but we will do this you will do that the channel if this is id1 this is teach gen tech and then save changes okay and then we are going to do oh no just kidding that wasn't right this is a bad thing about like when you're working on it for so long and then you haven't touched it in a while show add record is one and then okay give me a second I have to remember how I set this up I'm just going to work backwards at a record it's going to be episode one what is the name of the episode it is a JC web dev as it has a hashtag of and funny so I'm sorry but this is okay and it pulls the information from show so like see how we were filling this out it needs to know show id so the show is if I filled that one out at a record it's one honestly if you didn't work for a database company I would tell you not to use a database at all to build this website but this is this is fine because this is going to be a useful thing for you to have to do I know because I would suggest and just what I mean by is that what I would do in this example for the for your website is I would just have a bunch of markdown files every time of a new episode you create a new markdown file with all the information and a link to the YouTube that's all I would do do you do know that I have 70 episodes on the podcast and over almost a hundred on teach land tech that is a lot of data to try to keep track of no I was saying you wouldn't keep trying but I'm saying every time you have a new episode you make a new markdown page and then you just do that every time you make a new episode so if you want to do all of that in one go there's ways you could do that but the point is what I'm saying is that I would want to think of this in terms of pages not in terms of rows and a database now that not to say one is wrong or one is right like there's a good case to be made for for both I'm just saying yeah that's how I would do it so anyway okay so I don't remember exactly how my database is structured that's fine I can figure that out again so what's the idea that's not what I was stuck on I did know this when I was streaming earlier but let's go okay so I have my schema prisma okay this actually makes more sense looking at it this way but I got my schema set up the way that let me actually show you the page itself in mind so last time I was working on this I was able to use the template to get the six blog posts like set up like this is the template cool yay and I got the top of it set up I was very excited we are making progress and so that's the teach John tech version this is the full default version with blog and I was so proud and I have seen these these websites yes yeah and I was so proud I'm like yes I got this figured out I am on the right track until so to follow blog what we just looked at is the blog list this is the blog list yeah okay well let me look at blog content okay it's in content it's using all right I'll figure this out later and then we got a blog summary card and I'm just like so your your question right now is what are astro content collections that's the question you need to ask right now okay that is what is happening right now and this is something where only an astro core team member can truly help you with this because this is an astro specific convention astro created their own thing to manage content this is not something that was built for databases this is like I was built for pulling a content from markdown files this is why my approach would work very well with astro and I have an astro website myself that I already do this with what you need to do is you need to get Ben Holmes and Saban on stream together to explain how the hell you would do this as far as I know I don't know if anyone's actually used astro content collections to pull in stuff from a database it's a very interesting project the fact that you're hitting this issue is quite fascinating both them will be very interested to hear this so I'll say that first off I don't know if I'll be able to make a lot of good progress with you right now on this because there's a there's a there's a knowledge gap here which is that you have a you have a template that's using something called astro content collections and you don't even know what that is so so figure out how to get that to work with an ORM is actually quite a challenging thing to do so you want to get the right people in the room to actually ask the questions of what do you even need to be thinking about to get this to work at the first place so that's what I would kind of recommend and I can make those introductions if you don't know those people is there two good friends of mine so not very hard to get them in a conversation um I'm tweeting them right now and saying we're talking about them and I'm specifically saying that you're saying that they need to be on the show yes say that I would also actually let me let me shoot Ben a question right now the homes dev this idiot has anyone wired up astro content collection with Prisma he'll know exactly what I mean by that um I did Prisma with my other I think I did I feel like I did at some point like you did what I don't know now I have a lot of websites I have to think about this let's go let's go stock my GitHub let's let's do this first go so people understand what I'm talking about here go to google astro content collections because I'm using that term I'm sure most people probably don't even know what that is so let's talk about that first because that's how you're cited so that it's using this content collections this is a way to manage and author content in any astro project and it's to organize your documents validate your front matter so the fact that's validating front matter at all should clue you into why this is made for markdown and provide automatic typescript type safety for all your content so in my website what this does is it would be able to say hey your meta description in your OG tags is too short or too long that's the type of thing it can do it can type it's so it's like so go back to typescript type trip can type check this can type check a markdown file but you're trying to use a database not a markdown file so that's a whole different thing so it would skip this content collection to be able to work with Prisma and go to the database yeah you could query the database directly and just display it on your page but you would be bypassing what your template has already set up because your template is now using content collections right now it's so you could kind of you could trash all that just have a raw astro project and start making database queries and then figure out what to do when you get that data back that's something you can do I don't know if that's advisable or not and this is why these are kind of questions that need to be asked to both astro and Prisma team members kind of in concert with one another I feel like you'll need to be able to be on the show too to like translate what I'm trying to do be like I'm here to translate Jen because it doesn't always make sense I think it's a super interesting question Ben Holmes is like how would you expect that to work it is like which basically means I have no idea what you're talking about please tell him I tweeted that he's uh they're gonna be on the show well that at least makes me feel better that uh okay I'm display this quote I just I just grabbed from Ben so we only support file-based collections of the moe to write to files manual reference so content collections are not made to work with databases which is why you were able to figure it out so you should feel good about that that you're trying to do something impossible so you shouldn't have expected to be able to figure it out but I don't get why it doesn't work like why wouldn't it work why like it's because this is an astro specific convention that was created specifically to work with markdown files that doesn't mean you can't use Prisma and Astro together but that means the template you selected is not designed well to do what you want to do with it that's all I got um well let me ask him now if you know of any astro Prisma examples at all I'll be the next question because so this is what you want to do which I was going to say you are for a database company it makes sense for you to build a ridiculous project just for the sake of your work so you can learn things I do it all the time it's how I learned how I learned the vast majority of things I've learned tagging I've building projects I probably shouldn't have so don't be discouraged by that but what you need is you need a starter that already has astro and Prisma connected in a way that's kind of ergonomic and that isn't using content collections which is good this is these are important things for you to know and understand so we we are making progress right now this doesn't feel like progress this feels like we just want backwards but we're making progress here trust me um I know what I always say is name wrong but I just tagged alien in the tweet as well because this is his theme and I love this theme I don't want to get rid of this thing I like the theme and very attached to this theme let me respond to this you put a whole lot of context in there yes you please please fill them in Chris said if you really want a good bad idea you could write something to pull from your database have it generate a markdown file yeah that's that's what that's exactly what I'm what I'm thinking is the type of starter I'm working for well this uh well this is a great moment to ask kept because I was thinking that it would query everything and put it into a markdown file with the queries um and then could I could I put like where would I put the transcripts because if can the transcripts go into the database and if they're in the database will they actually output correctly with like you know the paragraphs and stuff well so once you've got something in a database that you're going to be querying and displaying you should think about as just like strings of text at the at the end of the day because that's what you're going to be shoving into markdown files or into HTML so you're going to lose a lot of the structure once you start doing that but because you have Prisma you can kind of write your query the way you need to so you can get the data you want this is actually this is like this is where GraphQL would actually be really useful this is partly why Gatsby kind of had this problem solved and did it without needing a database at all really but but again this is just like most people who who create websites like this they don't have a database with all their stuff in it they have like they think about things from the pages level so this is just it's probably it's like a different kind of mental models that you think about like what is what are your database queries like what is going to be the query you're going to write in Prisma that's going to get the data you need and then how do you display that on the page so there's there's a lot of ways to do that and what I would do if I were you I would start so if I were if I were to generate now this is this is what I would do I would first actually get all my data and a database so that I understand what the data is and what I'm actually working with I mean I can't do that I was stuck earlier and that's why I was like oh I need to figure this out first so yeah that's definitely something I can do so that's what I want to do because one several days in the database then I start working with it fair at high I actually want to display it on my page because until it's actually in the database or at least just it's just an example like a dummy example you as long as it's structured correctly in the database because then I would want to query the database and I would want to just grab a JSON blob of each episode and throw that on the page then I would take that JSON blob I would turn into a component that looks the way I wanted to look and then I would iterate over that array to display each component in the way I wanted to look so I need to go back and like look at this in my database that I did set up but the way it set up is so I have the show table which just has like a what show are you doing this on teach didn't tech or shit you don't want to talk about and then we have a channel table which is is this going to YouTube Twitch like where is this from where do I watch the video on demand basically like so also like Spotify Apple Podcast blah blah blah and then the episode would be taking the information from the show and then what is the name of the episode so if this is teach shen tech I would have it would grab the show teach shen tech for show ID the whatever the this idea is and then the name of it would be building a react web app with deploying on v in versatile and then we would take that information and put it with a channel so we know where it's going with the channel so that is the database I set up I just didn't this is my pretty coloring of it didn't know how to explain that without looking at it on my web diagram okay so Ben just gave me a link to an asho starter that uses prisma is a huge issue though which is that's using mago db which is not a relational database so your whole database deal becomes a relevant as soon as you use it so this was Chris's episode sequel versus non sequel right yeah so you're working with a sequel database right now she got relations with stuff so the star he just gave me doesn't actually get us entirely toward we want to go but we could just rip out the schema entirely and replace it with your schema and that might kind of work after some effort I feel like you should just like put them in a group chat and be like look let's do this really cool lab on doing this because Jen needs to learn how to use postgres and this is work with asgro and prisma I mean I've wanted asho to have nice full stack examples if we used redwood it actually make everything a lot simpler if I was there but that's the only because I know how redwood would fit into this whole equation most people would say that would make it more complicated but um I was like I barely know I'm just giving you a solution here you tell you believe it I mean the solution would be like I really could be like hey does somebody want to build my website for me I'd really appreciate it that could be really cool and then it would magically be done but that's not gonna help and I don't want to learn bed wood on top of all of this although I will say it finally dawned on me that redwood came out of San Francisco kind of it was built by a dude from south africa or lin uh actually but really yeah but isn't it like mainly you then why is it called redwood because I was thinking because that's correct that's because so there's there's two people there's tom there's peter tom's the figurehead he's the guy who lived in marine and has these redwood trees like in his backyard he built it with peter peter wrote most of the code peter is the south africa and who lived in berlin they worked together on app called chatterbug which was a language learning platform that was using ruby on rails as a backend graph QL API to a react front end and they realized that this was so painful that they needed to build an entire framework to make a nicer experience so then they spent five years of building redwood and they named it redwood because the first name chain saw was too violent the second name hammer was already taken and the third name had to fit with the explanation tom already wrote for hammer okay okay I'm still going like that San Francisco Ben is saying that there's a remix example you should use and translate remix to astro I don't know if that's a good idea for you to do because you don't know how to use remix yet so that's so can you just tell him I really really want him can you please just tell him I really want him to come on my stream with whiteboards like any more whitewoods in my life because I assume you're on stream right now I saw the sos on Twitter yeah we're not going to figure this out right now but that she wants you on the stream yep that's a good way of saying it that is a good way of saying it yeah yeah it would be fun but hey I figured out how to make whisper do its thing and it's done oh it tells you the total time hmm is the encode time or the decode time it's full time it takes to do it okay so same as asking where the database needs here so I'm gonna say you have a database with episodes of a show it's a relational database I'm gonna take a screenshot of my pretty thing and just be like like it's not gonna make any sense very excited about this oh here we go charisma and plan scale and ash show this is this is what you need this is the blog post is one of the things where there's probably only one person out there in the world which I could create content for this specific problem you have but this looks like the person yay what up us what time is it there but like I feel like it's probably like the middle of the night and I haven't looked at that yet I am very concentrated on resizing stuff on my mirror board okay Okay
M episodes and I used to just kick it off before I would go to sleep and I would just go to bed come back and then five hours later it would be done so this is why I wanted to show you whisper CPP C++ in particular because it the Python version is really kind of a massive bottleneck unless you want unless you're transcribing very very short clips can you make a gooey for it so let me go look at some of the ones that I have actually in here and see so buzz buzz look kind of nice you can show your screen if you want no let me just shoot this over to you just a link to a site there's nothing interesting to see here interesting and yeah yeah so I haven't used any of these yet so this is why I say this is a blog like this is a blog post I'm like 20% done with so I have a bunch of references here I know that these are things that are using whisper under the hood I have not vetted any of these tools but just if people wall or more these are the ones that I know about if you know of others please share them I'm like very interested in learning more about anything that's currently trying to do this stuff forward I think parrot also does that okay great I don't think I want to go to the app let's do just parodai and as far as I know the script now is using open AI stuff under the hood but again these scripts very expensive so like I'm not a point where I can pay like 20 30 40 dollars a month to do this because I'm not making any money off of my podcasts but I want high quality transcriptions because that's important to me you know yeah I can't y'all I'm blind as a bat since I rearranged my desks stuff so this is parrot dot AI yeah so with parrot I checked it out I liked it it's still also kind of weird like I've had to delete stuff and read at it because love components so if I'm looking at this um are you on the free or paid version technically they're the same at the moment this says there's a personal plan for 30 dollars a month oh do they have pricing on them now yeah oh and this is like this is someone so let's go let's go get a new script sprites I don't know maybe I got in on time don't don't talk them take it away from me I do scripts actually 12 bucks a month for creator 24 for pro yeah see like creator 12 bucks about this 10 hours of audio month like that's that's like I go through that it like a week I know that that's barely anything yeah uh the only problem I've had is I keep saying change all to speaker one and I'll not unclick that and I'm like oh shit oops so let's change this one to yen and speaker two is don't change all the speaker two speaker two is kiss yeah and I should and I should mention that like there's there's dozens of transcription services out there and the links I gave those are ones that are using open and I whisper in particular there's been many transcription services that already assisted and may or may not have adopted these tools under the hood it's really hard to say for a lot of them so like as far as parrot goes like I can't really find any information on what's actually happening in the model and so apparently I am on the free version now there you go yeah so the vast majority of the transcription services you're gonna pay for won't really tell you what they're using under the hood you kind of just have to use them to find out whether good or not yeah so I found that kind of frustrating and this is why I like that now there's an open source tool that we can use and if something's built on that I know there's a baseline of transcription quality I'm going to get from it so I'll be more inclined to want to pay money for service that is building on top of that that's kind of where I'm at right now so yeah it's uh this whole this whole thing is something that happened like researching for like three years now and it's like so frustrating there's like just not really many great tools that that do this is such a huge problem so many people have transcribing podcasts like some of the biggest podcasts in the world don't provide transcripts and it's bad it's annoying and hard to do yeah and okay so it's already half hour in that's pretty good apparently I was talking about Jacob at his Twitter space yeah but you're talking well sorts of things I am talking to myself basically it's fun um okay so I feel like this is pretty cool and we got a solid like figured this shit out we can let this go on in the background yeah and now and now anytime you want to run some transcriptions you now have the ability to do that for free you know got necessarily go out to a service how much utility you're actually going to get out of this will kind of vary depending on what you need these transcriptions for I don't think the stuff is fully baked technology by any stretch of the imagination and if you're someone who is not trying to go really deep and like running these models on your own computer you could probably look towards just paying some money and having them do it for you but for me as someone who has this issue I want to know about what the cutting edge open source stuff can do and how to use it so I found this very useful for me to learn personally but your utility will vary for others yeah I say make friends with smart people to great people they'll just tell you when this stuff happens like for example it instead of following all of these tech influencers I just like follow people that are my friends that follow them that retweet important information you you got a powerful network by now and I told you this was going to happen when you first created this stream and now we're here and you can see the fruits of your labor and I'm very fortunate for that I am very fortunate for that and thank you I have such cool people oh by the way I don't think I've told you this you should look at this hold on hold on let's go to twitch and go to shake up stream never show my twitch home screen on stream I'm not oh your yours is fine I was like I don't I don't even pay attention to them yeah there's some stuff where do you watch oh don't worry about like I don't want to know okay okay look at this look at this hold on what look at us wow and that's uh Chris's wife Sarah she plays with us now and yeah but look I go I look dressed up as my character and it's really fun and she is so that's y'all's like which order are you okay I am so mean wow it's very exciting it's really funny you should watch it sometime I'm gonna share this with all of you not that you really were ever gonna watch it but if you want to it's really cool because I have like the opposite of me as my character it's so fun okay that aside uh okay we should go look my websitey things that I got stuck on I think I still have it here yeah I did not go back and watch the stream so we'll kind of have to talk out what exactly is happening what exactly oh yeah Chris like I got even meaner I got even meaner and still like uh Chris watched last weeks I was like dude you're the opposite oh my god no which which Chris we were right you haven't met this Chris yet this Chris is database Chris which I met at Denver started week it was a lot of fun Hershey is a hee she Chris does not have Twitter Chris why don't you have Twitter I feel like it's you should have Twitter but I have no justification other than everyone should have Twitter now there's no really Twitter Twitter's which you make of it you know it's uh and that we talked about this on my first episode actually I think that you you if you're intentional about Twitter you can be some cool people but like you don't need like a Twitter following unless you're optimizing for that for specific reasons you know like your role there's link it was fun it was a very fun stream taught me a ton about like relational and non-relational oh this is the person I told you ask for your hotgo db is web scale oh yeah well now you two have kind of like introduced yourself Anthony my inner and other brother who also kind of likes to troll my streams and my guests yeah dude there you go um and Chris is like one of my go-to database people because he does how to break it down but also in like a really good way of understanding it with real life things and I think that's been difficult for other people because databases can be difficult to understand like yeah they're highly theoretical but also highly practical because so much of what we do on the internet ultimately lands in a database at the end of the day I think you don't want to database around a lot of databases okay cool so this should be up to date but let me show you guys what I was up to in my last dream this one will and we did talk about code first versus database first I did my databases first so I would understand them um not that it actually needed to be built first but I mean it's like do you build your API before you build your front end it's all it's all the same at the end of the day you arrive at the same thing it will reconnect thank you for reconnecting that's okay yeah I did put you in default uh and go to my date bills wow okay cool okay so I created four tables and they're the format that uh Kristen I talked about of like so that way you know the channel can uh and the show can go into you can you just click on the channel so I can see like what is in there like can you like visualize it in terms like the data that's actually in it can I see it like it's the next sales part of the sheet so that's the point PG admin right like is there data in here already no okay then no that's okay but it only has uh well it does ID a name um and then okay that would be the first thing I would say like if we're no regardless of what we're doing you should have your data some data at least a couple pieces right and I can let me open a new you tad yes i'm broken in your zish RC by the way why why do you say that she looking at the very first line oh well that's new yeah that's because we because you ran that zish RC command earlier yeah i'm like that's a question that's a that's that command i was questionable said this surprise me okay so I can add data in here hey hey because I do have it connected to prisma yay miss studio does is broken though okay so if we wanted to add some data let me go back and look at this like I would at least have an episode in there you know okay add a record we have episode one name the hold on let me not do it this way this cartridge is no um there's yeah so there's there's a couple questions here which is that like we there's you how are you even going to get all this data into this database in the first place well that's what I was trying to do so well go here go here okay so I have data and some sort of structured format unless you want to write a whole bunch of sequel no no hold on yeah okay let me just go put an episode in please stand by yeah i'm still not entirely sure what what your your issue even is such just shut up and let you I was gonna show you when you distracted me but we will do this you will do that the channel if this is id1 this is teach gen tech and then save changes okay and then we are going to do oh no just kidding that wasn't right this is a bad thing about like when you're working on it for so long and then you haven't touched it in a while show add record is one and then okay give me a second I have to remember how I set this up I'm just going to work backwards at a record it's going to be episode one what is the name of the episode it is a JC web dev as it has a hashtag of and funny so I'm sorry but this is okay and it pulls the information from show so like see how we were filling this out it needs to know show id so the show is if I filled that one out at a record it's one honestly if you didn't work for a database company I would tell you not to use a database at all to build this website but this is this is fine because this is going to be a useful thing for you to have to do I know because I would suggest and just what I mean by is that what I would do in this example for the for your website is I would just have a bunch of markdown files every time of a new episode you create a new markdown file with all the information and a link to the YouTube that's all I would do do you do know that I have 70 episodes on the podcast and over almost a hundred on teach land tech that is a lot of data to try to keep track of no I was saying you wouldn't keep trying but I'm saying every time you have a new episode you make a new markdown page and then you just do that every time you make a new episode so if you want to do all of that in one go there's ways you could do that but the point is what I'm saying is that I would want to think of this in terms of pages not in terms of rows and a database now that not to say one is wrong or one is right like there's a good case to be made for for both I'm just saying yeah that's how I would do it so anyway okay so I don't remember exactly how my database is structured that's fine I can figure that out again so what's the idea that's not what I was stuck on I did know this when I was streaming earlier but let's go okay so I have my schema prisma okay this actually makes more sense looking at it this way but I got my schema set up the way that let me actually show you the page itself in mind so last time I was working on this I was able to use the template to get the six blog posts like set up like this is the template cool yay and I got the top of it set up I was very excited we are making progress and so that's the teach John tech version this is the full default version with blog and I was so proud and I have seen these these websites yes yeah and I was so proud I'm like yes I got this figured out I am on the right track until so to follow blog what we just looked at is the blog list this is the blog list yeah okay well let me look at blog content okay it's in content it's using all right I'll figure this out later and then we got a blog summary card and I'm just like so your your question right now is what are astro content collections that's the question you need to ask right now okay that is what is happening right now and this is something where only an astro core team member can truly help you with this because this is an astro specific convention astro created their own thing to manage content this is not something that was built for databases this is like I was built for pulling a content from markdown files this is why my approach would work very well with astro and I have an astro website myself that I already do this with what you need to do is you need to get Ben Holmes and Saban on stream together to explain how the hell you would do this as far as I know I don't know if anyone's actually used astro content collections to pull in stuff from a database it's a very interesting project the fact that you're hitting this issue is quite fascinating both them will be very interested to hear this so I'll say that first off I don't know if I'll be able to make a lot of good progress with you right now on this because there's a there's a there's a knowledge gap here which is that you have a you have a template that's using something called astro content collections and you don't even know what that is so so figure out how to get that to work with an ORM is actually quite a challenging thing to do so you want to get the right people in the room to actually ask the questions of what do you even need to be thinking about to get this to work at the first place so that's what I would kind of recommend and I can make those introductions if you don't know those people is there two good friends of mine so not very hard to get them in a conversation um I'm tweeting them right now and saying we're talking about them and I'm specifically saying that you're saying that they need to be on the show yes say that I would also actually let me let me shoot Ben a question right now the homes dev this idiot has anyone wired up astro content collection with Prisma he'll know exactly what I mean by that um I did Prisma with my other I think I did I feel like I did at some point like you did what I don't know now I have a lot of websites I have to think about this let's go let's go stock my GitHub let's let's do this first go so people understand what I'm talking about here go to google astro content collections because I'm using that term I'm sure most people probably don't even know what that is so let's talk about that first because that's how you're cited so that it's using this content collections this is a way to manage and author content in any astro project and it's to organize your documents validate your front matter so the fact that's validating front matter at all should clue you into why this is made for markdown and provide automatic typescript type safety for all your content so in my website what this does is it would be able to say hey your meta description in your OG tags is too short or too long that's the type of thing it can do it can type it's so it's like so go back to typescript type trip can type check this can type check a markdown file but you're trying to use a database not a markdown file so that's a whole different thing so it would skip this content collection to be able to work with Prisma and go to the database yeah you could query the database directly and just display it on your page but you would be bypassing what your template has already set up because your template is now using content collections right now it's so you could kind of you could trash all that just have a raw astro project and start making database queries and then figure out what to do when you get that data back that's something you can do I don't know if that's advisable or not and this is why these are kind of questions that need to be asked to both astro and Prisma team members kind of in concert with one another I feel like you'll need to be able to be on the show too to like translate what I'm trying to do be like I'm here to translate Jen because it doesn't always make sense I think it's a super interesting question Ben Holmes is like how would you expect that to work it is like which basically means I have no idea what you're talking about please tell him I tweeted that he's uh they're gonna be on the show well that at least makes me feel better that uh okay I'm display this quote I just I just grabbed from Ben so we only support file-based collections of the moe to write to files manual reference so content collections are not made to work with databases which is why you were able to figure it out so you should feel good about that that you're trying to do something impossible so you shouldn't have expected to be able to figure it out but I don't get why it doesn't work like why wouldn't it work why like it's because this is an astro specific convention that was created specifically to work with markdown files that doesn't mean you can't use Prisma and Astro together but that means the template you selected is not designed well to do what you want to do with it that's all I got um well let me ask him now if you know of any astro Prisma examples at all I'll be the next question because so this is what you want to do which I was going to say you are for a database company it makes sense for you to build a ridiculous project just for the sake of your work so you can learn things I do it all the time it's how I learned how I learned the vast majority of things I've learned tagging I've building projects I probably shouldn't have so don't be discouraged by that but what you need is you need a starter that already has astro and Prisma connected in a way that's kind of ergonomic and that isn't using content collections which is good this is these are important things for you to know and understand so we we are making progress right now this doesn't feel like progress this feels like we just want backwards but we're making progress here trust me um I know what I always say is name wrong but I just tagged alien in the tweet as well because this is his theme and I love this theme I don't want to get rid of this thing I like the theme and very attached to this theme let me respond to this you put a whole lot of context in there yes you please please fill them in Chris said if you really want a good bad idea you could write something to pull from your database have it generate a markdown file yeah that's that's what that's exactly what I'm what I'm thinking is the type of starter I'm working for well this uh well this is a great moment to ask kept because I was thinking that it would query everything and put it into a markdown file with the queries um and then could I could I put like where would I put the transcripts because if can the transcripts go into the database and if they're in the database will they actually output correctly with like you know the paragraphs and stuff well so once you've got something in a database that you're going to be querying and displaying you should think about as just like strings of text at the at the end of the day because that's what you're going to be shoving into markdown files or into HTML so you're going to lose a lot of the structure once you start doing that but because you have Prisma you can kind of write your query the way you need to so you can get the data you want this is actually this is like this is where GraphQL would actually be really useful this is partly why Gatsby kind of had this problem solved and did it without needing a database at all really but but again this is just like most people who who create websites like this they don't have a database with all their stuff in it they have like they think about things from the pages level so this is just it's probably it's like a different kind of mental models that you think about like what is what are your database queries like what is going to be the query you're going to write in Prisma that's going to get the data you need and then how do you display that on the page so there's there's a lot of ways to do that and what I would do if I were you I would start so if I were if I were to generate now this is this is what I would do I would first actually get all my data and a database so that I understand what the data is and what I'm actually working with I mean I can't do that I was stuck earlier and that's why I was like oh I need to figure this out first so yeah that's definitely something I can do so that's what I want to do because one several days in the database then I start working with it fair at high I actually want to display it on my page because until it's actually in the database or at least just it's just an example like a dummy example you as long as it's structured correctly in the database because then I would want to query the database and I would want to just grab a JSON blob of each episode and throw that on the page then I would take that JSON blob I would turn into a component that looks the way I wanted to look and then I would iterate over that array to display each component in the way I wanted to look so I need to go back and like look at this in my database that I did set up but the way it set up is so I have the show table which just has like a what show are you doing this on teach didn't tech or shit you don't want to talk about and then we have a channel table which is is this going to YouTube Twitch like where is this from where do I watch the video on demand basically like so also like Spotify Apple Podcast blah blah blah and then the episode would be taking the information from the show and then what is the name of the episode so if this is teach shen tech I would have it would grab the show teach shen tech for show ID the whatever the this idea is and then the name of it would be building a react web app with deploying on v in versatile and then we would take that information and put it with a channel so we know where it's going with the channel so that is the database I set up I just didn't this is my pretty coloring of it didn't know how to explain that without looking at it on my web diagram okay so Ben just gave me a link to an asho starter that uses prisma is a huge issue though which is that's using mago db which is not a relational database so your whole database deal becomes a relevant as soon as you use it so this was Chris's episode sequel versus non sequel right yeah so you're working with a sequel database right now she got relations with stuff so the star he just gave me doesn't actually get us entirely toward we want to go but we could just rip out the schema entirely and replace it with your schema and that might kind of work after some effort I feel like you should just like put them in a group chat and be like look let's do this really cool lab on doing this because Jen needs to learn how to use postgres and this is work with asgro and prisma I mean I've wanted asho to have nice full stack examples if we used redwood it actually make everything a lot simpler if I was there but that's the only because I know how redwood would fit into this whole equation most people would say that would make it more complicated but um I was like I barely know I'm just giving you a solution here you tell you believe it I mean the solution would be like I really could be like hey does somebody want to build my website for me I'd really appreciate it that could be really cool and then it would magically be done but that's not gonna help and I don't want to learn bed wood on top of all of this although I will say it finally dawned on me that redwood came out of San Francisco kind of it was built by a dude from south africa or lin uh actually but really yeah but isn't it like mainly you then why is it called redwood because I was thinking because that's correct that's because so there's there's two people there's tom there's peter tom's the figurehead he's the guy who lived in marine and has these redwood trees like in his backyard he built it with peter peter wrote most of the code peter is the south africa and who lived in berlin they worked together on app called chatterbug which was a language learning platform that was using ruby on rails as a backend graph QL API to a react front end and they realized that this was so painful that they needed to build an entire framework to make a nicer experience so then they spent five years of building redwood and they named it redwood because the first name chain saw was too violent the second name hammer was already taken and the third name had to fit with the explanation tom already wrote for hammer okay okay I'm still going like that San Francisco Ben is saying that there's a remix example you should use and translate remix to astro I don't know if that's a good idea for you to do because you don't know how to use remix yet so that's so can you just tell him I really really want him can you please just tell him I really want him to come on my stream with whiteboards like any more whitewoods in my life because I assume you're on stream right now I saw the sos on Twitter yeah we're not going to figure this out right now but that she wants you on the stream yep that's a good way of saying it that is a good way of saying it yeah yeah it would be fun but hey I figured out how to make whisper do its thing and it's done oh it tells you the total time hmm is the encode time or the decode time it's full time it takes to do it okay so same as asking where the database needs here so I'm gonna say you have a database with episodes of a show it's a relational database I'm gonna take a screenshot of my pretty thing and just be like like it's not gonna make any sense very excited about this oh here we go charisma and plan scale and ash show this is this is what you need this is the blog post is one of the things where there's probably only one person out there in the world which I could create content for this specific problem you have but this looks like the person yay what up us what time is it there but like I feel like it's probably like the middle of the night and I haven't looked at that yet I am very concentrated on resizing stuff on my mirror board okay Okay Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do. Do-do-do. Sure, that'll work. So I'll need to write an article eventually on how to do it with Ivan. Yay. So this is actually, that's going to be great quality content because Astro is blowing up right now
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do. Do-do-do. Sure, that'll work. So I'll need to write an article eventually on how to do it with Ivan. Yay. So this is actually, that's going to be great quality content because Astro is blowing up right now You should be on the Astro train and creating this type of content for Ivan. So this is like, this is great stuff. Oh, it's already like, I'm focusing because I'm like, why Prisma talks about Ivan, but Ivan doesn't talk about Brisma. And I'm like, what? We need more Prisma in our lives
You should be on the Astro train and creating this type of content for Ivan. So this is like, this is great stuff. Oh, it's already like, I'm focusing because I'm like, why Prisma talks about Ivan, but Ivan doesn't talk about Brisma. And I'm like, what? We need more Prisma in our lives Prisma is a huge issue. I want these more Prisma in their life and call it drizzle takes over. Okay. I just wanted to save in. And yeah, I'm not sure if, um, the Sabin probably won't be able to help. Too much because the issue more so is once we have the Prisma queries written
Prisma is a huge issue. I want these more Prisma in their life and call it drizzle takes over. Okay. I just wanted to save in. And yeah, I'm not sure if, um, the Sabin probably won't be able to help. Too much because the issue more so is once we have the Prisma queries written Well, yes, that you would you know how to write a Prisma query that would return the episodes? Like, I mean, that's going to be easy enough to Google and figure out like how to pull the information to query the information. Yeah, because that's what that's what Sabin good to help with
Well, yes, that you would you know how to write a Prisma query that would return the episodes? Like, I mean, that's going to be easy enough to Google and figure out like how to pull the information to query the information. Yeah, because that's what that's what Sabin good to help with And then actually displaying it on the a show stuff that's where Ben would come in and use Prisma. So we probably don't necessarily even need Sabin on the stream. Yeah, but we now have said it and Sabin already said he'd be on the stream someday. So we had to save it on regardless
And then actually displaying it on the a show stuff that's where Ben would come in and use Prisma. So we probably don't necessarily even need Sabin on the stream. Yeah, but we now have said it and Sabin already said he'd be on the stream someday. So we had to save it on regardless I'm just saying for this specific problem, you might not necessarily need him. Yeah. Great. He says dope. I'm here to help a few his neck. Oh, I know you are saving because he's saving the world. He is. That's his email. Sabin the world. Good. Yes. Yes. Yes. So many dope humans. But yeah
I'm just saying for this specific problem, you might not necessarily need him. Yeah. Great. He says dope. I'm here to help a few his neck. Oh, I know you are saving because he's saving the world. He is. That's his email. Sabin the world. Good. Yes. Yes. Yes. So many dope humans. But yeah But yeah. So I have homework to do. That's fun. You do. Damn it. So is homework to do. Yes. I will get my website finished. Eventually. Oh, then. And then what you have you have that huge maintenance burden. The website. That's worth it though. You need to have your own website
But yeah. So I have homework to do. That's fun. You do. Damn it. So is homework to do. Yes. I will get my website finished. Eventually. Oh, then. And then what you have you have that huge maintenance burden. The website. That's worth it though. You need to have your own website Anyone who's actually like a death row. Kind of deserves it to themselves to go through the process of building their own website. Well, that's just that. I need somewhere to put all my content. Yes. And blogs and show notes. I just decided. Just in transcripts
Anyone who's actually like a death row. Kind of deserves it to themselves to go through the process of building their own website. Well, that's just that. I need somewhere to put all my content. Yes. And blogs and show notes. I just decided. Just in transcripts And I just decided to make it the most complicated thing ever. Yeah, that's how is it. You add a database into the mix. Well, I want to make sure that I understand the databases. And I wanted to work the way I wanted to work and it may not. But I'm going to really understand why
And I just decided to make it the most complicated thing ever. Yeah, that's how is it. You add a database into the mix. Well, I want to make sure that I understand the databases. And I wanted to work the way I wanted to work and it may not. But I'm going to really understand why Yeah, no, this is a great exercise. Even though like I said, I would not build a site like this. It makes sense for you to. For all those reasons. Well, that works. Yes, got to have all the basis covered. Yes. Well, hopefully we get to have a stream soon. , and we are going to
Yeah, no, this is a great exercise. Even though like I said, I would not build a site like this. It makes sense for you to. For all those reasons. Well, that works. Yes, got to have all the basis covered. Yes. Well, hopefully we get to have a stream soon. , and we are going to Shad media, Anthony comes on to translate with savin and Ben. We're just going to have party. If you get either of them on, I don't think you need to get them both on the same time and you. Yeah, that would be really funny. Yeah
Shad media, Anthony comes on to translate with savin and Ben. We're just going to have party. If you get either of them on, I don't think you need to get them both on the same time and you. Yeah, that would be really funny. Yeah Yeah. Ideally, you want to get saving on first so you could write the queries, Ben's gonna have if you get bound for Ben's got fair how to write the Astro queries with you or how to write the prison queries with you and then let me know you're for saving to do. All right, all right
Yeah. Ideally, you want to get saving on first so you could write the queries, Ben's gonna have if you get bound for Ben's got fair how to write the Astro queries with you or how to write the prison queries with you and then let me know you're for saving to do. All right, all right Well, and that's fine. Well, on that you can just have me build it in Redwood and then we want need either of them. I like Astro. Now you still be using Astro. Astro will be querying a Redwood API. Oh. But actually, yeah, let's not do that
Well, and that's fine. Well, on that you can just have me build it in Redwood and then we want need either of them. I like Astro. Now you still be using Astro. Astro will be querying a Redwood API. Oh. But actually, yeah, let's not do that But the next time I come on, I will just show you Redwood in the abstract and show you how to connect that to Ivan and then you'll have a Redwood Ivan example. How about we do that on July 5th? Yeah, that's great. I actually do have to check my schedule. I'm not sure. I moved that week
But the next time I come on, I will just show you Redwood in the abstract and show you how to connect that to Ivan and then you'll have a Redwood Ivan example. How about we do that on July 5th? Yeah, that's great. I actually do have to check my schedule. I'm not sure. I moved that week I moved that week. So we'll find out. But it's a Wednesday. So I will be doing jobs from jam, but I'm okay. Then all right. And I'm going to be in a new time zone. That's going to be confusing. You're going to be in a specific. Pacific. Yeah. Yeah, all sorts of confused. All right, y'all
I moved that week. So we'll find out. But it's a Wednesday. So I will be doing jobs from jam, but I'm okay. Then all right. And I'm going to be in a new time zone. That's going to be confusing. You're going to be in a specific. Pacific. Yeah. Yeah, all sorts of confused. All right, y'all All right, y'all. I'm going to raise you over to Chris Gryffin because he's a dope soul and dude Phoenix time is weird. Phoenix time is really weird. I agree. Phoenix. Yeah, it's going to be nice and toasty. You can hang out with Lucia. I think she's in Phoenix. She is. I'm so excited. Yes
All right, y'all. I'm going to raise you over to Chris Gryffin because he's a dope soul and dude Phoenix time is weird. Phoenix time is really weird. I agree. Phoenix. Yeah, it's going to be nice and toasty. You can hang out with Lucia. I think she's in Phoenix. She is. I'm so excited. Yes Yes. And bye, y'all. Thanks for coming. Hang out. Bye.
Yes. And bye, y'all. Thanks for coming. Hang out. Bye.