Hello, hello beautiful humans. Welcome to another episode of Teach Gen Tech. I'm Jen and today's guest we have Tim and Tim. What are we learning about as of last week, this week and who are you? Okay Last week we talked about real-time analytics and we kind of just walked through a history of computing
Last week we talked about real-time analytics and we kind of just walked through a history of computing That makes us sound a little grandiose but like how we came to be, to in this world of real-time analytics and this week we're going to talk about a particular real-time analytics database called Apache Pino
That makes us sound a little grandiose but like how we came to be, to in this world of real-time analytics and this week we're going to talk about a particular real-time analytics database called Apache Pino And who am I on some guy? I am and the VP of developer relations at a company called Star Tree. Star Tree is founded by the creators of Apache Pino. That's a company that makes a fully managed cloud service based on Apache Pino
And who am I on some guy? I am and the VP of developer relations at a company called Star Tree. Star Tree is founded by the creators of Apache Pino. That's a company that makes a fully managed cloud service based on Apache Pino Very cool and what is something cool that you, what did you do last weekend and what's coming up this coming weekend? Yes, my plans. Well, so last week I was a big week. I turned 51. It was a lot of work. Happy birthday. I woke up and there I was. So yeah, it was good. It was a good birthday
Very cool and what is something cool that you, what did you do last weekend and what's coming up this coming weekend? Yes, my plans. Well, so last week I was a big week. I turned 51. It was a lot of work. Happy birthday. I woke up and there I was. So yeah, it was good. It was a good birthday Okay, and we talked about this last week. I have just moved to California. So it was my first, I suppose I'm a California now. And this weekend I have some big plans on Saturday the 24th. I am marrying a woman currently named Rachel Stark. Later that day she'll be named Rachel Berglund
Okay, and we talked about this last week. I have just moved to California. So it was my first, I suppose I'm a California now. And this weekend I have some big plans on Saturday the 24th. I am marrying a woman currently named Rachel Stark. Later that day she'll be named Rachel Berglund And I am very happy about that. Yay. And where are you guys going on your honeymoon? We are going to an all inclusive resort in Playa del Carmen in Riviera Maya, Yucatan Peninsula of Mexico, seven days. How did you find that? It does like a very, sounds very specific
And I am very happy about that. Yay. And where are you guys going on your honeymoon? We are going to an all inclusive resort in Playa del Carmen in Riviera Maya, Yucatan Peninsula of Mexico, seven days. How did you find that? It does like a very, sounds very specific Yeah, it's, I mean, the Riviera Maya is not like a find. I mean, it's just that strip of Cosmell. Um, can coon, can coons on the land side. Cross of Mel is the island. It's, you know, people go there and there's a bunch of all inclusive resorts there
Yeah, it's, I mean, the Riviera Maya is not like a find. I mean, it's just that strip of Cosmell. Um, can coon, can coons on the land side. Cross of Mel is the island. It's, you know, people go there and there's a bunch of all inclusive resorts there However, we have an excellent travel agent, who is a long time friend of Rachel's who help look us up. Look, you know, kind of search to a bunch of places in Caribbean and Mexico and we narrowed in on this place. Nice. Yay. Yeah. All right. So now I have to like see if I could recap last week
However, we have an excellent travel agent, who is a long time friend of Rachel's who help look us up. Look, you know, kind of search to a bunch of places in Caribbean and Mexico and we narrowed in on this place. Nice. Yay. Yeah. All right. So now I have to like see if I could recap last week If I can remember what we talked about to lead up to the question I have. I'm looking at my notes. I'm gonna try it. I don't think it's gonna work. No, it's not gonna work. So we're just not even gonna try it. Sorry, y'all. You don't get to see my notes. I will fix it when I move. Okay
If I can remember what we talked about to lead up to the question I have. I'm looking at my notes. I'm gonna try it. I don't think it's gonna work. No, it's not gonna work. So we're just not even gonna try it. Sorry, y'all. You don't get to see my notes. I will fix it when I move. Okay Okay. I know that moving pan. John, I'm still here on my laptop webcam with air pods in my ears. These are lighting, but I just guess. Yes. Yes. It's disruptive to life and stressful. It is. It is. Okay
Okay. I know that moving pan. John, I'm still here on my laptop webcam with air pods in my ears. These are lighting, but I just guess. Yes. Yes. It's disruptive to life and stressful. It is. It is. Okay It is. It is. Okay. So basically, I'm going to start with analytics itself started with, and this is also a recap from another talk or something I saw from someone. So see if the two go together
It is. It is. Okay. So basically, I'm going to start with analytics itself started with, and this is also a recap from another talk or something I saw from someone. So see if the two go together Of before even punch cards, it was also the like books themselves of just taking notes and like for bookies or accounting. With that, these consider it part of analytics as well. Yeah, you could have a bunch of data just written in columns in a book
Of before even punch cards, it was also the like books themselves of just taking notes and like for bookies or accounting. With that, these consider it part of analytics as well. Yeah, you could have a bunch of data just written in columns in a book And if you wanted insight into the data, you know, all the particulars is a lot. There's just a lot of things. And it's hard to understand list of numbers
And if you wanted insight into the data, you know, all the particulars is a lot. There's just a lot of things. And it's hard to understand list of numbers You know, you want to know what to expect or what is an interesting thing that has happened that helps you make a prediction about what is going to happen in the future. And that involves you doing some kind of reducing of that set of notes
You know, you want to know what to expect or what is an interesting thing that has happened that helps you make a prediction about what is going to happen in the future. And that involves you doing some kind of reducing of that set of notes And you could do that, you know, you do that pencil and paper and a list of numbers in a book. You don't even need a punch card or a mechanical tabulating device or anything. That sounds a lot harder. That sounds a lot more terrifying
And you could do that, you know, you do that pencil and paper and a list of numbers in a book. You don't even need a punch card or a mechanical tabulating device or anything. That sounds a lot harder. That sounds a lot more terrifying But an analytic in like, let's say an accounting notebook would be like how many transactions did I have on Monday? And that tells that number of how many transactions is getting an analysis of the data, which is an analytic. Yeah. Or what's my average selling price in March? Okay. Yeah. Cool
But an analytic in like, let's say an accounting notebook would be like how many transactions did I have on Monday? And that tells that number of how many transactions is getting an analysis of the data, which is an analytic. Yeah. Or what's my average selling price in March? Okay. Yeah. Cool Yeah. Cool. Cool. And then so for this next one, we went to punch cards. That's making sense. We moved on from there. And then we went from in the 80s is when we started seeing a lot more about databases. And we went from it being the mainframe to being on a single machine
Yeah. Cool. Cool. And then so for this next one, we went to punch cards. That's making sense. We moved on from there. And then we went from in the 80s is when we started seeing a lot more about databases. And we went from it being the mainframe to being on a single machine And people were using a land to get to the single machine. And then it was duplicating all of like, you had one database with a lot of computers. But it would take forever. And then we updated to. Client server. That kind of that thing you just described is client server
And people were using a land to get to the single machine. And then it was duplicating all of like, you had one database with a lot of computers. But it would take forever. And then we updated to. Client server. That kind of that thing you just described is client server So in between the original punch cards and client server, you just had mainframes and punch cards were a part of that story. But one big computer where everything happened, all the analytics, all the everything. And the client server transition was now there's lots of little computers on a network
So in between the original punch cards and client server, you just had mainframes and punch cards were a part of that story. But one big computer where everything happened, all the analytics, all the everything. And the client server transition was now there's lots of little computers on a network And the data is in a little database, smaller database. But there might be lots of those servers with databases on them. So during the mainframe era, it was all in one place. You can see it. And now what the crap, the whole database is everywhere. That's the client server thing
And the data is in a little database, smaller database. But there might be lots of those servers with databases on them. So during the mainframe era, it was all in one place. You can see it. And now what the crap, the whole database is everywhere. That's the client server thing So it was like an important economic innovation and architectural innovation. And it was very successful, but it caused a problem in understanding getting insights into what's going on. Got it. And that's why they would rewrite from all of the department's databases and basically batch once a day
So it was like an important economic innovation and architectural innovation. And it was very successful, but it caused a problem in understanding getting insights into what's going on. Got it. And that's why they would rewrite from all of the department's databases and basically batch once a day Into the data warehouse. Data warehouse. Yes. That is why the data warehouse came to be. And as I wrote this down and now I'm going to read it out loud to see what it is. Analytics was a batch data process each night. Okay. That is accurate
Into the data warehouse. Data warehouse. Yes. That is why the data warehouse came to be. And as I wrote this down and now I'm going to read it out loud to see what it is. Analytics was a batch data process each night. Okay. That is accurate That is accurate. And then in the early 90s, the web hit, and we're still using the client service which we just talked about. But now it's going to a website. So nothing really changed. The processes is just like now through a website
That is accurate. And then in the early 90s, the web hit, and we're still using the client service which we just talked about. But now it's going to a website. So nothing really changed. The processes is just like now through a website Yeah, the application architecture and the batch nature of analytics completely unchanged. It looked like our whole world was changing. And the web was changed a lot. Just behind the curtain. Is it? Yeah. Yeah. It's really
Yeah, the application architecture and the batch nature of analytics completely unchanged. It looked like our whole world was changing. And the web was changed a lot. Just behind the curtain. Is it? Yeah. Yeah. It's really Yeah. It's really. And then in 2010, places like Hadoop and Data Lake and Spark decided that one computer shouldn't have all the data. So they started to have clusters that connected to each other? Yes. Because data got big. This was the so-called big data era. And it could fit in on one machine
Yeah. It's really. And then in 2010, places like Hadoop and Data Lake and Spark decided that one computer shouldn't have all the data. So they started to have clusters that connected to each other? Yes. Because data got big. This was the so-called big data era. And it could fit in on one machine The machines we could build. And so you had to build clusters and distribute it over lots. Distribute the storage and the computation over lots of machines. But we still had a batch. So nothing really changed there. Again, the distributed thing was a big deal
The machines we could build. And so you had to build clusters and distribute it over lots. Distribute the storage and the computation over lots of machines. But we still had a batch. So nothing really changed there. Again, the distributed thing was a big deal But it's still way or not exactly freeing our minds yet. And so that's what people would refer to as the monolith that it takes too long to load the data. Which is why microservices and LinkedIn built Kafka for event-driven architecture. Yes. Let me nuance out a tiny bit
But it's still way or not exactly freeing our minds yet. And so that's what people would refer to as the monolith that it takes too long to load the data. Which is why microservices and LinkedIn built Kafka for event-driven architecture. Yes. Let me nuance out a tiny bit The monolith was just a client server paradigm pushed to its limits. And it didn't scale in a few important ways. It was a great idea in the 80s and 90s when it was taking over the world. And then we started to find in the 2010s, wait, 2000s or early 2010s, there were limits
The monolith was just a client server paradigm pushed to its limits. And it didn't scale in a few important ways. It was a great idea in the 80s and 90s when it was taking over the world. And then we started to find in the 2010s, wait, 2000s or early 2010s, there were limits So microservices, LinkedIn jumped on board, created Kafka. Got it. Got it. That makes sense. All right. And so that is modern application program. And we went to event-driven and then events go to logs, which is part of what Kafka does
So microservices, LinkedIn jumped on board, created Kafka. Got it. Got it. That makes sense. All right. And so that is modern application program. And we went to event-driven and then events go to logs, which is part of what Kafka does And mainframe to client server to event-driven to real-time analytics was the entire process. Yes. And I'm stuck because I don't know what event is to know what a log is. Right. And that's where we landed. So let's talk about what events are
And mainframe to client server to event-driven to real-time analytics was the entire process. Yes. And I'm stuck because I don't know what event is to know what a log is. Right. And that's where we landed. So let's talk about what events are We'll back up a little bit and release state the summary of event-driven architecture. So the client server paradigm grew to its limits and we discovered these big giant app we didn't call them client server anymore, but they were. Big giant applications, which is too hard to deal with
We'll back up a little bit and release state the summary of event-driven architecture. So the client server paradigm grew to its limits and we discovered these big giant app we didn't call them client server anymore, but they were. Big giant applications, which is too hard to deal with We started calling them this bad word. The monolith broke them up into little pieces. And once you break a perfectly good program up into pieces, those pieces have to talk. And we experimented for a few years with various crappy ways of getting them to talk
We started calling them this bad word. The monolith broke them up into little pieces. And once you break a perfectly good program up into pieces, those pieces have to talk. And we experimented for a few years with various crappy ways of getting them to talk And the way of making your microservices talk to each other that seems to be sticking is to have them throw events at one another and be event-driven things. So a microservices life is to sit there
And the way of making your microservices talk to each other that seems to be sticking is to have them throw events at one another and be event-driven things. So a microservices life is to sit there This is a terrible simplification, but to sit there and wait for it to receive an event from a Kafka topic and oh look, I have work to do. And then it does that work and puts its results somewhere else
This is a terrible simplification, but to sit there and wait for it to receive an event from a Kafka topic and oh look, I have work to do. And then it does that work and puts its results somewhere else I feel like this is not going to be the best place, but I feel like eventually I need to figure out what workers are and just the way you explain it. I mean, we think of workers in like a, like words, not in what it actually does. Yes. So we might actually get there. We go through Pino
I feel like this is not going to be the best place, but I feel like eventually I need to figure out what workers are and just the way you explain it. I mean, we think of workers in like a, like words, not in what it actually does. Yes. So we might actually get there. We go through Pino We go through Pino. There's the, well, there's a thing called minions that are that are like workers. And they're not the, it's ambiguous. They're not the little yellow things that work for grew. Grue is the boss, right? It's his name. Grue
We go through Pino. There's the, well, there's a thing called minions that are that are like workers. And they're not the, it's ambiguous. They're not the little yellow things that work for grew. Grue is the boss, right? It's his name. Grue Grue. I don't remember all I know is when you told me about minions earlier, that's what I thought of. And I'm like, that's probably not what you're researching. But it is what a normal person would think. So there you go. And yes, it's grue. It's grue. It's true. Okay. Voiced by a grue
Grue. I don't remember all I know is when you told me about minions earlier, that's what I thought of. And I'm like, that's probably not what you're researching. But it is what a normal person would think. So there you go. And yes, it's grue. It's grue. It's true. Okay. Voiced by a grue Voiced by a grue. So, event, what's an event? Yeah. Okay. That's a, that's a great place to go before we, we get into, into Pino. Because Pino's life is, fairly, fairly tightly coupled to the idea of an event. So, an event is in the most abstract sense, a thing that happens
Voiced by a grue. So, event, what's an event? Yeah. Okay. That's a, that's a great place to go before we, we get into, into Pino. Because Pino's life is, fairly, fairly tightly coupled to the idea of an event. So, an event is in the most abstract sense, a thing that happens And you can really honestly start with just things in life. Like you, click the button that started the broadcast today. And, well, that's an event. You are in the process of moving. That moving is an event. There are lots of events in there. I'm getting married on Saturday. That's an event
And you can really honestly start with just things in life. Like you, click the button that started the broadcast today. And, well, that's an event. You are in the process of moving. That moving is an event. There are lots of events in there. I'm getting married on Saturday. That's an event That's an event. I took a sip of water. So, just things, right? And so, events tend to be things that are, that are localized in time, right? They happen at a time. And they're, they're not things that, then this is a little bit metaphysical. But they're not things that take up space
That's an event. I took a sip of water. So, just things, right? And so, events tend to be things that are, that are localized in time, right? They happen at a time. And they're, they're not things that, then this is a little bit metaphysical. But they're not things that take up space So, it's kind of an abstract thing. It happens in time. And it has some kind of information that goes along with it, which we'll get to in a minute. Yeah. Um. Um
So, it's kind of an abstract thing. It happens in time. And it has some kind of information that goes along with it, which we'll get to in a minute. Yeah. Um. Um Yeah. Um. Um. So, my next question on that one is more of like, how large or small can I an event be, yet in this context, I want to ask it as an example of, have you ever played D&D? Absolutely. Not a bunch, but I'm familiar. Yeah. Cool
Yeah. Um. Um. So, my next question on that one is more of like, how large or small can I an event be, yet in this context, I want to ask it as an example of, have you ever played D&D? Absolutely. Not a bunch, but I'm familiar. Yeah. Cool Yeah. Cool. For those who may be watching D&D is Dungeons and Dragons, it is a tabletop game where you basically role play what your characters on a table are doing. I'm playing a version right now with my discord group called, not D&D is called the Expans, but it is also a tabletop game
Yeah. Cool. For those who may be watching D&D is Dungeons and Dragons, it is a tabletop game where you basically role play what your characters on a table are doing. I'm playing a version right now with my discord group called, not D&D is called the Expans, but it is also a tabletop game And a remarkable television series. It is. On Amazon Prime and a series of novels. It is. Um, they would need to talk about Naomi Nagata's journey in season five. Don't tell me about it. I'm like, if I could put on earmuffs, I'm not there yet
And a remarkable television series. It is. On Amazon Prime and a series of novels. It is. Um, they would need to talk about Naomi Nagata's journey in season five. Don't tell me about it. I'm like, if I could put on earmuffs, I'm not there yet Because I didn't start watching it until our campaign for D&D stopped. So they decided to do the Expans. And I was like one of the only ones I hadn't watched it. So I'm learning about the Expans at the same time. But I can actually describe it without spoilers
Because I didn't start watching it until our campaign for D&D stopped. So they decided to do the Expans. And I was like one of the only ones I hadn't watched it. So I'm learning about the Expans at the same time. But I can actually describe it without spoilers I will say it is the most beautiful televised portrayal of abuse and trauma recovery that I've ever seen. Absolutely remarkable story arc in season five. If you know you know, if you don't DM me, message me, find me. I'll tell you what I mean if you've seen the season. Go on, Jen, please
I will say it is the most beautiful televised portrayal of abuse and trauma recovery that I've ever seen. Absolutely remarkable story arc in season five. If you know you know, if you don't DM me, message me, find me. I'll tell you what I mean if you've seen the season. Go on, Jen, please Go on, Jen, please. So, yeah, in tabletop games, you have to explain what you're going to go do. Like if I'm going to, okay, this is a very weird way of thinking about it, but I'm going to use it of the characters in the game got into a fight
Go on, Jen, please. So, yeah, in tabletop games, you have to explain what you're going to go do. Like if I'm going to, okay, this is a very weird way of thinking about it, but I'm going to use it of the characters in the game got into a fight Somebody unalived and had to, I had to go get the, they're like terminal off of them to get data. But to say that, I need to say, all right, now I'm going to go walk over to this person. And look for the terminal, pick it up and do my thing
Somebody unalived and had to, I had to go get the, they're like terminal off of them to get data. But to say that, I need to say, all right, now I'm going to go walk over to this person. And look for the terminal, pick it up and do my thing So, is walking over there with that be considered an event? Because that is so small, not something that people would necessarily think as an event. Because you would just be like, oh, I got a search for it. It's like searching for it is a very broad definition of something
So, is walking over there with that be considered an event? Because that is so small, not something that people would necessarily think as an event. Because you would just be like, oh, I got a search for it. It's like searching for it is a very broad definition of something We're saying I'm going to walk over there. Is a very small part of it that goes into the big part. Yeah, yeah. So, within the rules of D&D, moving your character, deciding in a turn to move your character is one of the things that you can do. And that's absolutely an event
We're saying I'm going to walk over there. Is a very small part of it that goes into the big part. Yeah, yeah. So, within the rules of D&D, moving your character, deciding in a turn to move your character is one of the things that you can do. And that's absolutely an event And if you were to think of a D&D game unfolding as a sequence of events, you could 100% model a D&D game as a sequence of events. And your decisions with what you do with the character and what do you play? What's this character? I'm using it. Her name's Luna
And if you were to think of a D&D game unfolding as a sequence of events, you could 100% model a D&D game as a sequence of events. And your decisions with what you do with the character and what do you play? What's this character? I'm using it. Her name's Luna Her name's Luna. Since it's in the experience, she's about there. Oh, sorry. It's not D&D. It's okay. So, she's about... I know. Yeah, sorry, I got confused
Her name's Luna. Since it's in the experience, she's about there. Oh, sorry. It's not D&D. It's okay. So, she's about... I know. Yeah, sorry, I got confused Okay, so moving is a thing and like if she has a weapon or if she has like technical skills or something in a turn, and I don't know the expansive rules, but you know, tabletop RPG, you're going to make a decision to do some other thing, right
Okay, so moving is a thing and like if she has a weapon or if she has like technical skills or something in a turn, and I don't know the expansive rules, but you know, tabletop RPG, you're going to make a decision to do some other thing, right And then, don't say DM, but like whoever is running the story, is also going to make decisions and actions on the part of NTCs
And then, don't say DM, but like whoever is running the story, is also going to make decisions and actions on the part of NTCs So there'll be non-player characters that are also sort of producing events. But the whole game is a sequence of events. It's like a log of things that happen
So there'll be non-player characters that are also sort of producing events. But the whole game is a sequence of events. It's like a log of things that happen And if you kept track, if there was some chronicler in the room, that was just writing down, every action everybody took in order and preserving the order of those things, that log could faithfully reproduce the state of the game and the history of the game as it unfolds
And if you kept track, if there was some chronicler in the room, that was just writing down, every action everybody took in order and preserving the order of those things, that log could faithfully reproduce the state of the game and the history of the game as it unfolds You're whole, you know, however many nights, however long the campaign lasts or whatever you call it in the expanse, I need to play this game
You're whole, you know, however many nights, however long the campaign lasts or whatever you call it in the expanse, I need to play this game You will, you will, you could represent that whole game as a sequence of events and those are the things that you do and the things that the NPCs do and that's kind of it, right? I feel like this is a very random way to describe it. It is. And this is good
You will, you will, you could represent that whole game as a sequence of events and those are the things that you do and the things that the NPCs do and that's kind of it, right? I feel like this is a very random way to describe it. It is. And this is good And this is good. I mean, this is a good, this is a good lead into peanut and it's so important. It's so important. There's a few other, a few other things I want to say about events. Another way you might think about your game, okay, is the current state
And this is good. I mean, this is a good, this is a good lead into peanut and it's so important. It's so important. There's a few other, a few other things I want to say about events. Another way you might think about your game, okay, is the current state And that's usually what you're trying to persist because like you get together or you do it discord, where there's a time when you synchronously get together with your fellow players and you play the game, you block off time and do that together
And that's usually what you're trying to persist because like you get together or you do it discord, where there's a time when you synchronously get together with your fellow players and you play the game, you block off time and do that together And you move the story forward and then at the end, you have some means of remembering where you are
And you move the story forward and then at the end, you have some means of remembering where you are So you kind of persist the current state of the world, the map, your characters, their character sheets, items they've picked up, things they've learned, damage they've taken, like whatever that state is. And you know, what the protocol at Jules doing or whatever
So you kind of persist the current state of the world, the map, your characters, their character sheets, items they've picked up, things they've learned, damage they've taken, like whatever that state is. And you know, what the protocol at Jules doing or whatever And you want to snapshot of that state. So next week you get together, you know where to pick up, right? So that snapshot of state. And I'm, I'm that's kind of how you, you do it with a weekly, yeah, RPG. That snapshot of state is the thing you think about
And you want to snapshot of that state. So next week you get together, you know where to pick up, right? So that snapshot of state. And I'm, I'm that's kind of how you, you do it with a weekly, yeah, RPG. That snapshot of state is the thing you think about The event log is usually not what you think about. These are two different ways of, of keeping track of what's going on. So you could just log every single thing that happens. And you had that log, you could always play that log back to get to the current state
The event log is usually not what you think about. These are two different ways of, of keeping track of what's going on. So you could just log every single thing that happens. And you had that log, you could always play that log back to get to the current state Or you could say, I'm not going to remember any of those actions or movements or decisions. I'm just going to remember the current state of the game. So that current state of the game is kind of like what you'd put in a database table
Or you could say, I'm not going to remember any of those actions or movements or decisions. I'm just going to remember the current state of the game. So that current state of the game is kind of like what you'd put in a database table Or you could, and you could literally do this with your expanse. You could serialize it as JSON. You could make it yaml. You know, you could come up with some format that serializes the current state of things. And just decide not to remember how you got there
Or you could, and you could literally do this with your expanse. You could serialize it as JSON. You could make it yaml. You know, you could come up with some format that serializes the current state of things. And just decide not to remember how you got there And honestly, that's how you do it as a normal person playing an RPG. But this whole thing with Kafka and event driven architecture and all of these things that were kind of the end of our story last week and the beginning of our story this week
And honestly, that's how you do it as a normal person playing an RPG. But this whole thing with Kafka and event driven architecture and all of these things that were kind of the end of our story last week and the beginning of our story this week We find that when we're writing programs that need to talk to each other, like we do now with microservices architectures, that keeping a log of the events of how we got to where we are is an easier thing to do than keeping a snapshot of the current state of the system and sharing that snapshot
We find that when we're writing programs that need to talk to each other, like we do now with microservices architectures, that keeping a log of the events of how we got to where we are is an easier thing to do than keeping a snapshot of the current state of the system and sharing that snapshot And there's a reason for that. And it has to do with the fundamental nature of events and the fundamental nature of state. Now, the current state of me is mutable. I change. I learn. I get tired. I rest. I become rested. I get hungry. I get full. I happen to have a shoulder injury right now
And there's a reason for that. And it has to do with the fundamental nature of events and the fundamental nature of state. Now, the current state of me is mutable. I change. I learn. I get tired. I rest. I become rested. I get hungry. I get full. I happen to have a shoulder injury right now I think I have a rotator cuff injury, which is like typical middle age dude who exercises thing, socks, right. That's a mutation in my state. And state is always mutable. The state of your expanse game changes every time anybody does anything
I think I have a rotator cuff injury, which is like typical middle age dude who exercises thing, socks, right. That's a mutation in my state. And state is always mutable. The state of your expanse game changes every time anybody does anything When you have mutable state, when you try to share that with multiple people who are trying to mutate it, who trying to make changes to it, that's really complicated
When you have mutable state, when you try to share that with multiple people who are trying to mutate it, who trying to make changes to it, that's really complicated The rules of a desktop RPG game reflect this because you have an I'll just say DM because I don't know it's called in your case, but you know, the person who runs the game right is kind of responsible for negotiating those changes. They ask, you know, Jen, what are you going to do next? Okay
The rules of a desktop RPG game reflect this because you have an I'll just say DM because I don't know it's called in your case, but you know, the person who runs the game right is kind of responsible for negotiating those changes. They ask, you know, Jen, what are you going to do next? Okay I am going to accept a right from you and let the state mutate that that's sort of like the lead node in this cluster. You get to suggest things and the DM gets to say, okay, that's that's going to happen or wait. No, the rules don't allow that
I am going to accept a right from you and let the state mutate that that's sort of like the lead node in this cluster. You get to suggest things and the DM gets to say, okay, that's that's going to happen or wait. No, the rules don't allow that And so there and if there's five people talking at once, they're going to say, you know what? You four shut up. I'm talking to Jen right now. I can't take rights from all of you at the same time. So that person is is negotiating among all those clients trying to mutate the state at once
And so there and if there's five people talking at once, they're going to say, you know what? You four shut up. I'm talking to Jen right now. I can't take rights from all of you at the same time. So that person is is negotiating among all those clients trying to mutate the state at once Doing that in software is notoriously difficult. Okay, that's among the harder problems in distributed systems is I mean, some people say that's the fundamental problem in distributed systems is negotiating changing state with multiple actors interested in doing that
Doing that in software is notoriously difficult. Okay, that's among the harder problems in distributed systems is I mean, some people say that's the fundamental problem in distributed systems is negotiating changing state with multiple actors interested in doing that So if I have a shared snapshot of what's true and 10 services are trying to change that life sucks. State is mutable. Events are immutable. When a thing happens, it has happened
So if I have a shared snapshot of what's true and 10 services are trying to change that life sucks. State is mutable. Events are immutable. When a thing happens, it has happened So as I like to say in the heat of an argument, you say words that you don't mean, and later you wish you hadn't said them well, you have said them. You actually don't get to unsay them. You don't get to undo events. They have been written to an immutable log. All you can do is produce new events
So as I like to say in the heat of an argument, you say words that you don't mean, and later you wish you hadn't said them well, you have said them. You actually don't get to unsay them. You don't get to undo events. They have been written to an immutable log. All you can do is produce new events So events are immutable state is mutable. And it's easier to share things that can't change. So sharing an event log, you're sharing a record of immutable events
So events are immutable state is mutable. And it's easier to share things that can't change. So sharing an event log, you're sharing a record of immutable events And it's a lot easier to do that among all these services than it is to have everybody writing to the same row and a table at the same time and hoping that you can get that right. No, no joke. We really are talking about these in D&D terms because I needed a way to break it down
And it's a lot easier to do that among all these services than it is to have everybody writing to the same row and a table at the same time and hoping that you can get that right. No, no joke. We really are talking about these in D&D terms because I needed a way to break it down Seriously, and there are so many great analogies. I mean, if you were a chess player, we could talk about a chess game as a sequence of events or the snapshot of the board. If you were a cook, we could talk about steps and a recipe versus the finished meal
Seriously, and there are so many great analogies. I mean, if you were a chess player, we could talk about a chess game as a sequence of events or the snapshot of the board. If you were a cook, we could talk about steps and a recipe versus the finished meal There's state and there's events that lead to state. And so those things work. Now the problem is the state is often the interesting thing. Like you might not want to know what you had your character do an hour and 15 minutes into the game six weeks ago
There's state and there's events that lead to state. And so those things work. Now the problem is the state is often the interesting thing. Like you might not want to know what you had your character do an hour and 15 minutes into the game six weeks ago It might be interesting if you just had that record, but maybe you don't care. When you're starting the game, you want to know where are we? What can I look at that says where everything? So it's the state that you want. States hard to share. It's what you want
It might be interesting if you just had that record, but maybe you don't care. When you're starting the game, you want to know where are we? What can I look at that says where everything? So it's the state that you want. States hard to share. It's what you want It's what you want. And that event log is the thing that's easy to share when it comes to computers. And you know, there are other advantages to having an event log. But it's notoriously difficult
It's what you want. And that event log is the thing that's easy to share when it comes to computers. And you know, there are other advantages to having an event log. But it's notoriously difficult And it would be a massive pain for you to start at the beginning of your you know, chronicles of your game and read through every event and refresh your memory of where you are. That's ridiculous. Okay. You're never going to do that. You need to know what the state is
And it would be a massive pain for you to start at the beginning of your you know, chronicles of your game and read through every event and refresh your memory of where you are. That's ridiculous. Okay. You're never going to do that. You need to know what the state is And if you want to ask other questions, like if you know, there were an ESPN sports center show on your expanse game and you'd have analysts thinking, well, you know, Jen's Belter, 67% of the time when you know, confronted with the Martian Navy fires first
And if you want to ask other questions, like if you know, there were an ESPN sports center show on your expanse game and you'd have analysts thinking, well, you know, Jen's Belter, 67% of the time when you know, confronted with the Martian Navy fires first How would you know that? You know, you'd have to go through. Number one, you can't know that by looking at the state. You need the history. But it's hard to kind of manually go through that history. The history is is literally just a sequence of events. All you can do is read through it in order
How would you know that? You know, you'd have to go through. Number one, you can't know that by looking at the state. You need the history. But it's hard to kind of manually go through that history. The history is is literally just a sequence of events. All you can do is read through it in order And so we need ways of materializing views of that to start playing the game. And if we want insight into what has happened, well, it's not quite time to pivot to Pino, but that's why Pino exists. I think I'm getting there. I'm going to go see if this analogy makes any sense as well
And so we need ways of materializing views of that to start playing the game. And if we want insight into what has happened, well, it's not quite time to pivot to Pino, but that's why Pino exists. I think I'm getting there. I'm going to go see if this analogy makes any sense as well So, if we're just talking about like building a website and we have an error coming up, that error is a snapshot of what's currently going on, but won't show all of the changes that went into it to show it where logs would do that. Not, I'm not saying it's exactly like events
So, if we're just talking about like building a website and we have an error coming up, that error is a snapshot of what's currently going on, but won't show all of the changes that went into it to show it where logs would do that. Not, I'm not saying it's exactly like events I'm just trying to think of another way of comparing the two. Yes. That's a little muddled because the error is is also really an event. Yeah. Let me try this. Let me try this
I'm just trying to think of another way of comparing the two. Yes. That's a little muddled because the error is is also really an event. Yeah. Let me try this. Let me try this Let me try this. We're both talking about relocating, I just moved and so I still have a place in Colorado that actually haven't closed on yet because it's new construction and renting a place here. But right now I want all my Amazon shipments to go to California. And so I go to Amazon
Let me try this. We're both talking about relocating, I just moved and so I still have a place in Colorado that actually haven't closed on yet because it's new construction and renting a place here. But right now I want all my Amazon shipments to go to California. And so I go to Amazoncom and I change my default shipping address. So, that's an event. I made that edit. I'm mutating my customer profile to change my default address to be in Mountain Dew. The current state of my profile is kind of the thing I want to see. I don't really want to see a history of the changes I've made
com and I change my default shipping address. So, that's an event. I made that edit. I'm mutating my customer profile to change my default address to be in Mountain Dew. The current state of my profile is kind of the thing I want to see. I don't really want to see a history of the changes I've made I want the state. What's my address? That makes sense. Okay. Yeah. Graham, you are absolutely right. For what I'm not seeing. I'm not seeing the job. Oh, look at here's the job. From what I understand, it's I'm just trying to like put it into other contexts
I want the state. What's my address? That makes sense. Okay. Yeah. Graham, you are absolutely right. For what I'm not seeing. I'm not seeing the job. Oh, look at here's the job. From what I understand, it's I'm just trying to like put it into other contexts Context, context to work on really having it make sense because like what you wrote Graham, like it makes sense by itself
Context, context to work on really having it make sense because like what you wrote Graham, like it makes sense by itself But when I try to compare it to something else to break down these like new terms or technologies, it doesn't always sink in unless I basically put a bunch of different situations around it to have it make sense. So that's why we were talking about D&D and and that's not a gen thing
But when I try to compare it to something else to break down these like new terms or technologies, it doesn't always sink in unless I basically put a bunch of different situations around it to have it make sense. So that's why we were talking about D&D and and that's not a gen thing I mean, that's a it is a gen thing, but it is not nearly a gen thing. That's everybody. So this stuff is not obvious. The first time you encounter it at all, it takes a while to make it make sense to you. And and Graham, I 100% endorse your snapshot versus each move
I mean, that's a it is a gen thing, but it is not nearly a gen thing. That's everybody. So this stuff is not obvious. The first time you encounter it at all, it takes a while to make it make sense to you. And and Graham, I 100% endorse your snapshot versus each move And also Robert linked to a Martin Fowler article and basically you should always read Martin Fowler on things like this. So thank you Robert. I'm excited to look it up and read it later. This will be good. Okay. Well, I feel like I now have a better understanding about events and logs
And also Robert linked to a Martin Fowler article and basically you should always read Martin Fowler on things like this. So thank you Robert. I'm excited to look it up and read it later. This will be good. Okay. Well, I feel like I now have a better understanding about events and logs And would it just is it? Oh, go ahead. Well, now after there's one more less conceptual thing I want to say about events, but ask your question first
And would it just is it? Oh, go ahead. Well, now after there's one more less conceptual thing I want to say about events, but ask your question first Is it called state or current, oh, he's called current state? Like if you were to be like talking about this topic, how would you say
Is it called state or current, oh, he's called current state? Like if you were to be like talking about this topic, how would you say I would just say state and state is kind of the abstract notion of like things in memory right now or what what is currently true of the world or that that kind of thing
I would just say state and state is kind of the abstract notion of like things in memory right now or what what is currently true of the world or that that kind of thing So the events are the the things that happen that lead up to the current state. Like, you know, this week I did a dumbbell press exercise and that event did a thing to my shoulder. And now my current state is shoulder injury. But that you just say state. Yeah. Okay. Cool. Thank you
So the events are the the things that happen that lead up to the current state. Like, you know, this week I did a dumbbell press exercise and that event did a thing to my shoulder. And now my current state is shoulder injury. But that you just say state. Yeah. Okay. Cool. Thank you Cool. Thank you. I just think current state. Now, a less somewhat less abstract thing about events. You know, there's the sort of philosophical notion of just things that happen and they're immutable and they're local time and not extended space blah blah blah
Cool. Thank you. I just think current state. Now, a less somewhat less abstract thing about events. You know, there's the sort of philosophical notion of just things that happen and they're immutable and they're local time and not extended space blah blah blah In in somewhat more computer science terms, we want to think of them as notification plus state. So events have a whenness to them, you know, they happen at a time. And so an event like in terms of an event during microservice is a notification. Hey, wake up. There's customer
In in somewhat more computer science terms, we want to think of them as notification plus state. So events have a whenness to them, you know, they happen at a time. And so an event like in terms of an event during microservice is a notification. Hey, wake up. There's customer There's customer. It's work to do, right. And there's information that event carries information. So it does itself have this little chunk of immutable state. It says what happened. So there is that it happened the notification and then the what happened
There's customer. It's work to do, right. And there's information that event carries information. So it does itself have this little chunk of immutable state. It says what happened. So there is that it happened the notification and then the what happened And so typically like in Kafka, just to be very concrete about this, an event is modeled as a key and a value. And it Kafka is not opinionated about the type of those things. I mean, they're internally there just bites
And so typically like in Kafka, just to be very concrete about this, an event is modeled as a key and a value. And it Kafka is not opinionated about the type of those things. I mean, they're internally there just bites So like maybe the key is a string and the value is also a string, but it's a blob of JSON or something like that that represents the temperature and the location and the humidity at the time, the smart thermostat pinged headquarters or whatever
So like maybe the key is a string and the value is also a string, but it's a blob of JSON or something like that that represents the temperature and the location and the humidity at the time, the smart thermostat pinged headquarters or whatever There is event, pardon me, there's notification plus state in an event. Okay. Yeah. And to Graham, technically, I don't even know why it's injured. Like, I know what I was doing, but it was nothing different than usual. And just, you know, welcome to my 50s. So an event is notification plus state
There is event, pardon me, there's notification plus state in an event. Okay. Yeah. And to Graham, technically, I don't even know why it's injured. Like, I know what I was doing, but it was nothing different than usual. And just, you know, welcome to my 50s. So an event is notification plus state And state is what happened. That part, cool, making sense
And state is what happened. That part, cool, making sense Notification is, I don't know why this is hard to conceptualize right now, but I get like a notification on your phone, but I'm not sure why it would be part of an event because wouldn't it just be like an event is just like a state taken as a piece of information multiple times? Yeah
Notification is, I don't know why this is hard to conceptualize right now, but I get like a notification on your phone, but I'm not sure why it would be part of an event because wouldn't it just be like an event is just like a state taken as a piece of information multiple times? Yeah And the ways that we manage them and the places that we put them and the software infrastructure, we kind of wrap around them, provides a mechanism for causing code to run when the event happens
And the ways that we manage them and the places that we put them and the software infrastructure, we kind of wrap around them, provides a mechanism for causing code to run when the event happens So, I mean, like a notification on your phone, the fact that that thing happened in the abstract and it's, you know, you had 22 cents of Apple cash deposited today or whatever, that's a good happy notification, right
So, I mean, like a notification on your phone, the fact that that thing happened in the abstract and it's, you know, you had 22 cents of Apple cash deposited today or whatever, that's a good happy notification, right I mean, that's just a fact and it's out there and there's a certain time when that's determination is made
I mean, that's just a fact and it's out there and there's a certain time when that's determination is made I don't have to know about it. It's still an event. But then there's a bunch of software that sends, you know, packet to my phone, a UDP, packet, data, data grams, my guess to my phone, and this thing happens and it wakes up and it puts a little thing on the display
I don't have to know about it. It's still an event. But then there's a bunch of software that sends, you know, packet to my phone, a UDP, packet, data, data grams, my guess to my phone, and this thing happens and it wakes up and it puts a little thing on the display So it does a thing to tell me that it happened. And similarly in say Kafka, events can be produced to a topic and maybe there's nobody consuming those events, you know, the tree is falling in the forest, there's no one around to hear it. There's still events. All right. Okay
So it does a thing to tell me that it happened. And similarly in say Kafka, events can be produced to a topic and maybe there's nobody consuming those events, you know, the tree is falling in the forest, there's no one around to hear it. There's still events. All right. Okay All right. Okay. So there's still be notifications, even if nobody seen them. Well, that's just it. There wouldn't really be a notification if they're just being put in the topic. They're just being stored and no one's going to know
All right. Okay. So there's still be notifications, even if nobody seen them. Well, that's just it. There wouldn't really be a notification if they're just being put in the topic. They're just being stored and no one's going to know Now if there's a consumer of that topic, if somebody's reading that topic and they're all signed up and connected and ready, when the next event happens, that consumer is going to go, oh, I have work to do and code is going to run
Now if there's a consumer of that topic, if somebody's reading that topic and they're all signed up and connected and ready, when the next event happens, that consumer is going to go, oh, I have work to do and code is going to run So there's a mechanism for that code to wake up when the event lands. If nobody's subscribed to the topic, are they still considered events? Yes. Yes
So there's a mechanism for that code to wake up when the event lands. If nobody's subscribed to the topic, are they still considered events? Yes. Yes Yes. So Kafka has a point of view on the question, if a tree falls in the forest and no one is around to hear it, did it still make a sound? Kafka's answer is yes. Kafka is not a radical empiricist with apologies to, I think his first name is George Barkley spelled Berkeley
Yes. So Kafka has a point of view on the question, if a tree falls in the forest and no one is around to hear it, did it still make a sound? Kafka's answer is yes. Kafka is not a radical empiricist with apologies to, I think his first name is George Barkley spelled Berkeley Anyway, so still an event doesn't have to be consumed, still an event. And so the notifications are for when it's consumed, but it is still creating the notifications, even though they're not going anywhere when someone's not consuming it. Yeah
Anyway, so still an event doesn't have to be consumed, still an event. And so the notifications are for when it's consumed, but it is still creating the notifications, even though they're not going anywhere when someone's not consuming it. Yeah Yeah. I mean, it's that you're still creating the message in the log and an event has still happened and has been logged. But if there are no subscribers to that topic, then the notifying part isn't happening, but it'll start happening as soon as there's a subscriber
Yeah. I mean, it's that you're still creating the message in the log and an event has still happened and has been logged. But if there are no subscribers to that topic, then the notifying part isn't happening, but it'll start happening as soon as there's a subscriber I feel like this is actually starting to make sense. Nice. Very weird. And thank you for going on this very random journey with me. I'm happy to do it. Cramwood. If a tree falls in a forest last week, events let you look back one week and hear the tree fall, it still happened. It happened
I feel like this is actually starting to make sense. Nice. Very weird. And thank you for going on this very random journey with me. I'm happy to do it. Cramwood. If a tree falls in a forest last week, events let you look back one week and hear the tree fall, it still happened. It happened It happened. You just get to know that. Yeah. I like that. Okay, cool. Thank you, because this was a big disconnect when we were finishing up last week. I didn't expect it to take this long, but thank you. I'm glad that we talked about it. This is important material
It happened. You just get to know that. Yeah. I like that. Okay, cool. Thank you, because this was a big disconnect when we were finishing up last week. I didn't expect it to take this long, but thank you. I'm glad that we talked about it. This is important material It is helpful because I've I had Luca on from Conflueans talk about Kafka and it a lot of what you're saying is starting to make her stream from a while ago, start to make more sense. Excellent. Still work through it. Cool. All right
It is helpful because I've I had Luca on from Conflueans talk about Kafka and it a lot of what you're saying is starting to make her stream from a while ago, start to make more sense. Excellent. Still work through it. Cool. All right Cool. All right. Well, do are we at a point where we actually get to talk about what we meant to talk about today? Let's let's do it. Let's do it. Robert, let's assume we have a longer retention period than a week
Cool. All right. Well, do are we at a point where we actually get to talk about what we meant to talk about today? Let's let's do it. Let's do it. Robert, let's assume we have a longer retention period than a week Yes, that's the default, but this is sort of the the the the epistemology of Kafka here. Okay
Yes, that's the default, but this is sort of the the the the epistemology of Kafka here. Okay Okay. Now, so we pivoted to this world where we love events and increasingly the the way we know things is that we have produced them to a Kafka topic for consumption by some other microservice in our in our system
Okay. Now, so we pivoted to this world where we love events and increasingly the the way we know things is that we have produced them to a Kafka topic for consumption by some other microservice in our in our system And so there's this direction in the event driven world to make the system of record be those event logs and to make our software be things that respond in real time to those events. Right. And we'll we'll pick up Pino here
And so there's this direction in the event driven world to make the system of record be those event logs and to make our software be things that respond in real time to those events. Right. And we'll we'll pick up Pino here We were talking at the very beginning about how the transition from mainframe to client server created this crisis in the way we understand what has happened. The reporting used to be a feature of our mainframe software because all the data was in one place, but now the data is in 20 places
We were talking at the very beginning about how the transition from mainframe to client server created this crisis in the way we understand what has happened. The reporting used to be a feature of our mainframe software because all the data was in one place, but now the data is in 20 places How do we have a complete picture? And so we had to create a whole new thing and that was data warehousing when that that modern era of analytics. Well, now that we've gone from client server to event driven instead of nice polite databases with our system of record, we've got these logs of events
How do we have a complete picture? And so we had to create a whole new thing and that was data warehousing when that that modern era of analytics. Well, now that we've gone from client server to event driven instead of nice polite databases with our system of record, we've got these logs of events And and this is a sliding scale. Okay. Not everybody is obsessive about topics being their system of record for everything, but there's this there's this tendency now. And and that is breaking the way we've been doing analytics
And and this is a sliding scale. Okay. Not everybody is obsessive about topics being their system of record for everything, but there's this there's this tendency now. And and that is breaking the way we've been doing analytics Because you could then extract those topics and dump them into a into a data lake, but that's not real time. Everything else we're doing is real time
Because you could then extract those topics and dump them into a into a data lake, but that's not real time. Everything else we're doing is real time And you you can't very well query those logs like we talked about in the role playing case, you're not just going to read through all the events ridiculous, right? They need to be somewhere where you can ask questions
And you you can't very well query those logs like we talked about in the role playing case, you're not just going to read through all the events ridiculous, right? They need to be somewhere where you can ask questions And that is why after creating Kafka, the folks that linked in a slightly different, but but nearby team created Apache Pino. So Pino is fundamentally a database. And I would like to spend we have 45 minutes right? We I mean up to you. I have more time than that, but yes. Okay
And that is why after creating Kafka, the folks that linked in a slightly different, but but nearby team created Apache Pino. So Pino is fundamentally a database. And I would like to spend we have 45 minutes right? We I mean up to you. I have more time than that, but yes. Okay Okay. Let me let me just look at how much time I have. I have. Oh, no, I have no. Okay. We have to till till 1245. It's like an hour. Okay. Good. We'll see what we do. Okay. Pino is a database. And Pino is a database designed to ingest event streams. We'll just say from Kafka
Okay. Let me let me just look at how much time I have. I have. Oh, no, I have no. Okay. We have to till till 1245. It's like an hour. Okay. Good. We'll see what we do. Okay. Pino is a database. And Pino is a database designed to ingest event streams. We'll just say from Kafka They don't have to be from Kafka. They can be from can use those are pulsar, but you know, concepts here. To ingest an event stream from Kafka and make those events queryable in a table like a regular database table. Now, before we get too far, Pino can ingest other things
They don't have to be from Kafka. They can be from can use those are pulsar, but you know, concepts here. To ingest an event stream from Kafka and make those events queryable in a table like a regular database table. Now, before we get too far, Pino can ingest other things If you've got a data lake, you know, gigantic terabytes of of parquet files in Amazon S3. Of course, you can ingest those two. It's it's not limited to Kafka, but let's just kind of keep going with this event discussion and say, how do I make those events queryable? That's what we're trying to do
If you've got a data lake, you know, gigantic terabytes of of parquet files in Amazon S3. Of course, you can ingest those two. It's it's not limited to Kafka, but let's just kind of keep going with this event discussion and say, how do I make those events queryable? That's what we're trying to do Really quick. Event stream is the same as event log. Yes, event stream is is just a almost more marketing way of saying event log or Kafka topic. Yeah. Cool. And Kafka, Kafka topic is the same. So like, it's a log. Yes, these are all synonyms. The topic is the the technical name
Really quick. Event stream is the same as event log. Yes, event stream is is just a almost more marketing way of saying event log or Kafka topic. Yeah. Cool. And Kafka, Kafka topic is the same. So like, it's a log. Yes, these are all synonyms. The topic is the the technical name If you look at like Kafka API documentation, it's a it's a topic. But fundamentally in terms of its structure as a data structure, it's a log and event stream is just a dorky way of saying that. Really quick. Who now we're going to see because learner just joined as well
If you look at like Kafka API documentation, it's a it's a topic. But fundamentally in terms of its structure as a data structure, it's a log and event stream is just a dorky way of saying that. Really quick. Who now we're going to see because learner just joined as well And I think it's a great point to do a very quick recap. Hi, learner. Glad you came and do it. It's late there. So okay, so far, we have gone through. Need trying to understand what an event is, which an event is a thing that happened
And I think it's a great point to do a very quick recap. Hi, learner. Glad you came and do it. It's late there. So okay, so far, we have gone through. Need trying to understand what an event is, which an event is a thing that happened And it could be we started talking about D&D and the expanse of RPG tabletop games as a way to understand them, which I really appreciate. Although I think grams way or like chess is a little easier for everyone to understand. But I wouldn't have gotten there at first
And it could be we started talking about D&D and the expanse of RPG tabletop games as a way to understand them, which I really appreciate. Although I think grams way or like chess is a little easier for everyone to understand. But I wouldn't have gotten there at first So every time you move your chess piece is an event. And if you want to take a snapshot of the board and come back later, like you're like, Hey, this chess match has taken two hours. I need to go eat. You take a snapshot of it. And that is the state of it. And an event you want to come in logs
So every time you move your chess piece is an event. And if you want to take a snapshot of the board and come back later, like you're like, Hey, this chess match has taken two hours. I need to go eat. You take a snapshot of it. And that is the state of it. And an event you want to come in logs So you keep track of all the events that happen. But it would be really annoying to read every single move somebody made to see where they're at now. So that's why you have a state. But an event is created by what just happened. So the state what just happened
So you keep track of all the events that happen. But it would be really annoying to read every single move somebody made to see where they're at now. So that's why you have a state. But an event is created by what just happened. So the state what just happened And then it creates a notification go, Yo, this thing just happened. And if nobody is looking at the event like if they're just going into a log, nobody's actually notified. Notifications are being made, but nobody's hearing it
And then it creates a notification go, Yo, this thing just happened. And if nobody is looking at the event like if they're just going into a log, nobody's actually notified. Notifications are being made, but nobody's hearing it But if somebody is subscribed to the Kafka topic or the stream or the law event logs, they will receive these notifications from Kafka. Yes. And Kafka is designed because it's like, you got all this events stuff
But if somebody is subscribed to the Kafka topic or the stream or the law event logs, they will receive these notifications from Kafka. Yes. And Kafka is designed because it's like, you got all this events stuff Now what are we going to do with it? And so far, we just started going into that it goes into Pino. So that way people can make a table to query because it is very difficult to query events. Yes, because event difficult query logs
Now what are we going to do with it? And so far, we just started going into that it goes into Pino. So that way people can make a table to query because it is very difficult to query events. Yes, because event difficult query logs And so if you want, if you want insight into what has happened, you want to understand what has happened. That's where Pino enters the chat. It's less about materializing the current state and more about creating insights into the things that have gone on in the role playing game
And so if you want, if you want insight into what has happened, you want to understand what has happened. That's where Pino enters the chat. It's less about materializing the current state and more about creating insights into the things that have gone on in the role playing game What percentage of the time does the belter your belter character decide to fire first when encountering the Martian Navy versus arrival belter clan versus the UN Navy? Thank you, Nick for rating. Yay, welcome everyone. And I did just do a recap right before this, which is kind of funny
What percentage of the time does the belter your belter character decide to fire first when encountering the Martian Navy versus arrival belter clan versus the UN Navy? Thank you, Nick for rating. Yay, welcome everyone. And I did just do a recap right before this, which is kind of funny But we're talking about Apache Pino in Kafka. That is how Kafka goes into Apache Pino in the fact of events and event logs. We just went over all of that. But if you hear mention of anything from Duchess of the Dragons or the Expans, that is how I was understanding events
But we're talking about Apache Pino in Kafka. That is how Kafka goes into Apache Pino in the fact of events and event logs. We just went over all of that. But if you hear mention of anything from Duchess of the Dragons or the Expans, that is how I was understanding events So I play the Expans, which is another tabletop game on Sundays. And that is why it really helped. And if you hear stuff about it, that is why. And all right, so learner learner said it's a little bit confusing how log files convert to a queryable structure
So I play the Expans, which is another tabletop game on Sundays. And that is why it really helped. And if you hear stuff about it, that is why. And all right, so learner learner said it's a little bit confusing how log files convert to a queryable structure Fair because all I've done so far is say that it happens. I haven't said anything about how. So it is appropriate to be confused about that. And then Robert is events are also about creating loosely coupled systems. And they should have schemas
Fair because all I've done so far is say that it happens. I haven't said anything about how. So it is appropriate to be confused about that. And then Robert is events are also about creating loosely coupled systems. And they should have schemas Oh, I feel like that is something that we should talk about at some point. Just to hear the way you would describe what's the difference between events or schemas databases and tables just because I want to start asking people that because I think it's kind of fun. Okay. And that is true. I agree
Oh, I feel like that is something that we should talk about at some point. Just to hear the way you would describe what's the difference between events or schemas databases and tables just because I want to start asking people that because I think it's kind of fun. Okay. And that is true. I agree I agree. And also putting that in chat is, and Robert, 100% knows this is a little bit like lighting a few is stepping away. I don't know. Nobody disagrees that they have should have schemas, Robert. That's not controversial
I agree. And also putting that in chat is, and Robert, 100% knows this is a little bit like lighting a few is stepping away. I don't know. Nobody disagrees that they have should have schemas, Robert. That's not controversial If you said, if you took a particular position on how they should be serialized or how the schemas should be managed, your how scheme of change should be negotiated, that would 100% be a troll, which I invite you to do. But let's let's not talk about schema yet
If you said, if you took a particular position on how they should be serialized or how the schemas should be managed, your how scheme of change should be negotiated, that would 100% be a troll, which I invite you to do. But let's let's not talk about schema yet I'm sure it'll come up in the next hour. So shall we Pino a little bit? I'm excited. Okay. Good. And it's not quite noon in civic time where I am. It's mountain time where you are. So you're at least after lunch. Technically, you know, no, it's not for me
I'm sure it'll come up in the next hour. So shall we Pino a little bit? I'm excited. Okay. Good. And it's not quite noon in civic time where I am. It's mountain time where you are. So you're at least after lunch. Technically, you know, no, it's not for me If I have alcohol a lunch time, that just means I fall asleep at 2 p.m. That's not good during the workday. I don't know how it works. It matters. It's like traveling. It matter like if I'm like, especially with my European counterparts, they a lot of them drink at lunch. And they're very active
If I have alcohol a lunch time, that just means I fall asleep at 2 p.m. That's not good during the workday. I don't know how it works. It matters. It's like traveling. It matter like if I'm like, especially with my European counterparts, they a lot of them drink at lunch. And they're very active You're walking everywhere. We're in the space. You don't do that as much. Yeah. No, no, there's parts of the world where it's completely normal in the US these days. I mean, 50 years ago, I guess it was normal, but you drink at lunch now
You're walking everywhere. We're in the space. You don't do that as much. Yeah. No, no, there's parts of the world where it's completely normal in the US these days. I mean, 50 years ago, I guess it was normal, but you drink at lunch now People are like, are you okay? But no, there are maybe geographies where that's less of an issue. I should live there. Okay. All right. Graham. No. All right. Can I, yeah, when I say Pino, I mean noir. Sometimes in US restaurants, this rarely happens
People are like, are you okay? But no, there are maybe geographies where that's less of an issue. I should live there. Okay. All right. Graham. No. All right. Can I, yeah, when I say Pino, I mean noir. Sometimes in US restaurants, this rarely happens If you just say Pino, they expect you mean noir every once in a while. Somebody will bring me a grigio. I'm like, did you just tell me to go screw myself? I think you did. Yeah
If you just say Pino, they expect you mean noir every once in a while. Somebody will bring me a grigio. I'm like, did you just tell me to go screw myself? I think you did. Yeah Yeah. I for some reason didn't realize that a Pino grigio, like I always heard it together that I always thought they were like one word where like Pino noir, I hear noir, can those ones consider to Pino just like by itself? And yeah. Now let's talk about how to be a database
Yeah. I for some reason didn't realize that a Pino grigio, like I always heard it together that I always thought they were like one word where like Pino noir, I hear noir, can those ones consider to Pino just like by itself? And yeah. Now let's talk about how to be a database Right? There's, there's, there's just a lot of decisions you have to make. And I want to kind of walk through this tree and sort of dissect things and walk through the path that Pino took to arrive at being a database based on its goals. It wanted to be a real time analytics database
Right? There's, there's, there's just a lot of decisions you have to make. And I want to kind of walk through this tree and sort of dissect things and walk through the path that Pino took to arrive at being a database based on its goals. It wanted to be a real time analytics database So you start off with this decision tree that I'm suggesting here. You kind of wanted to side up front what you're doing, right? Because like Kafka is is keeping track of things that happen. Mhm. A database like Postgres is kind of keeping track of things. It's remembering things
So you start off with this decision tree that I'm suggesting here. You kind of wanted to side up front what you're doing, right? Because like Kafka is is keeping track of things that happen. Mhm. A database like Postgres is kind of keeping track of things. It's remembering things It's, it's best at state, right? What's the current state of things? Right. But if your goal is to understand what has happened, not remember it, not just get the current state of the board, but to get insight into what has happened. That is what you're doing as an analytics database
It's, it's best at state, right? What's the current state of things? Right. But if your goal is to understand what has happened, not remember it, not just get the current state of the board, but to get insight into what has happened. That is what you're doing as an analytics database And that is going to impact the way we store data. The, the, the, the way we organize it on disk, the way we think about indexes, there's just all kinds of, all kinds of things that are going to happen. So, um, I'm just, I'm just trying to think of the, I know how I want to do this
And that is going to impact the way we store data. The, the, the, the way we organize it on disk, the way we think about indexes, there's just all kinds of, all kinds of things that are going to happen. So, um, I'm just, I'm just trying to think of the, I know how I want to do this I'm just pausing to think about the smartest, least confusing way. Um, you're doing better than me. I mean, distracted really trying to get my iPad to work again
I'm just pausing to think about the smartest, least confusing way. Um, you're doing better than me. I mean, distracted really trying to get my iPad to work again Well, I'm just giving you giving you a minute to think now, um, imagine I am Pino and I'm ingesting messages from Kafka, these events from Kafka, right? My whole goal is to read in all these events and make them queryable
Well, I'm just giving you giving you a minute to think now, um, imagine I am Pino and I'm ingesting messages from Kafka, these events from Kafka, right? My whole goal is to read in all these events and make them queryable Now, um, um, um, the way that works is, uh, and I'm, I'm going to make this, I'm going to make an oversimplification. So, if you know how Pino works and it sounds like I'm leaving some things out, I absolutely am
Now, um, um, um, the way that works is, uh, and I'm, I'm going to make this, I'm going to make an oversimplification. So, if you know how Pino works and it sounds like I'm leaving some things out, I absolutely am I've got these events coming in from somewhere, from Kafka, from a file, I don't know, from somewhere. Um, I'm going to write them into a thing that I'm going to store on disk called a segment. Okay. Yep, I'm going to write them into a segment
I've got these events coming in from somewhere, from Kafka, from a file, I don't know, from somewhere. Um, I'm going to write them into a thing that I'm going to store on disk called a segment. Okay. Yep, I'm going to write them into a segment Uh, and that segment, a bunch of those segments are going to make up a thing called a table. So if I'm reading data in, that data is going to go into a table just like any database table you ever thought of, it's got rows and columns. Pino is a database that uses tables with rows and columns
Uh, and that segment, a bunch of those segments are going to make up a thing called a table. So if I'm reading data in, that data is going to go into a table just like any database table you ever thought of, it's got rows and columns. Pino is a database that uses tables with rows and columns It's super simple. Um, and as I'm reading that data in, I'm going to create these things on locally attached storage called segments. Those are just chunks of the table. And the reason I want to break my table up into segments is because I'm Pino is a distributed database
It's super simple. Um, and as I'm reading that data in, I'm going to create these things on locally attached storage called segments. Those are just chunks of the table. And the reason I want to break my table up into segments is because I'm Pino is a distributed database Just like that thing happened 15 years ago, almost put the big data revolution where we decided to make all of our things distributed. Pino lives in that tradition. So, uh, an actual, you know, Pino database is this big cluster of lots of machines
Just like that thing happened 15 years ago, almost put the big data revolution where we decided to make all of our things distributed. Pino lives in that tradition. So, uh, an actual, you know, Pino database is this big cluster of lots of machines So I have to break my tables up into lots of these, we'll just call them files called segments. Okay. Makes sense? Yeah. Okay. I want to, I want to back up a little bit because I, I um, I have a presentation where I do this in this order
So I have to break my tables up into lots of these, we'll just call them files called segments. Okay. Makes sense? Yeah. Okay. I want to, I want to back up a little bit because I, I um, I have a presentation where I do this in this order And I'm just trying to remember what that, what order is that looking at the slides. But fundamentally, I'm ingesting data and I'm ingesting it into a table
And I'm just trying to remember what that, what order is that looking at the slides. But fundamentally, I'm ingesting data and I'm ingesting it into a table So whether it's messages coming in from Kafka, stuff coming in from a file on disk, files out in S3, whatever, I'm bringing them in and I'm putting them into a table. And that table has a schema and that schema is just the column names and the types of the columns. Okay. Good so far? Yes. Okay
So whether it's messages coming in from Kafka, stuff coming in from a file on disk, files out in S3, whatever, I'm bringing them in and I'm putting them into a table. And that table has a schema and that schema is just the column names and the types of the columns. Okay. Good so far? Yes. Okay Okay. And the way we store that data, since we've decided to be a distributed database, we have to store it in little chunks or the big chunks really. But these big chunks called segments
Okay. And the way we store that data, since we've decided to be a distributed database, we have to store it in little chunks or the big chunks really. But these big chunks called segments And now I'm going to get to decide to distribute those segments over lots of different servers that make up my Peno cluster. So my one table that I've got might be enormous, right? It might be petabytes of data. So I'm going to need lots and lots of machines to hold all that
And now I'm going to get to decide to distribute those segments over lots of different servers that make up my Peno cluster. So my one table that I've got might be enormous, right? It might be petabytes of data. So I'm going to need lots and lots of machines to hold all that And it's going to be broken up into these segments that are living over all these machines all over the cluster. Let you write that down and I want you to ask questions because I feel like I'm not being entirely clear yet. Like, okay
And it's going to be broken up into these segments that are living over all these machines all over the cluster. Let you write that down and I want you to ask questions because I feel like I'm not being entirely clear yet. Like, okay Like, okay. So the data and I'm going to simplify it as well in because I'm not there yet. You take, I'm going to say again, we've said enough in the stream. If somebody comes at us, I'm going to have to tell them back off because I'm learning and I need to learn Kafka too
Like, okay. So the data and I'm going to simplify it as well in because I'm not there yet. You take, I'm going to say again, we've said enough in the stream. If somebody comes at us, I'm going to have to tell them back off because I'm learning and I need to learn Kafka too So I'm going to stick with Kafka. So you get Kafka events. And so when you say messages just for clarification, I know Kafka can do like, like text messages, like, I mean, I mean the same thing. I mean, event and message are said. It's like, this is like reading Lord of the rings. You're like, L.S
So I'm going to stick with Kafka. So you get Kafka events. And so when you say messages just for clarification, I know Kafka can do like, like text messages, like, I mean, I mean the same thing. I mean, event and message are said. It's like, this is like reading Lord of the rings. You're like, L.S You're like, L.S.R. Who's L.S.R.? Well, that's the same as strider. Who stride? Well, that's Erragorn. You know, I'm sorry. I'm using. Cool. No problem. That's why I'm so data in. We're just going to say data in and then it goes into Pino and it creates a table
You're like, L.S.R. Who's L.S.R.? Well, that's the same as strider. Who stride? Well, that's Erragorn. You know, I'm sorry. I'm using. Cool. No problem. That's why I'm so data in. We're just going to say data in and then it goes into Pino and it creates a table I know I'm skipping some stuff, but I'm where I'll build on it. No, this is good. It creates a table, which the schema itself for the tables, just give it the column name and the data type that go into the table. Yes, that's what we mean by schema, those column names and data types. Yeah
I know I'm skipping some stuff, but I'm where I'll build on it. No, this is good. It creates a table, which the schema itself for the tables, just give it the column name and the data type that go into the table. Yes, that's what we mean by schema, those column names and data types. Yeah Yeah. Okay, cool. But this table is just like so giant with the amount of data in it. Potentially. That's really like so much stuff because for some reason, in my mind, I think it was confirmed at one point, but don't quote me on this. In my head, Vonage, because they do SMS messaging, uses Kafka
Yeah. Okay, cool. But this table is just like so giant with the amount of data in it. Potentially. That's really like so much stuff because for some reason, in my mind, I think it was confirmed at one point, but don't quote me on this. In my head, Vonage, because they do SMS messaging, uses Kafka In my head, that's what they do. On a very large scale. I'm saying I have no idea, but in my head, that's what they do. So, but they have so many messages, like actual text messages everywhere
In my head, that's what they do. On a very large scale. I'm saying I have no idea, but in my head, that's what they do. So, but they have so many messages, like actual text messages everywhere It's way too much to have in one area that they have to have different segments, which have all of the data all over the world in different areas because it's so much data. And that is what segments are is when they have it in like different data centers
It's way too much to have in one area that they have to have different segments, which have all of the data all over the world in different areas because it's so much data. And that is what segments are is when they have it in like different data centers You added a thing that I, it sounded like you had added. So Pino is still assuming that it lives in one data center. So it's not like parts of the cluster in one data center and parts in another. It's all of the nodes of the cluster are close to each other and have low latency between each other
You added a thing that I, it sounded like you had added. So Pino is still assuming that it lives in one data center. So it's not like parts of the cluster in one data center and parts in another. It's all of the nodes of the cluster are close to each other and have low latency between each other But we could still have 100, 200, maybe just 10, maybe 20, whatever servers that are storing all those segments. We're assuming that it's too much for one machine. Okay. And learner, I'm going to, you're asking perfect questions. We're going to get to those in just a few. So keep going
But we could still have 100, 200, maybe just 10, maybe 20, whatever servers that are storing all those segments. We're assuming that it's too much for one machine. Okay. And learner, I'm going to, you're asking perfect questions. We're going to get to those in just a few. So keep going So keep going. I'm thinking I'm picking up what you're putting down. Okay. All right, shall I kind of go to learner's questions? Yeah, do it. And sorry guys, I try to get my iPad working so you could actually see the notes I'm taking to like put a visual to this stuff, but it's not going to happen
So keep going. I'm thinking I'm picking up what you're putting down. Okay. All right, shall I kind of go to learner's questions? Yeah, do it. And sorry guys, I try to get my iPad working so you could actually see the notes I'm taking to like put a visual to this stuff, but it's not going to happen So after the move. All right. So as learner says in simple words, it's just loading into some DB tables, but the schema format is pre-decided like relation model. Yes. So the actual creating of the table requires you to specify the schema and some other metadata
So after the move. All right. So as learner says in simple words, it's just loading into some DB tables, but the schema format is pre-decided like relation model. Yes. So the actual creating of the table requires you to specify the schema and some other metadata You actually do that with the JSON file. Pino uses SQL, but didn't bother with a bloated create table options blah, blah, blah, sort of thing. It's it's somewhat more manageable JSON format. So yes, you have to know the schema first
You actually do that with the JSON file. Pino uses SQL, but didn't bother with a bloated create table options blah, blah, blah, sort of thing. It's it's somewhat more manageable JSON format. So yes, you have to know the schema first And of course, you can change that over time schema, always mutates, but yeah, that's pre-decided. We can make the table. And next one. So we're bashe loading messages, but over some small time frame. Now, I'm going to say that batch is a is a very difficult word
And of course, you can change that over time schema, always mutates, but yeah, that's pre-decided. We can make the table. And next one. So we're bashe loading messages, but over some small time frame. Now, I'm going to say that batch is a is a very difficult word Now, if you have static data, like your example, some CSV or massive pile of parquet files in s3 or something like that, right? And you want to load that into a Pino table
Now, if you have static data, like your example, some CSV or massive pile of parquet files in s3 or something like that, right? And you want to load that into a Pino table Well, then yes, there's a worker that's going to ingest that file and spit out a segment when it's got enough, you know, say, well, here's 500 megabytes of stuff. I'm going to call that a segment. So that is in that sense, batched. I've got the static pile of batch data
Well, then yes, there's a worker that's going to ingest that file and spit out a segment when it's got enough, you know, say, well, here's 500 megabytes of stuff. I'm going to call that a segment. So that is in that sense, batched. I've got the static pile of batch data And I emit segments in, you know, say 500 megabyte pieces or something like that. So that would be batched over some small time frame. If it's streaming data, so if it's a so-called real-time table ingesting data from Kafka, there is absolutely no batching
And I emit segments in, you know, say 500 megabyte pieces or something like that. So that would be batched over some small time frame. If it's streaming data, so if it's a so-called real-time table ingesting data from Kafka, there is absolutely no batching So when Pino and again, skipping ahead over a lot of stuff here, Pino is a native Kafka consumer. So if you know Kafka, there's no Kafka connect going on here or anything. It is its own Kafka consumer
So when Pino and again, skipping ahead over a lot of stuff here, Pino is a native Kafka consumer. So if you know Kafka, there's no Kafka connect going on here or anything. It is its own Kafka consumer And when it consumes a message, when it has successfully consumed a message and the offset advances from the Kafka topic, that message is queryable. So it has been ingested into the table and will show up in the next result, if the next result selects that record
And when it consumes a message, when it has successfully consumed a message and the offset advances from the Kafka topic, that message is queryable. So it has been ingested into the table and will show up in the next result, if the next result selects that record So in a sense, batching when you're reading batch data, when you're reading streaming data, there's no batching in any sense. And I'm just... And that was skipping way ahead. So you can come back to that if you want to get that question the table there
So in a sense, batching when you're reading batch data, when you're reading streaming data, there's no batching in any sense. And I'm just... And that was skipping way ahead. So you can come back to that if you want to get that question the table there Yeah, learners said thank you for making it simple. I agree with that. The only thing that I was going to verify is because so many words are like the same word, but different
Yeah, learners said thank you for making it simple. I agree with that. The only thing that I was going to verify is because so many words are like the same word, but different When we're talking about streaming data, it is just the event stream or the Kafka topic or the log or the event log or a message. All the same thing. So event streaming as well. I'm literally writing these all down because they're all the same, yet different
When we're talking about streaming data, it is just the event stream or the Kafka topic or the log or the event log or a message. All the same thing. So event streaming as well. I'm literally writing these all down because they're all the same, yet different And especially with where I work with Ivan, it's like people use them so interchangeably that I'm always like, I'm so lost. But if I start documenting them, it really is just as bad as Lord of the Rings where characters have five names and you just have to know
And especially with where I work with Ivan, it's like people use them so interchangeably that I'm always like, I'm so lost. But if I start documenting them, it really is just as bad as Lord of the Rings where characters have five names and you just have to know But other than that, I just follow along. I'm quite excited. Good question, Senator. We're somehow ingesting data whether it's a batch source or a streaming source
But other than that, I just follow along. I'm quite excited. Good question, Senator. We're somehow ingesting data whether it's a batch source or a streaming source We're going to just not care for now into this table, which has a defined schema and is broken up into segments and those segments live in... I've been saying to word server. That's actually the name of a Pino component
We're going to just not care for now into this table, which has a defined schema and is broken up into segments and those segments live in... I've been saying to word server. That's actually the name of a Pino component So a Pino cluster is composed of servers, brokers, a controller, a zookeeper, and minion workers, and the server, unfortunately, you know, kind of means computer. But in the Pino sense, it's the component of the cluster that holds the segments. So it's where the data lives. Okay, that makes sense
So a Pino cluster is composed of servers, brokers, a controller, a zookeeper, and minion workers, and the server, unfortunately, you know, kind of means computer. But in the Pino sense, it's the component of the cluster that holds the segments. So it's where the data lives. Okay, that makes sense Everything you said after that? No. Okay, we'll get there. Cool. We're making a Pino table. We're ingesting data. We're emitting segments. These segments live on this distributed cluster. Let's say our cluster has 10 servers
Everything you said after that? No. Okay, we'll get there. Cool. We're making a Pino table. We're ingesting data. We're emitting segments. These segments live on this distributed cluster. Let's say our cluster has 10 servers And so as we create segments, they will be allocated to balanced among those 10 servers. Good so far? A server is a cluster of... Is a component of a cluster. So there's one machine
And so as we create segments, they will be allocated to balanced among those 10 servers. Good so far? A server is a cluster of... Is a component of a cluster. So there's one machine You know, visually, because these things are just abstractions in the cloud now, right? But visually, it helps me to think of an actual data center with actual... This is a little bit old-timey, but, you know, rack mount machines. Yeah, prepare metal. You make it, yeah, make it super concrete
You know, visually, because these things are just abstractions in the cloud now, right? But visually, it helps me to think of an actual data center with actual... This is a little bit old-timey, but, you know, rack mount machines. Yeah, prepare metal. You make it, yeah, make it super concrete And think there are 10 of those one rack unit things with Blinky lights and they say Dell on the front, and they're labeled Pino server. And that's where this data we're ingesting actually gets written into SSDs on those Pino servers. Okay. Yeah. I've yes enough. Enough yes for me. Yes
And think there are 10 of those one rack unit things with Blinky lights and they say Dell on the front, and they're labeled Pino server. And that's where this data we're ingesting actually gets written into SSDs on those Pino servers. Okay. Yeah. I've yes enough. Enough yes for me. Yes Yes. And I'm going to take it and learn another question like a load balance now for a data center. Yes, except not the NA part. There's in open source Apache Pino storage is locally attached. So if you have a segment that is active and can be queried, it is on an SSD on a server
Yes. And I'm going to take it and learn another question like a load balance now for a data center. Yes, except not the NA part. There's in open source Apache Pino storage is locally attached. So if you have a segment that is active and can be queried, it is on an SSD on a server It's not on a network attached device. It's right there, which gets us to the next thing that's going on, which is queries, right? Okay. It's nice to store that data, but what about when we query it, right? So queries get sent to those servers
It's not on a network attached device. It's right there, which gets us to the next thing that's going on, which is queries, right? Okay. It's nice to store that data, but what about when we query it, right? So queries get sent to those servers We don't know how yet, but they just, they they they land and these are just regular old SQL queries. And that server has parts of the table, right? The table is broken up into all these segments. Maybe our table has 100 segments. 10 of those are going to be on this server
We don't know how yet, but they just, they they they land and these are just regular old SQL queries. And that server has parts of the table, right? The table is broken up into all these segments. Maybe our table has 100 segments. 10 of those are going to be on this server So whatever parts of that query have data that live in some of those 10 segments, this server that has those 10 segments can execute those parts of the query. It can deal with the rows basically of the table that it has because not every server in the cluster has every row of the table since there
So whatever parts of that query have data that live in some of those 10 segments, this server that has those 10 segments can execute those parts of the query. It can deal with the rows basically of the table that it has because not every server in the cluster has every row of the table since there There the rows are written to segments and the segments live on different servers. Makes sense? So you can or cannot query for all the segments. You definitely can and we'll we'll get to that. So we're still in the world of this one little server here
There the rows are written to segments and the segments live on different servers. Makes sense? So you can or cannot query for all the segments. You definitely can and we'll we'll get to that. So we're still in the world of this one little server here And somebody sends this poor little server SQL query and it says, well, I definitely have these rows. I'm just going to execute that on the little part of the table that I have and come up with the result that I can come up with. That's what that server does. That's not a complete answer yet
And somebody sends this poor little server SQL query and it says, well, I definitely have these rows. I'm just going to execute that on the little part of the table that I have and come up with the result that I can come up with. That's what that server does. That's not a complete answer yet So we need to add some things to the picture. Kind of like alphabetical when you old records, they only have a through D. I can give you a through D. Best I can do a through D like the pawn shop show. Best I can do M through P. Sorry. That's all I got. Okay. Yes. Yes. And so it'll do that
So we need to add some things to the picture. Kind of like alphabetical when you old records, they only have a through D. I can give you a through D. Best I can do a through D like the pawn shop show. Best I can do M through P. Sorry. That's all I got. Okay. Yes. Yes. And so it'll do that Calculate that average or whatever it is there. Because remember, we're doing analytics queries. So they're going to be things like averages and minnes and maxes and stuff. Okay
Calculate that average or whatever it is there. Because remember, we're doing analytics queries. So they're going to be things like averages and minnes and maxes and stuff. Okay Okay. So how do you bring all that together? Now you got these servers, which have these segments and everything's all split up. Well, there's another component in the Pino cluster. And it's called a broker. Not to be confused with a Kafka broker. That is a different distributed system
Okay. So how do you bring all that together? Now you got these servers, which have these segments and everything's all split up. Well, there's another component in the Pino cluster. And it's called a broker. Not to be confused with a Kafka broker. That is a different distributed system So if anybody's thinking Kafka brokers push that to the side, this is a component of a Pino cluster called a broker. Okay. Now when I am an application and I have a query, I don't know anything about servers or segments
So if anybody's thinking Kafka brokers push that to the side, this is a component of a Pino cluster called a broker. Okay. Now when I am an application and I have a query, I don't know anything about servers or segments It's interesting for us to talk about in thinking about how a system like this works. But I can't know that. I'm there's data and I have SQL and I need a result and I need it 50 milliseconds from now. So I'm going to send that to my Pino cluster
It's interesting for us to talk about in thinking about how a system like this works. But I can't know that. I'm there's data and I have SQL and I need a result and I need it 50 milliseconds from now. So I'm going to send that to my Pino cluster I don't know anything about servers or anything, which means a broker. So I'm going to send that query to a broker. That broker is going to look at the query and it knows enough about my table to know. Okay. I know you're going to need these 17 segments to answer that query
I don't know anything about servers or anything, which means a broker. So I'm going to send that query to a broker. That broker is going to look at the query and it knows enough about my table to know. Okay. I know you're going to need these 17 segments to answer that query The broker is going to know where those segments are. I'm never going to know that as an application developer. So learner, yes, you know the address that you are posting your query to is what you're doing. So assume we're using the rest interface here. I'm just posting a query to an address
The broker is going to know where those segments are. I'm never going to know that as an application developer. So learner, yes, you know the address that you are posting your query to is what you're doing. So assume we're using the rest interface here. I'm just posting a query to an address That's a broker. That broker is going to know, I need these 17 segments. They're on these three servers. So it's going to take that query and send them to those three servers. Those three servers are going to work on it at the same time
That's a broker. That broker is going to know, I need these 17 segments. They're on these three servers. So it's going to take that query and send them to those three servers. Those three servers are going to work on it at the same time Right? So it's not just about scaling storage, but we scale compute. Also, I've got three machines working on that query in parallel and say we're calculating an average. Each one of those machines will calculate their average. Send them back to the broker
Right? So it's not just about scaling storage, but we scale compute. Also, I've got three machines working on that query in parallel and say we're calculating an average. Each one of those machines will calculate their average. Send them back to the broker The broker will gather those results together. Basically, in this case, average the averages and I have my answer. Okay. So all of that makes sense. Something I don't think I wrote down right is a segment is a component of a server? A segment is a thing stored on a server
The broker will gather those results together. Basically, in this case, average the averages and I have my answer. Okay. So all of that makes sense. Something I don't think I wrote down right is a segment is a component of a server? A segment is a thing stored on a server So the job of a server is to store table segments and to do the compute involved in processing queries. So segments are kind of the real heroes of the cluster. They're the ones doing the work. They store the data. They get the query. They do the actual scanning, filtering, sorting, reducing
So the job of a server is to store table segments and to do the compute involved in processing queries. So segments are kind of the real heroes of the cluster. They're the ones doing the work. They store the data. They get the query. They do the actual scanning, filtering, sorting, reducing Brokers help do the scattering and the gathering. Brokers help say, all right, this is the query which servers do I need to get involved? And when I get the results back, how do I unify those several results into one? Okay. Yeah. And learner, the terminology is tough because server
Brokers help do the scattering and the gathering. Brokers help say, all right, this is the query which servers do I need to get involved? And when I get the results back, how do I unify those several results into one? Okay. Yeah. And learner, the terminology is tough because server That's so ambiguous. That's the words that we use in PNL. Brokers help work to straight the server. That's right. Yeah. That makes sense. What you were saying about the broker made sense to me, but the server, so a segment is a component of the server now. Yeah
That's so ambiguous. That's the words that we use in PNL. Brokers help work to straight the server. That's right. Yeah. That makes sense. What you were saying about the broker made sense to me, but the server, so a segment is a component of the server now. Yeah Yeah. I'd say a segment is a thing stored on a server. It's just stored on a server. Okay. And then what are the other parts of a server, the broker? No, broker is a separate box
Yeah. I'd say a segment is a thing stored on a server. It's just stored on a server. Okay. And then what are the other parts of a server, the broker? No, broker is a separate box So if you're drawing the diagram, usually you draw a few server boxes along the bottom, right? And then up here you'd have a few broker boxes, and the brokers are talking to the servers. Okay
So if you're drawing the diagram, usually you draw a few server boxes along the bottom, right? And then up here you'd have a few broker boxes, and the brokers are talking to the servers. Okay Okay. I'm going to go back and rewatch that because it's making sense, but it's not making sense and I'm kind of stuck on it, but that's okay. That happens. I can send you a picture. Okay. Cool. Is there a convenient way to, I don't have it on on any more of these things. Yeah
Okay. I'm going to go back and rewatch that because it's making sense, but it's not making sense and I'm kind of stuck on it, but that's okay. That happens. I can send you a picture. Okay. Cool. Is there a convenient way to, I don't have it on on any more of these things. Yeah Yeah. I'll send you a picture later. Okay. And I'll clean up my notes so we can share them afterwards. And what about Maddie? Hey, look, it's my bus. Hey, hi, Matt. Can I, wait, can I share? I can share. Yeah. Yeah. Okay
Yeah. I'll send you a picture later. Okay. And I'll clean up my notes so we can share them afterwards. And what about Maddie? Hey, look, it's my bus. Hey, hi, Matt. Can I, wait, can I share? I can share. Yeah. Yeah. Okay Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Ever since I had my computer fixed two, three weeks ago, Alfred is just not indexing things properly. And that makes me sad. So, all right, let me real quick like present your screen. Of course, if it's going to require me to quit, and I'm not going to do that. Sorry. Okay
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Ever since I had my computer fixed two, three weeks ago, Alfred is just not indexing things properly. And that makes me sad. So, all right, let me real quick like present your screen. Of course, if it's going to require me to quit, and I'm not going to do that. Sorry. Okay Sorry. Okay. Chrome. I did, I had my computer serviced and all the permissions are reset and things. So I'd have to quit and come back in so I don't, it would be too disruptive. I don't want to do it. Okay. Alfred is a Mac application launcher and it's treating me very badly
Sorry. Okay. Chrome. I did, I had my computer serviced and all the permissions are reset and things. So I'd have to quit and come back in so I don't, it would be too disruptive. I don't want to do it. Okay. Alfred is a Mac application launcher and it's treating me very badly So anyway, I'll send you a picture later. Okay. Thank you. Let's get out of the architecture. I mean, I think that's interesting and it's helpful to see how how a distributed database is set up. But there's some other really interesting decisions that a database has to make
So anyway, I'll send you a picture later. Okay. Thank you. Let's get out of the architecture. I mean, I think that's interesting and it's helpful to see how how a distributed database is set up. But there's some other really interesting decisions that a database has to make If you look at the the things Pino had to do. Okay. It had to ingest event data from Kafka streaming data from Kafka. And the whole idea like we talked about last week in real-time analytics is is not that we're updating a dashboard every 15 minutes
If you look at the the things Pino had to do. Okay. It had to ingest event data from Kafka streaming data from Kafka. And the whole idea like we talked about last week in real-time analytics is is not that we're updating a dashboard every 15 minutes But people are doing things in an application, tapping on controls, entering searches, you know, stuff like this, and they're expecting results synchronously. And they don't wait very long
But people are doing things in an application, tapping on controls, entering searches, you know, stuff like this, and they're expecting results synchronously. And they don't wait very long And so I need to be able to hit this database with potentially very large amounts of data and get a result in what I am calling quote unquote real time. And real time just means fast enough that I'll wait for it and not think the app is broken. That's that's how I'm defining real time. Okay
And so I need to be able to hit this database with potentially very large amounts of data and get a result in what I am calling quote unquote real time. And real time just means fast enough that I'll wait for it and not think the app is broken. That's that's how I'm defining real time. Okay Okay. And I actually like that definition. It's just mine, you know, but when we say when I say real-time analytics, I mean you can show it to a user and it doesn't look broken. So, you know, 10 seconds to spin up a spark job and go get a query, get a result and get it back. That's not real time
Okay. And I actually like that definition. It's just mine, you know, but when we say when I say real-time analytics, I mean you can show it to a user and it doesn't look broken. So, you know, 10 seconds to spin up a spark job and go get a query, get a result and get it back. That's not real time I'm not going to wait. You know, so maybe 50, 100 milliseconds, something like that. And some people have more stringent requirements. There are some like, you know, 15, 20 milliseconds, P90 latencies that I've seen, which is insane
I'm not going to wait. You know, so maybe 50, 100 milliseconds, something like that. And some people have more stringent requirements. There are some like, you know, 15, 20 milliseconds, P90 latencies that I've seen, which is insane But it's fast, right? And so being a database designed to work over all this amount of data and run that fast and and be an analytics database affects the way certain other decisions are made. And I think it's worth it to talk through a little bit of this
But it's fast, right? And so being a database designed to work over all this amount of data and run that fast and and be an analytics database affects the way certain other decisions are made. And I think it's worth it to talk through a little bit of this In your own database journey, because it's been helpful for me in the last year to think through some of this stuff. So, for example, if you're an analytics database, you are often interested in many things in a single query
In your own database journey, because it's been helpful for me in the last year to think through some of this stuff. So, for example, if you're an analytics database, you are often interested in many things in a single query So, I probably let's go with my smart thermostat example, but I always like to go back to it, right? I've got 10 million smart thermostats of the certain type in the United States. They report back at temperature every minute. And I want to compute an average in, you know, between 1 and 2 p.m
So, I probably let's go with my smart thermostat example, but I always like to go back to it, right? I've got 10 million smart thermostats of the certain type in the United States. They report back at temperature every minute. And I want to compute an average in, you know, between 1 and 2 p.mm. in the 8002 area code of all those sensors, right? Okay. So, there's a lot of them. There's a measurement every minute. There's a lot of sensors in in our Vata. We'll assume. I've got, you know, successful smart thermostat. And so, I am scanning lots of those numbers
m. in the 8002 area code of all those sensors, right? Okay. So, there's a lot of them. There's a measurement every minute. There's a lot of sensors in in our Vata. We'll assume. I've got, you know, successful smart thermostat. And so, I am scanning lots of those numbers That query is interested in lots of numbers. And I want to average them, okay? That's an analytics query. A transactional query might be something like somebody just set up a new smart thermostat. And I need to insert a row into a table of all my smart thermostats. Right
That query is interested in lots of numbers. And I want to average them, okay? That's an analytics query. A transactional query might be something like somebody just set up a new smart thermostat. And I need to insert a row into a table of all my smart thermostats. Right Right. Or somebody is running the app and is trying to remember, what did I call the thermostat in the kitchen? And they want to look at the record for that app. So, I need to go look up that, that, that one record
Right. Or somebody is running the app and is trying to remember, what did I call the thermostat in the kitchen? And they want to look at the record for that app. So, I need to go look up that, that, that one record So, on the transactional side of the world, and there's broadly the two categories of databases, our transactional analytics, on the transactional side of the world, I'm usually interested in this one thing. I'm creating a thing. I'm looking at a thing. I'm changing a thing. I'm deleting a thing
So, on the transactional side of the world, and there's broadly the two categories of databases, our transactional analytics, on the transactional side of the world, I'm usually interested in this one thing. I'm creating a thing. I'm looking at a thing. I'm changing a thing. I'm deleting a thing We talked about CRUD last week. Create, read, update, delete of one thing. In analytics, I'm probably interested in all these things. And I want to scan lots of results and compute, say, an average of numbers. You know, reduce that to a single number. Make, make sense so far. Yes. So, yes
We talked about CRUD last week. Create, read, update, delete of one thing. In analytics, I'm probably interested in all these things. And I want to scan lots of results and compute, say, an average of numbers. You know, reduce that to a single number. Make, make sense so far. Yes. So, yes Yes. So, yes. And I want to go through this point. Two questions you have. Do everyone go from here? It's my last kind of interesting little piece of database architecture. If you look inside a segment, right? We had segments. We're creating segments as, as we're ingesting data constantly
Yes. So, yes. And I want to go through this point. Two questions you have. Do everyone go from here? It's my last kind of interesting little piece of database architecture. If you look inside a segment, right? We had segments. We're creating segments as, as we're ingesting data constantly Our assumption would be that I get an event from Kafka. Let me just, oh, look at this. Finally got it working. Sorry. I mean, we're working really hard to, I didn't hit the right button. That was me. I meant to click the hide, but we got it working. We got it working. Okay
Our assumption would be that I get an event from Kafka. Let me just, oh, look at this. Finally got it working. Sorry. I mean, we're working really hard to, I didn't hit the right button. That was me. I meant to click the hide, but we got it working. We got it working. Okay Okay. So when you're ingesting data, your assumption might be, I'm just going to write that data. I've got that event and it's got fields and values and stuff. I'm just going to write that into my segment
Okay. So when you're ingesting data, your assumption might be, I'm just going to write that data. I've got that event and it's got fields and values and stuff. I'm just going to write that into my segment And so I have a list of these events, right? Well, that's what you would do if you were a transactional database. You'd want to write your whole thing, your whole row in one place. Right. Interestingly, analytics databases generally don't do that
And so I have a list of these events, right? Well, that's what you would do if you were a transactional database. You'd want to write your whole thing, your whole row in one place. Right. Interestingly, analytics databases generally don't do that What you do when you're creating the segment, you say, well, I'm ingesting 100,000 of these things as I'm writing this segment. I want to write, okay, so let's go with our smart thermostat example
What you do when you're creating the segment, you say, well, I'm ingesting 100,000 of these things as I'm writing this segment. I want to write, okay, so let's go with our smart thermostat example Temperature is one of my fields, right? For this segment, I want to write all of my temperature values together. So you may encounter this term column-oriented storage or column-oriented database or something like that. That is generally the storage architecture used by an analytics database
Temperature is one of my fields, right? For this segment, I want to write all of my temperature values together. So you may encounter this term column-oriented storage or column-oriented database or something like that. That is generally the storage architecture used by an analytics database You actually break up each event, each entity, each thing and write all the column values together. It's the craziest thing and sounds very counterintuitive
You actually break up each event, each entity, each thing and write all the column values together. It's the craziest thing and sounds very counterintuitive But you you you batch up the columns together and write them together because what you're going to do is you're going to scan through all of the at the end of the day, what a query is doing is scanning a bunch of column values. You want them all to be together. And that's what transactional does
But you you you batch up the columns together and write them together because what you're going to do is you're going to scan through all of the at the end of the day, what a query is doing is scanning a bunch of column values. You want them all to be together. And that's what transactional does No, this is transactional is you you store the row in one piece. Analytics is you store all the columns together. Because in transactional, you almost always want the whole row at once because you're you know you're doing that crud over a single thing
No, this is transactional is you you store the row in one piece. Analytics is you store all the columns together. Because in transactional, you almost always want the whole row at once because you're you know you're doing that crud over a single thing So you store the whole the whole the whole entity together in an analytics database. You store the columns together. Let you take your note there. This is what I was trying to do. Yes
So you store the whole the whole the whole entity together in an analytics database. You store the columns together. Let you take your note there. This is what I was trying to do. Yes Yes. Last time and for this because this is it gives a visual and it also makes sure that you're able to see that I wrote it down right that I like comprehend it right. So yeah. This is great. I love it. Sorry that it took so long to get it work. But I figured it out. Okay. Last last thing
Yes. Last time and for this because this is it gives a visual and it also makes sure that you're able to see that I wrote it down right that I like comprehend it right. So yeah. This is great. I love it. Sorry that it took so long to get it work. But I figured it out. Okay. Last last thing Last last thing. Hey, glass is right. Yes, it is it is all a table. These are just different ways of organizing the storage. And again, as a user, it's a schema. You write SQL. You get answers. What do you know? What do you care? Right
Last last thing. Hey, glass is right. Yes, it is it is all a table. These are just different ways of organizing the storage. And again, as a user, it's a schema. You write SQL. You get answers. What do you know? What do you care? Right But to get the kind of performance to be a real time analytics database, there are certain kinds of decisions that that had to be made. Last thing I want to talk about is indexes. Okay. And you are probably comfortable with the idea that databases have indexes. You create indexes on columns
But to get the kind of performance to be a real time analytics database, there are certain kinds of decisions that that had to be made. Last thing I want to talk about is indexes. Okay. And you are probably comfortable with the idea that databases have indexes. You create indexes on columns And the idea is so we kind of talk about how to write data. We're ingesting data. We're putting these segments. We store it in this column oriented way. And you know, yeah, we read it. But we haven't really thought much about how that works
And the idea is so we kind of talk about how to write data. We're ingesting data. We're putting these segments. We store it in this column oriented way. And you know, yeah, we read it. But we haven't really thought much about how that works So part of what Pino is trying to do is to give you the flexibility that you're used to with a traditional relational database
So part of what Pino is trying to do is to give you the flexibility that you're used to with a traditional relational database And what we're used to there is when I've got a column that shows up in an index, pardon me, in a query, I can create an index on that column and make that query perform well for some value of well, right
And what we're used to there is when I've got a column that shows up in an index, pardon me, in a query, I can create an index on that column and make that query perform well for some value of well, right And in a relational, I feel like I know what an index is, but for at the moment, it's totally spacing me
And in a relational, I feel like I know what an index is, but for at the moment, it's totally spacing me Let's do it. Okay. Let's absolutely. This is the time to talk about it. My, okay, let's say I have a segment, right? Because that's kind of where I go to to do queries. I get my results from the segment and I mush all those together at the broker level
Let's do it. Okay. Let's absolutely. This is the time to talk about it. My, okay, let's say I have a segment, right? Because that's kind of where I go to to do queries. I get my results from the segment and I mush all those together at the broker level So in a segment, I've got, let's say, 500,000 rows of my table are stored in a segment. That's probably a lot, but just let's work with it. Yeah. Well, 100,000, 100,000, easier number, 100,000 rows
So in a segment, I've got, let's say, 500,000 rows of my table are stored in a segment. That's probably a lot, but just let's work with it. Yeah. Well, 100,000, 100,000, easier number, 100,000 rows And I have, I'm filtering by zip code and maybe time, but let's just say zip code, right? Postal code. Well, I don't want to have to go through every one of those 100,000 measurements and look up what the zip code is and throw it out if it's not my zip code
And I have, I'm filtering by zip code and maybe time, but let's just say zip code, right? Postal code. Well, I don't want to have to go through every one of those 100,000 measurements and look up what the zip code is and throw it out if it's not my zip code That would be like the log problem, right? We didn't want to just, that's terrible. So I want to say, hey, segment 800,0002. Where are the rows? And it'll say, ah, okay. Well, it's actually in this part of the segment file that those postal codes are or that postal code is
That would be like the log problem, right? We didn't want to just, that's terrible. So I want to say, hey, segment 800,0002. Where are the rows? And it'll say, ah, okay. Well, it's actually in this part of the segment file that those postal codes are or that postal code is So if you just seek on disk to this little chunk right here, you'll get those measurements out that you want. Here, here exactly are where the 800,0002 temperature readings are. So just go read this little chunk. So the index is a fast way of narrowing down the range you have to look in
So if you just seek on disk to this little chunk right here, you'll get those measurements out that you want. Here, here exactly are where the 800,0002 temperature readings are. So just go read this little chunk. So the index is a fast way of narrowing down the range you have to look in Would you say the broker does that, no, the server does that. The broker, okay, yes, I see what you're going. The broker knows, has ways of knowing what ranges of certain values are in certain segments. So it's doing the smart scattering, but indexes are processed at the server level
Would you say the broker does that, no, the server does that. The broker, okay, yes, I see what you're going. The broker knows, has ways of knowing what ranges of certain values are in certain segments. So it's doing the smart scattering, but indexes are processed at the server level I'm just going to cut it, it can find stuff. Indexes will, uh, from server fast way to narrow down your search. Cool. Thank you. Yeah. Okay, learner just brought up a great point, which is that in the relational world, there's pressure not to index too much
I'm just going to cut it, it can find stuff. Indexes will, uh, from server fast way to narrow down your search. Cool. Thank you. Yeah. Okay, learner just brought up a great point, which is that in the relational world, there's pressure not to index too much Because when I write to the table, I have to update all the indexes on the table. So if I've got 10 indexes on a table, 10 columns are indexed in different ways. Every time I write a row, I have to go change all 10 of those indexes in in in the relational world
Because when I write to the table, I have to update all the indexes on the table. So if I've got 10 indexes on a table, 10 columns are indexed in different ways. Every time I write a row, I have to go change all 10 of those indexes in in in the relational world And so rights are I create those indexes to make reads go faster, but I pay the penalty in rights. So learners responding to, you know, real world feedback that you have to think carefully about the right performance tradeoff in creating indexes in a relational table
And so rights are I create those indexes to make reads go faster, but I pay the penalty in rights. So learners responding to, you know, real world feedback that you have to think carefully about the right performance tradeoff in creating indexes in a relational table Now ingesting in Tepino is a little bit different. It's not like that concern doesn't exist at all, but there's less pressure there. And I need you to let me wave my hands on that just for purposes of time. It's not as severe of a problem. It's not because it's magical
Now ingesting in Tepino is a little bit different. It's not like that concern doesn't exist at all, but there's less pressure there. And I need you to let me wave my hands on that just for purposes of time. It's not as severe of a problem. It's not because it's magical It's just because of when that computation takes place. Oh, you like that when when something decides to pop up, I guess you get to start listening. So the whole, I know it's amazing. Back back back to indexes
It's just because of when that computation takes place. Oh, you like that when when something decides to pop up, I guess you get to start listening. So the whole, I know it's amazing. Back back back to indexes There's not just one way of indexing things, right? I gave the example of where is this postal code, but I might also want to know where is this time range? It's Pacific time 12, 28 PM Wednesday June 21st
There's not just one way of indexing things, right? I gave the example of where is this postal code, but I might also want to know where is this time range? It's Pacific time 12, 28 PM Wednesday June 21st What if I want just the measurements from that minute? That's going to be a different kind of index. What if I've got a field that's got JSON in it? It's just it's just a blob of JSON in that field. There's an index for JSON
What if I want just the measurements from that minute? That's going to be a different kind of index. What if I've got a field that's got JSON in it? It's just it's just a blob of JSON in that field. There's an index for JSON There's an index for blocks of text doing interesting kinds of queries on blocks of text. So there's this whole family of these really cool indexes that I can define on a table that support different kinds of read patterns. JSON text. Yeah, it'll remind me to keep going
There's an index for blocks of text doing interesting kinds of queries on blocks of text. So there's this whole family of these really cool indexes that I can define on a table that support different kinds of read patterns. JSON text. Yeah, it'll remind me to keep going And this is Pino specific, right? I mean, this is how Pino does it. It's pretty common for databases to have different index types. Postgres would have this story. Other real-time analytics databases in the world, Pino, click, I'm sorry, drew and click house, they would have an indexing story
And this is Pino specific, right? I mean, this is how Pino does it. It's pretty common for databases to have different index types. Postgres would have this story. Other real-time analytics databases in the world, Pino, click, I'm sorry, drew and click house, they would have an indexing story Everybody's got that story to one degree or another. Pino has a really cool index called the Thartry index, not to be confused with the company name. We took our company name from a cool index
Everybody's got that story to one degree or another. Pino has a really cool index called the Thartry index, not to be confused with the company name. We took our company name from a cool index If you've ever done a pivot table in a spreadsheet, it's like making a pivot table in real time for that table and then like persisting that pivot table to disk. Oh, it's so cool. Yeah, certain kinds of queries are just dramatically sped up by that
If you've ever done a pivot table in a spreadsheet, it's like making a pivot table in real time for that table and then like persisting that pivot table to disk. Oh, it's so cool. Yeah, certain kinds of queries are just dramatically sped up by that There's even a pluggable mechanism for Pino indexes. So people in the community want to create a new kind of index. You don't even have to. It's through the Java service provider interface mechanism. So you don't even have to rebuild Pino
There's even a pluggable mechanism for Pino indexes. So people in the community want to create a new kind of index. You don't even have to. It's through the Java service provider interface mechanism. So you don't even have to rebuild Pino You just drop a jar file in the right place and Pino can gain new index types. That's cool. All right. Now we've probably moved towards wrapping up. There's much more to say, but what do you think? I'm saving
You just drop a jar file in the right place and Pino can gain new index types. That's cool. All right. Now we've probably moved towards wrapping up. There's much more to say, but what do you think? I'm saving I'm just going to say Tim, like you might have to come back for like third one when you get back from your honey moon someday. Okay. Because I feel like I just enjoy talking about databases and learning about this. So you know where to find me
I'm just going to say Tim, like you might have to come back for like third one when you get back from your honey moon someday. Okay. Because I feel like I just enjoy talking about databases and learning about this. So you know where to find me So if we don't get through everything, just know we can add to it later on or there's lots of different options. Yeah, I mean, this gets into like real specifics at this point that like. That's where the teachers database is all done. Yeah
So if we don't get through everything, just know we can add to it later on or there's lots of different options. Yeah, I mean, this gets into like real specifics at this point that like. That's where the teachers database is all done. Yeah Yeah. Well, for example, like remember we said before how events are immutable. An event happens and it has happened. And like, you know, click stream data. I clicked on this button and a website. That's there. You know, there are little things that capture that and produce those events
Yeah. Well, for example, like remember we said before how events are immutable. An event happens and it has happened. And like, you know, click stream data. I clicked on this button and a website. That's there. You know, there are little things that capture that and produce those events Those are immutable events that it's not meaningful for them to change. And so as we're ingesting these things from a Kafka topic and writing them into segments and they're queryable all the time, you know, like those just don't change
Those are immutable events that it's not meaningful for them to change. And so as we're ingesting these things from a Kafka topic and writing them into segments and they're queryable all the time, you know, like those just don't change And that's kind of the assumption with an analytics database is that it's looking at things that have happened in the past. And so once you ingest, you have ingested and those facts never change. Well, you know, not exactly true. Sometimes an event stream is a record of changes to something
And that's kind of the assumption with an analytics database is that it's looking at things that have happened in the past. And so once you ingest, you have ingested and those facts never change. Well, you know, not exactly true. Sometimes an event stream is a record of changes to something Well, okay, my smart thermostat example. When the thermostats report their temperature every minute, that's an event. And once that happens, it is not meaningful for that to change. There's no such thing. Like if you try to alter one of those, you're like covering up a murder or some weird thing
Well, okay, my smart thermostat example. When the thermostats report their temperature every minute, that's an event. And once that happens, it is not meaningful for that to change. There's no such thing. Like if you try to alter one of those, you're like covering up a murder or some weird thing I don't know. You know, you that doesn't make any sense to change that. But what about my thermostats themselves? Like what if I take one and rename it and move it from the living room to my office? Well, now it has changed itself, right? The record of the entity has changed
I don't know. You know, you that doesn't make any sense to change that. But what about my thermostats themselves? Like what if I take one and rename it and move it from the living room to my office? Well, now it has changed itself, right? The record of the entity has changed And if that stream is getting ingested into Pino, then I really do have a new event that overrides an old event. So and this is a thing that Pino does really well. If I have a Kafka topic of things like that where it's updates to things that exist, that's called an absurd
And if that stream is getting ingested into Pino, then I really do have a new event that overrides an old event. So and this is a thing that Pino does really well. If I have a Kafka topic of things like that where it's updates to things that exist, that's called an absurd It's an update and an insert combined. You call it an absurd. And that's a, I mean, I don't need to go through that the whole process. I'd like us to kind of put it in. Would it be kind of like your address change example? Yes, exactly
It's an update and an insert combined. You call it an absurd. And that's a, I mean, I don't need to go through that the whole process. I'd like us to kind of put it in. Would it be kind of like your address change example? Yes, exactly So if there's a, Amazon, Amazon, Amazon, Amazon, Amazon, Amazon dot cone. Yeah, I like it. So for the example you're already gay, for that one, just for some reason, it's clicking more of it would be Amazon. You want to, you move. You want to change your address. Amazon has your address
So if there's a, Amazon, Amazon, Amazon, Amazon, Amazon, Amazon dot cone. Yeah, I like it. So for the example you're already gay, for that one, just for some reason, it's clicking more of it would be Amazon. You want to, you move. You want to change your address. Amazon has your address It's consumed the information. But when you change your address, it creates an event and you have to insert the same thing for the same and replace the value. You have to update. Yeah
It's consumed the information. But when you change your address, it creates an event and you have to insert the same thing for the same and replace the value. You have to update. Yeah Yeah. And and there are certain kinds of things in an analytics data stream for certain use cases that have that absurd behavior. And Pino has a way of managing those upsurbs in a in a high performance way. That's cool. Yeah, very cool. Pino can do absurd. That's all we need. All right
Yeah. And and there are certain kinds of things in an analytics data stream for certain use cases that have that absurd behavior. And Pino has a way of managing those upsurbs in a in a high performance way. That's cool. Yeah, very cool. Pino can do absurd. That's all we need. All right All right. Well, I'll remember what it means. It's like weird because like, these are my, my notes from the last streams. Here's the first one. There we go. This is the very beginning. But it's me trying to, this is what I was doing on our last stream, but you couldn't see it
All right. Well, I'll remember what it means. It's like weird because like, these are my, my notes from the last streams. Here's the first one. There we go. This is the very beginning. But it's me trying to, this is what I was doing on our last stream, but you couldn't see it And then this is today's stream of random things. So this is, I will make it more consumable. I love it. Thank you. Is there anything else that you wanted to make sure we covered today? No, I mean, this is pretty good. I just kind of wanted to give a little bit of a breakdown of how Pino works
And then this is today's stream of random things. So this is, I will make it more consumable. I love it. Thank you. Is there anything else that you wanted to make sure we covered today? No, I mean, this is pretty good. I just kind of wanted to give a little bit of a breakdown of how Pino works And and the, I guess in summary, every architectural choice and engineering trade off inside it is all driven by the the idea that it needs to do analytical queries over large sets of data highly concurrently, right
And and the, I guess in summary, every architectural choice and engineering trade off inside it is all driven by the the idea that it needs to do analytical queries over large sets of data highly concurrently, right So potentially thousands or tens of thousands of or hundreds of thousands query, a hundred thousand queries per second
So potentially thousands or tens of thousands of or hundreds of thousands query, a hundred thousand queries per second That's that. Once you go user-facing, it's not just 10 executives refreshing a dashboard. It could be, you know, very large sets of people doing queries all the time. So highly concurrent, very low latency, very fresh data. So all of the engineering decisions are designed to support low latency
That's that. Once you go user-facing, it's not just 10 executives refreshing a dashboard. It could be, you know, very large sets of people doing queries all the time. So highly concurrent, very low latency, very fresh data. So all of the engineering decisions are designed to support low latency So 100 milliseconds are under for, you know, typical stuff. Highly concurrent, 100,000 concurrent queries per second. And data that is you know, seconds old. There's no batch process that you're ingesting every 20 minutes or overnight or anything like that
So 100 milliseconds are under for, you know, typical stuff. Highly concurrent, 100,000 concurrent queries per second. And data that is you know, seconds old. There's no batch process that you're ingesting every 20 minutes or overnight or anything like that It just things happen and they get through the Kafka pipeline and you adjust them and they're queryable. Those are the, those are the priorities. Cool. Cool. I definitely will say we, we went through a lot
It just things happen and they get through the Kafka pipeline and you adjust them and they're queryable. Those are the, those are the priorities. Cool. Cool. I definitely will say we, we went through a lot I feel like we went on a very long long journey and basically we're like D&D, the expanse and Lord of the Rings with so many different names. All those things happen. They did, they did. And we went through adventures in San Francisco, which I definitely want to go to that museum now
I feel like we went on a very long long journey and basically we're like D&D, the expanse and Lord of the Rings with so many different names. All those things happen. They did, they did. And we went through adventures in San Francisco, which I definitely want to go to that museum now The computer history museum. In Mountain View. Yes, that is five minutes away from San Francisco. Depends on traffic. Middle the night, 30 minutes, middle of the day, rush hour, could be an hour. Not horrible. It's not horrible at all
The computer history museum. In Mountain View. Yes, that is five minutes away from San Francisco. Depends on traffic. Middle the night, 30 minutes, middle of the day, rush hour, could be an hour. Not horrible. It's not horrible at all No, it's it's kind of middle, you know, the Palo Alto Mountain View sort of section is if you think of San Francisco up here and you kind of come down Silicon Valley proper and you know San Jose is down here and San Francisco is up here
No, it's it's kind of middle, you know, the Palo Alto Mountain View sort of section is if you think of San Francisco up here and you kind of come down Silicon Valley proper and you know San Jose is down here and San Francisco is up here It's kind of in the middle ish of the the so called peninsula, which is not really a peninsula. California makes its own rules. That's okay. That is okay. And before we finish wrapping up, anybody else have questions that you want to ask 10? Because I know all always have questions. It's fat
It's kind of in the middle ish of the the so called peninsula, which is not really a peninsula. California makes its own rules. That's okay. That is okay. And before we finish wrapping up, anybody else have questions that you want to ask 10? Because I know all always have questions. It's fat It's fat. I will be back. You know, you know where to find me. Yes. Yes. All right, y'all. Well, I am going to go rage you over to Coding Garden, Jokesoul over there. And yes, definitely watch it. Christian, I will be posting it on YouTube, this one on YouTube soon too
It's fat. I will be back. You know, you know where to find me. Yes. Yes. All right, y'all. Well, I am going to go rage you over to Coding Garden, Jokesoul over there. And yes, definitely watch it. Christian, I will be posting it on YouTube, this one on YouTube soon too So that way you have the playlist. So thank you all. And as a heads of everyone, Christian's going to come on this dream as well. Yay. Thank you. Thanks, learner. Hi. We'll see if the raid goes through. I always hit it like too soon too soon. And I love that you for everybody that is still here
So that way you have the playlist. So thank you all. And as a heads of everyone, Christian's going to come on this dream as well. Yay. Thank you. Thanks, learner. Hi. We'll see if the raid goes through. I always hit it like too soon too soon. And I love that you for everybody that is still here I love that. Oly know is on your podcast. Oh, yes. Oh my goodness. You're so great. Okay. And
I love that. Oly know is on your podcast. Oh, yes. Oh my goodness. You're so great. Okay. And