Welcome to another episode of Teach Gen Tech. Today being Teach Gen Nuts with Daniel Row. Daniel, who are you and what's next? Hi, it's really nice to be here. Who am I? I didn't expect to get into such in-depth sort of soul searching, just straight out of the box, but that was my joke. I'm Daniel I'm Daniel. I live in the UK. I need the Nuts team. Nuts is a framework for building web apps. It's a full stack framework and it's designed for the edge. I've got three cats and a dog. I live on the shore of a river. And currently all day today, it has been totally great and rainy
I'm Daniel. I live in the UK. I need the Nuts team. Nuts is a framework for building web apps. It's a full stack framework and it's designed for the edge. I've got three cats and a dog. I live on the shore of a river. And currently all day today, it has been totally great and rainy And so I'm cozy inside. Good, good. And thank you for joining us today. And being back home after all of your travels, I know I just got back from New York. So I'm like, oh, wait, I have to go back to normal now. Like we're normal schedule
And so I'm cozy inside. Good, good. And thank you for joining us today. And being back home after all of your travels, I know I just got back from New York. So I'm like, oh, wait, I have to go back to normal now. Like we're normal schedule What is this? It's just totally different things, isn't it? Sort of suddenly you're like, right, routines. I actually have a routine. I like my routine. It works well. There are bits of it that I like lunch
What is this? It's just totally different things, isn't it? Sort of suddenly you're like, right, routines. I actually have a routine. I like my routine. It works well. There are bits of it that I like lunch I have, I hear as here's my, like I don't know if I've ever told anybody this, like, probably. But every day I have soup. I go make myself some soup. And I have it in a mug and I drink it. Like that is the level of home comfort that we're talking about. Like totally easy, but incredible
I have, I hear as here's my, like I don't know if I've ever told anybody this, like, probably. But every day I have soup. I go make myself some soup. And I have it in a mug and I drink it. Like that is the level of home comfort that we're talking about. Like totally easy, but incredible That's my top tip for today. Nice. And what a pair of social. OK, Daniel, what kind of soup is it the same soup every day? And is it homemade soup or canned soup? Or like the pre-mean mix? I see. I have opened a can of worms
That's my top tip for today. Nice. And what a pair of social. OK, Daniel, what kind of soup is it the same soup every day? And is it homemade soup or canned soup? Or like the pre-mean mix? I see. I have opened a can of worms Or is that a tin of soup? The I mean, are you having worm soup? I hope not. I very much hope not. No, it's different. It's almost I do know I probably would not mind if it was the same every day. But I basically, it's it varies
Or is that a tin of soup? The I mean, are you having worm soup? I hope not. I very much hope not. No, it's different. It's almost I do know I probably would not mind if it was the same every day. But I basically, it's it varies Like today I had just tomato soup, but I sort of tipped half of the spice drawer of chili in it. So it's very spicy tomato soup. Sometimes I put like a little bit of a sort of basil or something on top of it. And that just sort of makes it a little bit nice. Oh, wait. It's so nice
Like today I had just tomato soup, but I sort of tipped half of the spice drawer of chili in it. So it's very spicy tomato soup. Sometimes I put like a little bit of a sort of basil or something on top of it. And that just sort of makes it a little bit nice. Oh, wait. It's so nice It's so nice. So like, honestly, I'm sorry if I'm taking over about soup. No. No, I like learning about soup. It was not I know expert, but it's just so it's perfect when the weather is cold and the clouds are gray and it's raining outside
It's so nice. So like, honestly, I'm sorry if I'm taking over about soup. No. No, I like learning about soup. It was not I know expert, but it's just so it's perfect when the weather is cold and the clouds are gray and it's raining outside And just to be able to sort of sit back and look at a PR or something and sort of gently sip your soup, it's very nice. It's that's that's peak peak life. That's that's what I'm saying. I'm just thinking about that. And where I live, it is about 47 degrees Celsius
And just to be able to sort of sit back and look at a PR or something and sort of gently sip your soup, it's very nice. It's that's that's peak peak life. That's that's what I'm saying. I'm just thinking about that. And where I live, it is about 47 degrees Celsius For those in the US, that's about 117 degrees Fahrenheit. And I'm like, super right now. I would not be able to do it. No, no, that is. That is. I do. Oh, goodness. Do it. No, I'm just saying that completely agree. I have a frittata
For those in the US, that's about 117 degrees Fahrenheit. And I'm like, super right now. I would not be able to do it. No, no, that is. That is. I do. Oh, goodness. Do it. No, I'm just saying that completely agree. I have a frittata I have a frittata. It's a sweet potato that I spinach for tata almost every single day. I, you know, a frittata, like honestly, that is. I'm going to be honest with you. So like it's sound, frittata sounds amazing. But the few times I've had them, they they seem to have a lot of vegetables in them
I have a frittata. It's a sweet potato that I spinach for tata almost every single day. I, you know, a frittata, like honestly, that is. I'm going to be honest with you. So like it's sound, frittata sounds amazing. But the few times I've had them, they they seem to have a lot of vegetables in them That's why only yeah, that's why I only make it at home. Yeah. I'm way too picky about it if it's somewhere else. Yeah. But I'm like, but like the home, somewhere else. Is it potatoes and other stuff? And you can have sort of a different hash type things in it
That's why only yeah, that's why I only make it at home. Yeah. I'm way too picky about it if it's somewhere else. Yeah. But I'm like, but like the home, somewhere else. Is it potatoes and other stuff? And you can have sort of a different hash type things in it It's egg, sweet potato, spinach, feta, rosemary, and paprika. I think that could, I think that could persuade me. That does sound nice. That like, there's some of like good things to be together. I don't know about the sweet potato, but I'm willing to be persuaded. It's so yummy
It's egg, sweet potato, spinach, feta, rosemary, and paprika. I think that could, I think that could persuade me. That does sound nice. That like, there's some of like good things to be together. I don't know about the sweet potato, but I'm willing to be persuaded. It's so yummy It's so yummy. And it's very easy to cook and I make it. And it works like once every five days. Wait, what? What are shower oranges? Why have neither of you told me about shower oranges? Yes. Yes. OK. So I'm so happy that I get to be the one
It's so yummy. And it's very easy to cook and I make it. And it works like once every five days. Wait, what? What are shower oranges? Why have neither of you told me about shower oranges? Yes. Yes. OK. So I'm so happy that I get to be the one Like, you know, I feel that this is a significant moment in my life. I get to be the one to introduce you to shower oranges. Now, shower oranges are not the concept is actually very simple. And you're going to just find this is crazy. But and then I'm going to say one sentence
Like, you know, I feel that this is a significant moment in my life. I get to be the one to introduce you to shower oranges. Now, shower oranges are not the concept is actually very simple. And you're going to just find this is crazy. But and then I'm going to say one sentence And immediately you're going to understand why. So a shower orange is an orange that you eat in the shower. And in your head, you're thinking that is ridiculous. Why would you eat an orange in the shower? And then I'm going to say one sentence in the sentence is it doesn't matter about the juice
And immediately you're going to understand why. So a shower orange is an orange that you eat in the shower. And in your head, you're thinking that is ridiculous. Why would you eat an orange in the shower? And then I'm going to say one sentence in the sentence is it doesn't matter about the juice You can just enjoy that orange and just relish the orange. And it is totally OK. And shower peach is probably equally good. Showing mangoes. You could have any number of different shower fruits
You can just enjoy that orange and just relish the orange. And it is totally OK. And shower peach is probably equally good. Showing mangoes. You could have any number of different shower fruits Can you just appreciate the freedom of having them in the shower? Isn't that actually a mind blowing concept? It's not just me, right? This is a good idea. I like the shower orange. I am iffy about the peaches. But I like to do my peaches in a bowl with almond milk or something
Can you just appreciate the freedom of having them in the shower? Isn't that actually a mind blowing concept? It's not just me, right? This is a good idea. I like the shower orange. I am iffy about the peaches. But I like to do my peaches in a bowl with almond milk or something So I'm picky about my peaches. But I get it. I get it. And oh, geez. That's pretty funny. That is pretty funny. But how? OK. This is my other question. And for those who don't know who's also in the chat is Josh. I can't even say your name again. Apparently today, Josh Goldberg. There we go
So I'm picky about my peaches. But I get it. I get it. And oh, geez. That's pretty funny. That is pretty funny. But how? OK. This is my other question. And for those who don't know who's also in the chat is Josh. I can't even say your name again. Apparently today, Josh Goldberg. There we go There we go. Who has been on our show many, many times that we talk about learning TypeScript. So how does NUXT and TypeScript go to shower oranges? Jen is like, we are going to talk about NUXT today. Whatever. Soup. Show our oranges
There we go. Who has been on our show many, many times that we talk about learning TypeScript. So how does NUXT and TypeScript go to shower oranges? Jen is like, we are going to talk about NUXT today. Whatever. Soup. Show our oranges Show our oranges. What's going on next? Are we going to be talking about? I don't know. Semi conductors at room temperature or something like that. What does NUXT and TypeScript have to do with shower oranges? I'm not sure there is an answer to that question
Show our oranges. What's going on next? Are we going to be talking about? I don't know. Semi conductors at room temperature or something like that. What does NUXT and TypeScript have to do with shower oranges? I'm not sure there is an answer to that question I feel like they are in separate planes' reality, except that they are both amazing. Maybe that's going to be my sort of link. OK. I like it. I like it. Am I allowed to say that? I might not be allowed to say that. That might be sort of too. I might be too invested in it
I feel like they are in separate planes' reality, except that they are both amazing. Maybe that's going to be my sort of link. OK. I like it. I like it. Am I allowed to say that? I might not be allowed to say that. That might be sort of too. I might be too invested in it I mean, I feel like you are pretty invested in shower oranges. But NUXT, I feel like, is newer for you than maybe shower oranges? I could be wrong. But which is? It's totally true. It's true
I mean, I feel like you are pretty invested in shower oranges. But NUXT, I feel like, is newer for you than maybe shower oranges? I could be wrong. But which is? It's totally true. It's true It's true. I think at some point I went to look on GitHub to find my first ever issue that I, the first ever open source contribution I made to NUXT, to anything NUXT related. And it is actually not, I feel it's not that long ago. So basically, I only started, I think, open source contribution
It's true. I think at some point I went to look on GitHub to find my first ever issue that I, the first ever open source contribution I made to NUXT, to anything NUXT related. And it is actually not, I feel it's not that long ago. So basically, I only started, I think, open source contribution Actually, this is probably a little bit while ago. Now, time passes. It sort of seems like year after year. Just basically, I don't think I, I don't think I made a contribution to NUXT until, until 2019. So like, to any NUXT repository, like a module or whatever
Actually, this is probably a little bit while ago. Now, time passes. It sort of seems like year after year. Just basically, I don't think I, I don't think I made a contribution to NUXT until, until 2019. So like, to any NUXT repository, like a module or whatever And I think in, I think that's what I think in 2019, I made some, that's when I really started. So that was like four years ago. I think that was when I got into involved in NUXT community. And I mean, so shower oranges clearly came first, got it. But no, actually, no. No, no
And I think in, I think that's what I think in 2019, I made some, that's when I really started. So that was like four years ago. I think that was when I got into involved in NUXT community. And I mean, so shower oranges clearly came first, got it. But no, actually, no. No, no No, no. That, maybe when my deep inner passion for a shower or I'm just concerned, because I knew I knew to them. So I am, I'm just discovering the delight. It was actually, I only found out about them on a GitHub call that GitHub had a little round table on open source maintainers, mental health
No, no. That, maybe when my deep inner passion for a shower or I'm just concerned, because I knew I knew to them. So I am, I'm just discovering the delight. It was actually, I only found out about them on a GitHub call that GitHub had a little round table on open source maintainers, mental health And we were just chatting about different techniques. And I actually don't know how this came up. But someone brought up shower oranges. Was it Josh? I don't know, I don't know who it was. But someone brought up shower oranges. There's actually a whole subreddit to devote it to shower oranges
And we were just chatting about different techniques. And I actually don't know how this came up. But someone brought up shower oranges. Was it Josh? I don't know, I don't know who it was. But someone brought up shower oranges. There's actually a whole subreddit to devote it to shower oranges I'm not sure if that's still true, given the sort of things to do with Reddit. But there's a whole shower orange subreddit that people talking about shower fruit of different kinds. And so I discovered it just sort of fresh a few, few months or so ago
I'm not sure if that's still true, given the sort of things to do with Reddit. But there's a whole shower orange subreddit that people talking about shower fruit of different kinds. And so I discovered it just sort of fresh a few, few months or so ago So I'm afraid my contributions to the shower orange calls are relatively recent. If anybody can link that subreddit, I feel like it's definitely going to be worth reading later on. And Josh, I'm going to go to yours first. Yes. Oh, ice matcha sounds amazing right now
So I'm afraid my contributions to the shower orange calls are relatively recent. If anybody can link that subreddit, I feel like it's definitely going to be worth reading later on. And Josh, I'm going to go to yours first. Yes. Oh, ice matcha sounds amazing right now I had so many matches while traveling lately. Yeah, thank you, Daniel. And a pair of social, well, Daniel, did you have anything to do with naming next? Perst Social is absolutely right. I did not have anything to do with naming it next. I did not. So I'm a relative late-comer
I had so many matches while traveling lately. Yeah, thank you, Daniel. And a pair of social, well, Daniel, did you have anything to do with naming next? Perst Social is absolutely right. I did not have anything to do with naming it next. I did not. So I'm a relative late-comer So I came around, I think, Nox2 was already out, I think. And I think it was by the time I started using Nox2. And no, I didn't name it. I mean, for those who were wondering, Nox2 was a hat tip to Next
So I came around, I think, Nox2 was already out, I think. And I think it was by the time I started using Nox2. And no, I didn't name it. I mean, for those who were wondering, Nox2 was a hat tip to Next So Next was one of the first frameworks out there, JavaScript, Metaframworks, doing a lot of cool things. So page-based routing, configuring webpack, and we're doing it for React, the React ecosystem. And Nox2 came along to Sebastian and Alex Japan
So Next was one of the first frameworks out there, JavaScript, Metaframworks, doing a lot of cool things. So page-based routing, configuring webpack, and we're doing it for React, the React ecosystem. And Nox2 came along to Sebastian and Alex Japan Came, they built, basically, what was originally a template for working with View. And then basically, it became a Metaframwork quite quickly. And lots of contributions, lots of contributors. And it grew very quickly
Came, they built, basically, what was originally a template for working with View. And then basically, it became a Metaframwork quite quickly. And lots of contributions, lots of contributors. And it grew very quickly It was named Nox2, I believe, as far as I can tell, because of the letter U in View. So just as Next with React and Nox2 with View. And it was basically saying, we're like Next, but for View. Like a fun thing. And then it's still, yeah, Nox2, I think it's a fun thing
It was named Nox2, I believe, as far as I can tell, because of the letter U in View. So just as Next with React and Nox2 with View. And it was basically saying, we're like Next, but for View. Like a fun thing. And then it's still, yeah, Nox2, I think it's a fun thing I feel like this does bring up a good point of if anyone is wondering how Daniel ended up being on the show. Oh my gosh, it's almost been a year. August is closer to October than I thought it was. OK. So October of 2022, I think it was Next Nation. And it was a great opportunity
I feel like this does bring up a good point of if anyone is wondering how Daniel ended up being on the show. Oh my gosh, it's almost been a year. August is closer to October than I thought it was. OK. So October of 2022, I think it was Next Nation. And it was a great opportunity And I knew not a lot about Next or View. I am still learning a lot. And I was in my head barely understanding that Metaframwork's are even a thing. And going, what is Next, what is View? I'm glad they're writing these questions for me
And I knew not a lot about Next or View. I am still learning a lot. And I was in my head barely understanding that Metaframwork's are even a thing. And going, what is Next, what is View? I'm glad they're writing these questions for me And I just want to say, in case anybody's curious, I also compared it to hydration with quick at some point. And I was like, now I know they have nothing to do with each other. And that was probably a bad one. But it was a learning experience. And then you were in View Nation
And I just want to say, in case anybody's curious, I also compared it to hydration with quick at some point. And I was like, now I know they have nothing to do with each other. And that was probably a bad one. But it was a learning experience. And then you were in View Nation And I think the last few forage, right? That is all true. And you were great at Next Nation, by the way. I don't know what you're doing about. Now I know it's all very different. You were fantastic. Well, thank you. Thank you. It's always fun because I get to ask a lot of random questions
And I think the last few forage, right? That is all true. And you were great at Next Nation, by the way. I don't know what you're doing about. Now I know it's all very different. You were fantastic. Well, thank you. Thank you. It's always fun because I get to ask a lot of random questions And one thing that, because of time restraints, I haven't been able to ask. But I would love to hear your version of it, because you started to talk about what the difference between Next and Nuckst is. And I like that it's next is to react as Nuckst is to view
And one thing that, because of time restraints, I haven't been able to ask. But I would love to hear your version of it, because you started to talk about what the difference between Next and Nuckst is. And I like that it's next is to react as Nuckst is to view But can you explain a framework to a meta framework and why someone would use a meta framework? So I guess. So yeah, of course. So basically when we were talking about JavaScript frameworks, we're typically talking about something that helps manage reactivity and user interface in a browser
But can you explain a framework to a meta framework and why someone would use a meta framework? So I guess. So yeah, of course. So basically when we were talking about JavaScript frameworks, we're typically talking about something that helps manage reactivity and user interface in a browser It could mean a lot of things. But that's typically what we mean. So something like a React or View or Angular is basically helping developers more easily write code that translates to interactive user interfaces in a browser
It could mean a lot of things. But that's typically what we mean. So something like a React or View or Angular is basically helping developers more easily write code that translates to interactive user interfaces in a browser So you can do things like say the content of this bit of this div should be always the user's name. And then when you change the user's name, it reactively updates that
So you can do things like say the content of this bit of this div should be always the user's name. And then when you change the user's name, it reactively updates that And so that kind of reactivity, that kind of declarative syntax, so you're not having to go and document query selector, get the div, change the text. You're not having to do that. That is typically, I think, what we mean by a JavaScript framework
And so that kind of reactivity, that kind of declarative syntax, so you're not having to go and document query selector, get the div, change the text. You're not having to do that. That is typically, I think, what we mean by a JavaScript framework So there are lots of them like solid, spelt, react, View, lots and lots and lots of great frameworks. And a meta framework builds on that
So there are lots of them like solid, spelt, react, View, lots and lots and lots of great frameworks. And a meta framework builds on that So just as the framework exists to abstract away the pain of writing your own sort of jQuery and just sort of going and finding stuff and making it happen, if a framework makes it simpler and better. So a meta framework does the same
So just as the framework exists to abstract away the pain of writing your own sort of jQuery and just sort of going and finding stuff and making it happen, if a framework makes it simpler and better. So a meta framework does the same So it aims to take more pain away for other things that you need to do. So often meta frameworks will handle build tooling. So originally, the success of both Nax and Nax handled, it came from the fact that Webpack was both wonderful, but also extremely painful to configure
So it aims to take more pain away for other things that you need to do. So often meta frameworks will handle build tooling. So originally, the success of both Nax and Nax handled, it came from the fact that Webpack was both wonderful, but also extremely painful to configure And most people getting started in Web development today would have a clue because, as in, thankfully, because Webpack was so bad, it was so hard to configure. It was such a good tool, I'm don't get me wrong. That when you had a framework that would just handle that for you, it was wonderful
And most people getting started in Web development today would have a clue because, as in, thankfully, because Webpack was so bad, it was so hard to configure. It was such a good tool, I'm don't get me wrong. That when you had a framework that would just handle that for you, it was wonderful And they would also do things other things as well, like handle server-side rendering, which again was something that wasn't straightforward to get started. They sort of had various different best practices built in. They would handle things like also configuring a back-end framework
And they would also do things other things as well, like handle server-side rendering, which again was something that wasn't straightforward to get started. They sort of had various different best practices built in. They would handle things like also configuring a back-end framework So that might be express or connect or something like that. And so basically a meta framework brings more goodies to the table. But along the same kind of lines, like you're moving away from assembly code towards abstractions that work better for the work that you have to do
So that might be express or connect or something like that. And so basically a meta framework brings more goodies to the table. But along the same kind of lines, like you're moving away from assembly code towards abstractions that work better for the work that you have to do And the challenge always, as you go up that pyramid, Maslow's hierarchy or whatever, towards the perfect developer experience
And the challenge always, as you go up that pyramid, Maslow's hierarchy or whatever, towards the perfect developer experience The challenge is how do you keep have enough control? Because at every step where you have a abstraction, something that makes your life easier, sometimes what if you want to get into the nitty-gritty
The challenge is how do you keep have enough control? Because at every step where you have a abstraction, something that makes your life easier, sometimes what if you want to get into the nitty-gritty And so a big part of what a good meta framework is, from my point of view, is, do you have escape hatches? Then let you shimmy down the pole all the way down to the bottom of the pyramid to tinker with a few bricks and then get on the lift back out to the top again
And so a big part of what a good meta framework is, from my point of view, is, do you have escape hatches? Then let you shimmy down the pole all the way down to the bottom of the pyramid to tinker with a few bricks and then get on the lift back out to the top again If the analogy hasn't completely shined out of space. I like it. I like it. And I think that's a good explanation of it. Before I ask you, I have you. Before I ask you about what you would put into a full stack app if you were to build one. Because I'm very excited about this question
If the analogy hasn't completely shined out of space. I like it. I like it. And I think that's a good explanation of it. Before I ask you, I have you. Before I ask you about what you would put into a full stack app if you were to build one. Because I'm very excited about this question How would you explain TypeScript? Because I feel like a lot of people, and Josh, if you're still watching, I am purposely asking during somebody that does it all. But it can be confusing because of TypeScript doing a Type system, and people confusing that to a meta framework
How would you explain TypeScript? Because I feel like a lot of people, and Josh, if you're still watching, I am purposely asking during somebody that does it all. But it can be confusing because of TypeScript doing a Type system, and people confusing that to a meta framework How would you explain TypeScript on top of all of it? So I would say TypeScript is a way of annotating your code. To describe what your code expects to receive and return in terms of the basic building blocks of the language. So things like strings and numbers and objects and things like that
How would you explain TypeScript on top of all of it? So I would say TypeScript is a way of annotating your code. To describe what your code expects to receive and return in terms of the basic building blocks of the language. So things like strings and numbers and objects and things like that So most of the time TypeScript doesn't actually change your code. It only describes it better. So it enables you to, it enables your tooling, things like, ESLint, Josh ESLint, or your IDE like VS code, or even at like a build step to detect bugs. Like, so you're assigning a number to a string
So most of the time TypeScript doesn't actually change your code. It only describes it better. So it enables you to, it enables your tooling, things like, ESLint, Josh ESLint, or your IDE like VS code, or even at like a build step to detect bugs. Like, so you're assigning a number to a string And if you're going to call a string method on it, it's not going to work
And if you're going to call a string method on it, it's not going to work And so TypeScript, by letting you annotate your code and by doing a lot of inference to sort of figure out even when you don't explicitly say what something is, it basically gives you a better developer experience by spotting bugs and adding that purely build time developer experience layer on top of things
And so TypeScript, by letting you annotate your code and by doing a lot of inference to sort of figure out even when you don't explicitly say what something is, it basically gives you a better developer experience by spotting bugs and adding that purely build time developer experience layer on top of things TypeScript does have runtime elements to it. Most of the time, I don't use them personally. I view it as mostly about improving the quality of the code you write at, at right time. I almost actually never used the actual emitted code TypeScript emits. I just stripped the type data
TypeScript does have runtime elements to it. Most of the time, I don't use them personally. I view it as mostly about improving the quality of the code you write at, at right time. I almost actually never used the actual emitted code TypeScript emits. I just stripped the type data But I think it's a very, very useful build step tool. I like it. And Josh asks, I don't feel like this is just setting you up for success. What is ESLint? Setting you up for success and trolling are very closely related in this particular context
But I think it's a very, very useful build step tool. I like it. And Josh asks, I don't feel like this is just setting you up for success. What is ESLint? Setting you up for success and trolling are very closely related in this particular context So I think for those who may not know, so ESLint is an amazing way to also spot issues that may creep into your project or enforce certain standards of code style
So I think for those who may not know, so ESLint is an amazing way to also spot issues that may creep into your project or enforce certain standards of code style So for example, you might want to say, you always need to handle an error that might be thrown by a promise by an ASync await operation. And you can enforce that kind of thing with something like ESLint. And so ESLint allows you to write these rules. It comes with lots of great ones built in
So for example, you might want to say, you always need to handle an error that might be thrown by a promise by an ASync await operation. And you can enforce that kind of thing with something like ESLint. And so ESLint allows you to write these rules. It comes with lots of great ones built in It understands TypeScript pretty much out of the box. And it's a great tool. So I would say most projects that are around these days would be using ESLint. So I hope that helps Josh. Actually, I can't bear. I can't believe this is probably a terrible explanation
It understands TypeScript pretty much out of the box. And it's a great tool. So I would say most projects that are around these days would be using ESLint. So I hope that helps Josh. Actually, I can't bear. I can't believe this is probably a terrible explanation Josh should basically jump in and be like, this is the thing that you've actually missed, the main philosophical point of ESLint. But that's how I sort of think of it. I love it. And for those who are curious and hello to all the Raiders. Thanks, Jason
Josh should basically jump in and be like, this is the thing that you've actually missed, the main philosophical point of ESLint. But that's how I sort of think of it. I love it. And for those who are curious and hello to all the Raiders. Thanks, Jason Thanks, Jason. Because we are talking about TypeScript and going through those differences as well. Josh has been on the show probably the most, maybe the most out of anyone, maybe. And so we have a learning TypeScript playlist for those who want to check it out
Thanks, Jason. Because we are talking about TypeScript and going through those differences as well. Josh has been on the show probably the most, maybe the most out of anyone, maybe. And so we have a learning TypeScript playlist for those who want to check it out And it is very fun to troll and set up Daniel for success to talk about what TypeScript and ESLint are. So yes. And what up, Jacob? Yeah, Jacob's been on the show too
And it is very fun to troll and set up Daniel for success to talk about what TypeScript and ESLint are. So yes. And what up, Jacob? Yeah, Jacob's been on the show too When he first tried to teach me about what TypeScript was, and it ended up being about, I think, have serverless servers? I don't know. It was very, very early on. And it was pretty funny because I could not understand it whatsoever. And then, yeah, and Jason's been on the show
When he first tried to teach me about what TypeScript was, and it ended up being about, I think, have serverless servers? I don't know. It was very, very early on. And it was pretty funny because I could not understand it whatsoever. And then, yeah, and Jason's been on the show Lots of, oh yes, workers. Yeah, I feel like we shouldn't go in at one point, Jacob. We should go into work. I feel work at, yes, edge. Come on, Jacob. You want to explain it, Daniel? We'll just go from NUX to edge serverless and workers, because I still is not clicking yet
Lots of, oh yes, workers. Yeah, I feel like we shouldn't go in at one point, Jacob. We should go into work. I feel work at, yes, edge. Come on, Jacob. You want to explain it, Daniel? We'll just go from NUX to edge serverless and workers, because I still is not clicking yet Well, so basically NUX is written for this. So one of the benefits that you get by opting into NUX is that you can compile it. So when you run that build step, it builds for you. If you're deploying on Cloudflare, it builds for Cloudflare workers or pages or whatever your target is
Well, so basically NUX is written for this. So one of the benefits that you get by opting into NUX is that you can compile it. So when you run that build step, it builds for you. If you're deploying on Cloudflare, it builds for Cloudflare workers or pages or whatever your target is If you're deploying on something else, do you know it builds for Dino? If you're deploying on Vasell, whether that's their edge or the serverless, it builds for that. So basically, NUX is designed for this. So workers is very much at, I love it. I'm all about that. OK
If you're deploying on something else, do you know it builds for Dino? If you're deploying on Vasell, whether that's their edge or the serverless, it builds for that. So basically, NUX is designed for this. So workers is very much at, I love it. I'm all about that. OK OK. So how would you explain? And this is something interesting. That's a good question. Oh my gosh. These are fun questions. I'm enjoying this. I don't know about you, Daniel, but I'm enjoying this
OK. So how would you explain? And this is something interesting. That's a good question. Oh my gosh. These are fun questions. I'm enjoying this. I don't know about you, Daniel, but I'm enjoying this How would you explain what edge is
How would you explain what edge is I have this on another episode, but I think that explaining what Cloudflare and Edge does is another way of understanding what workers do and mean able, especially because there's so many terms for everything, which is very frustrating when we had somebody on for analytics and talking about event logs and Pino, Apache Pino
I have this on another episode, but I think that explaining what Cloudflare and Edge does is another way of understanding what workers do and mean able, especially because there's so many terms for everything, which is very frustrating when we had somebody on for analytics and talking about event logs and Pino, Apache Pino There's words for, the same words go for multiple things. It's very frustrating. But how would you explain it? So I would say, basically, I, sorry, I didn't say what it actually was, just that we supported. So basically, I think edge is actually a confusing term
There's words for, the same words go for multiple things. It's very frustrating. But how would you explain it? So I would say, basically, I, sorry, I didn't say what it actually was, just that we supported. So basically, I think edge is actually a confusing term So traditionally, I think edge really refers to a location. So edge means not that you might have something like a central server. If you imagine you had your server, a single server. And it's in the center. And then you have lots of users connecting to it
So traditionally, I think edge really refers to a location. So edge means not that you might have something like a central server. If you imagine you had your server, a single server. And it's in the center. And then you have lots of users connecting to it You have the closer you get to the user, the more on the edge you are of the sort of what that server is serving. And so you can actually do in a, this is a super simplified and probably inaccurate explanation. So edge is sort of near users
You have the closer you get to the user, the more on the edge you are of the sort of what that server is serving. And so you can actually do in a, this is a super simplified and probably inaccurate explanation. So edge is sort of near users And when that, when it's not just a single server, but a whole network serving these kind of requests, then you can actually have different layers. You can have like a thing that's your server in the middle
And when that, when it's not just a single server, but a whole network serving these kind of requests, then you can actually have different layers. You can have like a thing that's your server in the middle But then you can have content delivery networks, for example, which actually have computers close to your users
But then you can have content delivery networks, for example, which actually have computers close to your users And those computers close to your users aren't actually processing the request, but they're doing things like caching data and sort of responding quickly with the responses where they can respond quickly. And then deferring to the central servers inaccurate
And those computers close to your users aren't actually processing the request, but they're doing things like caching data and sort of responding quickly with the responses where they can respond quickly. And then deferring to the central servers inaccurate But they're deferring to something that's a bit further away to answer the request
But they're deferring to something that's a bit further away to answer the request And so when we're talking about moving stuff to the edge, what we're talking about is moving things away from centralized locations that are further away from users to locations which are like many and very close to, like very close to the users
And so when we're talking about moving stuff to the edge, what we're talking about is moving things away from centralized locations that are further away from users to locations which are like many and very close to, like very close to the users So instead of just having, you know, 10 regions across the world, your code runs, it might be in 50 or 100. Like, I genuinely better able to get telling exactly how many. But like, it would be lots and lots of places. And one of the consequences, for me, edge is location
So instead of just having, you know, 10 regions across the world, your code runs, it might be in 50 or 100. Like, I genuinely better able to get telling exactly how many. But like, it would be lots and lots of places. And one of the consequences, for me, edge is location But when we talk about edge these days, we're mostly talking about a different format because if you want to take code that was running in like a few places and actually run it in lots and lots of places, you need to make it small and fast so that it can actually respond to those requests pretty instantly
But when we talk about edge these days, we're mostly talking about a different format because if you want to take code that was running in like a few places and actually run it in lots and lots of places, you need to make it small and fast so that it can actually respond to those requests pretty instantly And not not, like, you don't just want to multiply the central servers, you actually want just something that can quickly respond
And not not, like, you don't just want to multiply the central servers, you actually want just something that can quickly respond And part of how we've done that these days, and lots of providers from Dino to Cloudflare to Lagon, is basically to have not like a little mini docker or a sort of lambda, which is you have a zip with node modules in it, but something even smaller, which is called V8 isolates
And part of how we've done that these days, and lots of providers from Dino to Cloudflare to Lagon, is basically to have not like a little mini docker or a sort of lambda, which is you have a zip with node modules in it, but something even smaller, which is called V8 isolates V8 is the engine that powers both node on your CLI and Chromium in the browser. And it also powers these edge runtimes. So they're basically little isolated environments where you can execute some code. And those environments are often a lot like a browser
V8 is the engine that powers both node on your CLI and Chromium in the browser. And it also powers these edge runtimes. So they're basically little isolated environments where you can execute some code. And those environments are often a lot like a browser So instead of having access to things like the file system, they'll have access to things like a request and response object or a native fetch method and things like that. So this is a super, super long explanation. But I would say edge is a way of describing location
So instead of having access to things like the file system, they'll have access to things like a request and response object or a native fetch method and things like that. So this is a super, super long explanation. But I would say edge is a way of describing location Worker, a worker environment is a way of describing the kind of environment that is running your code. And but typically they get like combined
Worker, a worker environment is a way of describing the kind of environment that is running your code. And but typically they get like combined So when we talk about NUXT running on the edge, we are talking about it supporting this worker environment, which enables it to be deployed to the edge location. So it's what's lots of different sort of locations and so are the frameworks too. But I think this is a really, really nice move
So when we talk about NUXT running on the edge, we are talking about it supporting this worker environment, which enables it to be deployed to the edge location. So it's what's lots of different sort of locations and so are the frameworks too. But I think this is a really, really nice move So and a great pressure. So this move from like a single server that runs for a long time and processes lots of requests was very tolerant of things like slow start because it didn't matter because you only started at once and then it sort of lasted forever
So and a great pressure. So this move from like a single server that runs for a long time and processes lots of requests was very tolerant of things like slow start because it didn't matter because you only started at once and then it sort of lasted forever But with this V8 iSETT thing, these edge networks, they don't have everybody's code running all the time because actually they need to just fire it up quickly to respond to individual requests that are coming in. And so it has to be super fast to start
But with this V8 iSETT thing, these edge networks, they don't have everybody's code running all the time because actually they need to just fire it up quickly to respond to individual requests that are coming in. And so it has to be super fast to start So for example, when we move from NUXT2 to NUXT3, we completely re-re-er the framework. I mean, I'm not sure there's a line of code that's the same. And so in NUXT2, the cold start that amount of time it took to after you ram the code to start NUXT, was about 300 milliseconds to start the server
So for example, when we move from NUXT2 to NUXT3, we completely re-re-er the framework. I mean, I'm not sure there's a line of code that's the same. And so in NUXT2, the cold start that amount of time it took to after you ram the code to start NUXT, was about 300 milliseconds to start the server Now 300 milliseconds is a third of a second. It's not that long, but it's very long if you're adding that to a request. So if someone is making a request, it basically, that's going to mean you're probably going to be a second. It's going to feel like a long response. NUXT3 is one millisecond
Now 300 milliseconds is a third of a second. It's not that long, but it's very long if you're adding that to a request. So if someone is making a request, it basically, that's going to mean you're probably going to be a second. It's going to feel like a long response. NUXT3 is one millisecond So it's 300 times faster than NUXT2. And it doesn't, I mean, obviously, you're my legitimate variable, that's just my laptop. But that means that, oh, and there are other things that add to it
So it's 300 times faster than NUXT2. And it doesn't, I mean, obviously, you're my legitimate variable, that's just my laptop. But that means that, oh, and there are other things that add to it So like, your actual network request, there will be DNS resolutions, so it matters that you have a good name servers and so on
So like, your actual network request, there will be DNS resolutions, so it matters that you have a good name servers and so on It's like if you're on a serverless environment like AWS or the cell in that, if I have serverless environments, as well as edge runtime ones, you'll also have to sort of download and unpack a zip file that has your code in it. So like all of these things add milliseconds
It's like if you're on a serverless environment like AWS or the cell in that, if I have serverless environments, as well as edge runtime ones, you'll also have to sort of download and unpack a zip file that has your code in it. So like all of these things add milliseconds The bit that I'm talking about is just one part of it. And then you also have the amount of time it takes to respond to the request. And then send it back. So like there's lots of different components in there
The bit that I'm talking about is just one part of it. And then you also have the amount of time it takes to respond to the request. And then send it back. So like there's lots of different components in there But one of the significant ones from the point of view of what we have control over as a framework is that amount of time it takes to start the code. And so moving from like 300 to one millisecond is a big deal for us. And one of the things is that we dynamically load the code in, as required
But one of the significant ones from the point of view of what we have control over as a framework is that amount of time it takes to start the code. And so moving from like 300 to one millisecond is a big deal for us. And one of the things is that we dynamically load the code in, as required So actually we don't know the code that isn't needed. And at the moment, that's something that is actually missing on Cloud Flare, but not it is now supported as in it had been missing for a while. But it is now supported, which is a really delightful thing to hear. So hat to you, Jacob
So actually we don't know the code that isn't needed. And at the moment, that's something that is actually missing on Cloud Flare, but not it is now supported as in it had been missing for a while. But it is now supported, which is a really delightful thing to hear. So hat to you, Jacob Okay, that definitely was a lot to take in. Yeah, it did make sense. Yeah, I think the part that I am slightly still a little stuck on is, so it makes sense that edge is from my understanding further away. And but workers are closer or am I backwards? I'm sorry about that
Okay, that definitely was a lot to take in. Yeah, it did make sense. Yeah, I think the part that I am slightly still a little stuck on is, so it makes sense that edge is from my understanding further away. And but workers are closer or am I backwards? I'm sorry about that It's on me probably for using these two terms. Typically, edge and workers are the same. So the edge is the location and the worker work environment is typically used on the edge. So typically they are the same. They don't have to be
It's on me probably for using these two terms. Typically, edge and workers are the same. So the edge is the location and the worker work environment is typically used on the edge. So typically they are the same. They don't have to be So you can have a different kind of environment that's running in that same location. But for me, I don't know, Jacob is saying no in the comments. I don't know what that means. But for me, edge is the location. And a worker environment is a kind of code environment, like a runtime
So you can have a different kind of environment that's running in that same location. But for me, I don't know, Jacob is saying no in the comments. I don't know what that means. But for me, edge is the location. And a worker environment is a kind of code environment, like a runtime You have a node runtime, you have a browser runtime, you can have web workers, you can have different kind of service workers and so on. But that worker kind of environment is often used on the edge
You have a node runtime, you have a browser runtime, you can have web workers, you can have different kind of service workers and so on. But that worker kind of environment is often used on the edge And so typically when people are talking about a deployment target, they're talking about deploying target to the edge, which is close to your users. But yeah. I'm letting that noodle. And then also my dog is barking nonstop in the background. OK. You don't want to come
And so typically when people are talking about a deployment target, they're talking about deploying target to the edge, which is close to your users. But yeah. I'm letting that noodle. And then also my dog is barking nonstop in the background. OK. You don't want to come What kind of dog do you have? I have a golden retriever. Oh, she is a bulldog-piple mix. And she is an old lady that cannot hear anymore. She turns 13 next month. So she cannot hear. So I can't even yell at her. Like I'd have to go find her. I mean, it's not hard
What kind of dog do you have? I have a golden retriever. Oh, she is a bulldog-piple mix. And she is an old lady that cannot hear anymore. She turns 13 next month. So she cannot hear. So I can't even yell at her. Like I'd have to go find her. I mean, it's not hard She's very what up, Akari? And thank you everyone for joining and being a part of our discussion about NUXT, which ended up talking about edge and workers. And there's a lot that goes into it. We've also discussed TypeScript and ESLint. I explained to Josh. It was important that he understand
She's very what up, Akari? And thank you everyone for joining and being a part of our discussion about NUXT, which ended up talking about edge and workers. And there's a lot that goes into it. We've also discussed TypeScript and ESLint. I explained to Josh. It was important that he understand He was a bit confused, it seemed, about TypeScript. And then ESLint just came into the mix. It was important. Yeah. And I felt like you were just doing the same for what Cloudflare does and workers in. Thank you. Thank you for the explanations
He was a bit confused, it seemed, about TypeScript. And then ESLint just came into the mix. It was important. Yeah. And I felt like you were just doing the same for what Cloudflare does and workers in. Thank you. Thank you for the explanations And learner asked a question of serverless means you delegate everything to hosting your hosting and run a small individual functions where your hosting provider takes care of scaling out. It's a pretty fair definition of it, exactly
And learner asked a question of serverless means you delegate everything to hosting your hosting and run a small individual functions where your hosting provider takes care of scaling out. It's a pretty fair definition of it, exactly So of course, there's still service, but you're not really concerned with provisioning the server. You're not concerned with scaling the servers. What you're concerned about is your code
So of course, there's still service, but you're not really concerned with provisioning the server. You're not concerned with scaling the servers. What you're concerned about is your code And so mostly with serverless, you'll have your dependencies, you'll have your code, and they'll take care of firing it up, scaling it, running it. It's a bit like, so yeah, you then can have something like Docker, which is more than that
And so mostly with serverless, you'll have your dependencies, you'll have your code, and they'll take care of firing it up, scaling it, running it. It's a bit like, so yeah, you then can have something like Docker, which is more than that It doesn't really count as serverless in my book, but it can be scaled. And you can have providers who will basically do that with your Docker images. And then you can have full server where you are actually managing it. You've got Ansible or Terraform or something like that
It doesn't really count as serverless in my book, but it can be scaled. And you can have providers who will basically do that with your Docker images. And then you can have full server where you are actually managing it. You've got Ansible or Terraform or something like that Or you've got sort of elaborate Kubernetes deployment strategies. And honestly, if you don't have to deal or think about that, then that's probably a win. For Edge workers, you sort of have to have that for your users nearest regions for performance
Or you've got sort of elaborate Kubernetes deployment strategies. And honestly, if you don't have to deal or think about that, then that's probably a win. For Edge workers, you sort of have to have that for your users nearest regions for performance And Jacob said, education, education, education, education, location, yes. OK. OK, you guys, I'm going to pause on these ones, because now you guys are going on a way above my head. And I'm getting there. I am getting there
And Jacob said, education, education, education, education, location, yes. OK. OK, you guys, I'm going to pause on these ones, because now you guys are going on a way above my head. And I'm getting there. I am getting there I am getting there. But I've only been doing this for a little over a year and have gone to specifically focusing mostly on backend and learning data infrastructure. So, but I still am like, oh, go ahead. No, no, no, sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt. You're good. You're good
I am getting there. But I've only been doing this for a little over a year and have gone to specifically focusing mostly on backend and learning data infrastructure. So, but I still am like, oh, go ahead. No, no, no, sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt. You're good. You're good You're good. I definitely feel like it's something that we were talking about this before we started streaming. Of how complicated all of this can be to learn. Like you also need to learn
You're good. I definitely feel like it's something that we were talking about this before we started streaming. Of how complicated all of this can be to learn. Like you also need to learn And as many of you know, practicing and actually doing it myself instead of just theory, because I can get the theory, but then I actually need to code it. It's been a lot of fun. But it can be very difficult to understand what all of these go into. And before I go a bit more into NUX, I'm curious
And as many of you know, practicing and actually doing it myself instead of just theory, because I can get the theory, but then I actually need to code it. It's been a lot of fun. But it can be very difficult to understand what all of these go into. And before I go a bit more into NUX, I'm curious If you were to build a full stack app, what tech would you use? What would your tech stack be? Ooh, that is a good question. But I mean, I, and I want to. But I mean, I do completely agree with what you said about how complex some of this is
If you were to build a full stack app, what tech would you use? What would your tech stack be? Ooh, that is a good question. But I mean, I, and I want to. But I mean, I do completely agree with what you said about how complex some of this is Because I think thinking about this, I mean, I've sort of picked bits up here and there over a little while. Like this is really tough. If you're just suddenly thinking, I must understand everything. And you've got like even NUXed, you know, it's, OK, it runs on node in development
Because I think thinking about this, I mean, I've sort of picked bits up here and there over a little while. Like this is really tough. If you're just suddenly thinking, I must understand everything. And you've got like even NUXed, you know, it's, OK, it runs on node in development It runs on node.js runtime, which is, you know, in the command line. And you have to understand what's going on in the command line in the node environment. But it actually can deploy to different environments
It runs on node.js runtime, which is, you know, in the command line. And you have to understand what's going on in the command line in the node environment. But it actually can deploy to different environments And under the hood, it uses Veech to build your code, which uses rollup under the hood to build your code. And so you have plugins which can do all kinds of different things. Obviously, your deployment target is going to run in a different environment
And under the hood, it uses Veech to build your code, which uses rollup under the hood to build your code. And so you have plugins which can do all kinds of different things. Obviously, your deployment target is going to run in a different environment You have to understand a little bit about that. We use Nitro as a server framework to compile everything and run it. And you have to understand things about request and response handlers. You might also have to all want to understand things about the node request and response object
You have to understand a little bit about that. We use Nitro as a server framework to compile everything and run it. And you have to understand things about request and response handlers. You might also have to all want to understand things about the node request and response object You might also want to understand, you know, what's going on with, with stuff, you know, in your node modules and how dependencies work. And some of the different things that are involved and it's phenomenally complex. Like it's not an easy thing
You might also want to understand, you know, what's going on with, with stuff, you know, in your node modules and how dependencies work. And some of the different things that are involved and it's phenomenally complex. Like it's not an easy thing If you're trying to, I mean, I don't want anybody to have to know any of that to use NUXED. But the moment you start digging, it's hard to understand everything that's going on in WebDev. I mean, we have it very fortunate in lots of ways. We don't have to write WebPie complex anymore
If you're trying to, I mean, I don't want anybody to have to know any of that to use NUXED. But the moment you start digging, it's hard to understand everything that's going on in WebDev. I mean, we have it very fortunate in lots of ways. We don't have to write WebPie complex anymore But there's a lot to grasp for sure. Sorry, you were asking tech stack. So I really think it depends a little bit on what you're building. I think there are a lot of good choices out there
But there's a lot to grasp for sure. Sorry, you were asking tech stack. So I really think it depends a little bit on what you're building. I think there are a lot of good choices out there I can, rather than say an ideal tech stack, I can tell you, I built one a little SAS last year, which I haven't launched yet because I don't have time to make it look nice enough. But I built that on a used NUXED for the app
I can, rather than say an ideal tech stack, I can tell you, I built one a little SAS last year, which I haven't launched yet because I don't have time to make it look nice enough. But I built that on a used NUXED for the app I built a use super-base for authentication and real-time database updates. I used Stripe to handle a billing. I used, I think I used Send Grid at the time to handle programmatic transactional emails. I used, and I think I deployed it to Vazal. And the whole thing, it works
I built a use super-base for authentication and real-time database updates. I used Stripe to handle a billing. I used, I think I used Send Grid at the time to handle programmatic transactional emails. I used, and I think I deployed it to Vazal. And the whole thing, it works At some point, I'd need to launch it. But honestly, I personally like picking different things. So I like not always going for the same one because it's better, I feel, like, sort of get from the new year with different things that are out there, rather than always sticking to the same thing
At some point, I'd need to launch it. But honestly, I personally like picking different things. So I like not always going for the same one because it's better, I feel, like, sort of get from the new year with different things that are out there, rather than always sticking to the same thing Thank you. And even what Jacob said in the chat, there's also so many different people are going to have different tech stacks on making, can make something similar
Thank you. And even what Jacob said in the chat, there's also so many different people are going to have different tech stacks on making, can make something similar And when you're starting out, at least from my experience, I'm not necessarily going to be seeing a ton of difference with building a simple app using, like, if it's going to be milliseconds or anything like that for runtime, because I'm not going to be building a big enough app to really notice these things
And when you're starting out, at least from my experience, I'm not necessarily going to be seeing a ton of difference with building a simple app using, like, if it's going to be milliseconds or anything like that for runtime, because I'm not going to be building a big enough app to really notice these things Yet, something that I have found very valuable is when you have, when you build a community, and you're part of a community, using tribal knowledge is something that is so valuable and be able to get answers
Yet, something that I have found very valuable is when you have, when you build a community, and you're part of a community, using tribal knowledge is something that is so valuable and be able to get answers So, like, with Jacob's community, we are the OSRG Discord, and they mainly do things in React and the T3 stack that Theo talks about a lot
So, like, with Jacob's community, we are the OSRG Discord, and they mainly do things in React and the T3 stack that Theo talks about a lot And it's easier to get questions answered if I'm using something from there, where if I'm doing something with View or NUXed, there's the View School Discord, there's the NUX, there's like so many different ones, and view trying to think of all of the discreets that there are there too, that to get the answers there
And it's easier to get questions answered if I'm using something from there, where if I'm doing something with View or NUXed, there's the View School Discord, there's the NUX, there's like so many different ones, and view trying to think of all of the discreets that there are there too, that to get the answers there So, it's for myself, if somebody were to be like, yo, which ones would you use? I like using the ones that make the most sense and have the most community
So, it's for myself, if somebody were to be like, yo, which ones would you use? I like using the ones that make the most sense and have the most community And also, when I have, like, I haven't touched Svelte at all, I'm like Svelte, I know it's a word, it's a thing, I'll get to it maybe someday, yet it's not as popular, doesn't mean it's bad, but, and yes, Jacob, lots of TypeScript, everything is TypeScript
And also, when I have, like, I haven't touched Svelte at all, I'm like Svelte, I know it's a word, it's a thing, I'll get to it maybe someday, yet it's not as popular, doesn't mean it's bad, but, and yes, Jacob, lots of TypeScript, everything is TypeScript Josh has been here, you're here, like, everybody loves TypeScript, don't worry. Oh, by the way, just to throw in a plug, we have a NUXed Discord server, which is 100% why I would recommend coming to ask questions if you are wanting to build a NUXed project. Yes, yes
Josh has been here, you're here, like, everybody loves TypeScript, don't worry. Oh, by the way, just to throw in a plug, we have a NUXed Discord server, which is 100% why I would recommend coming to ask questions if you are wanting to build a NUXed project. Yes, yes Yes, yes. Just, no, I'm not going to your job, I know you know, but. I thought I said it, did I not say it? Because I meant to, I said it. Yeah. I said it in my head. I think you said it, I think you said it, yeah. And yes, Daniel was on Resells Stream and will be on Nixstream tomorrow
Yes, yes. Just, no, I'm not going to your job, I know you know, but. I thought I said it, did I not say it? Because I meant to, I said it. Yeah. I said it in my head. I think you said it, I think you said it, yeah. And yes, Daniel was on Resells Stream and will be on Nixstream tomorrow This is actually a big reason. He was on Resells Stream and I was like, I feel like hung out with you during conferences, like three times and I haven't had you on the stream yet. So I was like, you need to come on my stream too
This is actually a big reason. He was on Resells Stream and I was like, I feel like hung out with you during conferences, like three times and I haven't had you on the stream yet. So I was like, you need to come on my stream too And that does bring up a great question that I love to tell you went into this on Resells Stream with GitHub was, how did you get into using NUXed and into the technical fields
And that does bring up a great question that I love to tell you went into this on Resells Stream with GitHub was, how did you get into using NUXed and into the technical fields Because a lot of people, and I feel like teachers are a huge part of this in the US at least because like trying to find better jobs and opportunities
Because a lot of people, and I feel like teachers are a huge part of this in the US at least because like trying to find better jobs and opportunities How did you get into NUXed and being where you are today? So I, it's a good question. So I, it's a long, so basically when I was a kid, I taught myself to program visual basic, just for fun and sort of I was enjoyed to computers
How did you get into NUXed and being where you are today? So I, it's a good question. So I, it's a long, so basically when I was a kid, I taught myself to program visual basic, just for fun and sort of I was enjoyed to computers So I had Linux and I remember sort of getting different little CDs of different Linux distros and trying them out. So I sort of could, I knew my way around, so I would write, when I went to university, they had this wonderful library of classical music but it could be downloaded
So I had Linux and I remember sort of getting different little CDs of different Linux distros and trying them out. So I sort of could, I knew my way around, so I would write, when I went to university, they had this wonderful library of classical music but it could be downloaded So I wrote a prel script to download it all and listen to it on my computer offline. So things like that would really useful just tools. But I didn't study it. I didn't study it. I studied law, which was great. I enjoyed that. Study theology, actually worked for a church for a number of years
So I wrote a prel script to download it all and listen to it on my computer offline. So things like that would really useful just tools. But I didn't study it. I didn't study it. I studied law, which was great. I enjoyed that. Study theology, actually worked for a church for a number of years And then I started a creative agency. And gradually we needed to deliver more digital products. It was a message agency. We focused on clarity of communication, figuring out how to communicate what was special or unique about the business. But we needed to deliver some projects
And then I started a creative agency. And gradually we needed to deliver more digital products. It was a message agency. We focused on clarity of communication, figuring out how to communicate what was special or unique about the business. But we needed to deliver some projects So I started doing design work. I started building websites and initially in WordPress. But then more and more we tried to sort of make it more sort of modern WordPress stuff like routes. We're using Laravel inspired technology. And then through Laravel I discovered view
So I started doing design work. I started building websites and initially in WordPress. But then more and more we tried to sort of make it more sort of modern WordPress stuff like routes. We're using Laravel inspired technology. And then through Laravel I discovered view And then one day I said, hey, we're switching. Switching, we're going to build this next product in NUXT, which I had just found out about. And that was basically how we discovered it. I switched my agency to NUXT. My lead dev did not like it. When I told them that's what we're going to do
And then one day I said, hey, we're switching. Switching, we're going to build this next product in NUXT, which I had just found out about. And that was basically how we discovered it. I switched my agency to NUXT. My lead dev did not like it. When I told them that's what we're going to do And then I just started contributing. So as we started doing things, we built, I then pivoted into SAS and built an app for a SAS startup, which I then acquired called parent scheme. And we built that in NUXT and basically contributed that way. So I just did it because I enjoyed it
And then I just started contributing. So as we started doing things, we built, I then pivoted into SAS and built an app for a SAS startup, which I then acquired called parent scheme. And we built that in NUXT and basically contributed that way. So I just did it because I enjoyed it And then when I decided to shut down a parent scheme, or actually a little bit before that I had joined the core team
And then when I decided to shut down a parent scheme, or actually a little bit before that I had joined the core team But when I decided to shut down basically Sebastian, pretty quickly said, hey, what do you think about sort of full time doing open source? And that was the start of some exciting things that's about two years ago now. Yay
But when I decided to shut down basically Sebastian, pretty quickly said, hey, what do you think about sort of full time doing open source? And that was the start of some exciting things that's about two years ago now. Yay Yay. What were you using before you switched to NUXT? Before NUXT, I was using view just on its own in the browser, sort of raw template strings, runtime, compiler, view loaded in the, like from a CDN, that kind of thing. Jess is here. Hey. Jess has a go in. Yes
Yay. What were you using before you switched to NUXT? Before NUXT, I was using view just on its own in the browser, sort of raw template strings, runtime, compiler, view loaded in the, like from a CDN, that kind of thing. Jess is here. Hey. Jess has a go in. Yes Yes. And Jess will be on the show eventually too to talk about view stuff, view and things
Yes. And Jess will be on the show eventually too to talk about view stuff, view and things And for those who don't know, if you ever decide to do a late night stream where it's like co-working, but everyone else is bullshitting and you're stuck on CSS, Jess may join your stream to talk you through it and help you on CSS. That is how I met Jess
And for those who don't know, if you ever decide to do a late night stream where it's like co-working, but everyone else is bullshitting and you're stuck on CSS, Jess may join your stream to talk you through it and help you on CSS. That is how I met Jess And yes, so five years ago, okay, that makes sense on your timeline too, on getting into NUXT and your first issue that you submitted. That's exciting. Five years ago. Crazy. And you are welcome to alert Jess
And yes, so five years ago, okay, that makes sense on your timeline too, on getting into NUXT and your first issue that you submitted. That's exciting. Five years ago. Crazy. And you are welcome to alert Jess This is the fun part about Teach Gen Tech is, it's you're not going to be forced to be in the conversation. Well, sometimes if you're like Josh and Jacob, then maybe you'll be forced into the conversation. All right. Something edge, edge, something. Yes, type scripts. All right
This is the fun part about Teach Gen Tech is, it's you're not going to be forced to be in the conversation. Well, sometimes if you're like Josh and Jacob, then maybe you'll be forced into the conversation. All right. Something edge, edge, something. Yes, type scripts. All right All right. So we talked a lot about how you got into this, a lot of more theory on like the differences between a framework and a meta framework and typescript, ESLINT, edge cloud workers, how you got into this. And also about next nation view nation view for it
All right. So we talked a lot about how you got into this, a lot of more theory on like the differences between a framework and a meta framework and typescript, ESLINT, edge cloud workers, how you got into this. And also about next nation view nation view for it And another view for it just as the next two days, which y'all should come hang out because I'll be MC and it'll be fun. And it's free and it's with view school. But I do love it
And another view for it just as the next two days, which y'all should come hang out because I'll be MC and it'll be fun. And it's free and it's with view school. But I do love it But I do love it. Like if people don't know what view for it is, it is totally worth saying because it is, and I think it's one of the best formats out there. So it's free event. You learn to build something
But I do love it. Like if people don't know what view for it is, it is totally worth saying because it is, and I think it's one of the best formats out there. So it's free event. You learn to build something So you can, you basically code alongside lots of other people, lots and lots of other people. There are periodic talks from people who talk through how they built different bits of it. And things like and as well as other kind of, that there are mentors you can approach and ask for advice
So you can, you basically code alongside lots of other people, lots and lots of other people. There are periodic talks from people who talk through how they built different bits of it. And things like and as well as other kind of, that there are mentors you can approach and ask for advice Like the whole thing feels like fantastic fun to me. Like I would totally be up for that. Yay. Thank you. And the one that we're doing the next two days is gonna be building code with blockchain, learning about crowdfunding and discovering web three more
Like the whole thing feels like fantastic fun to me. Like I would totally be up for that. Yay. Thank you. And the one that we're doing the next two days is gonna be building code with blockchain, learning about crowdfunding and discovering web three more And yeah, Daniel answered your questions, so that made it easy. Yep. Although you can do certain parts of Astro with specific meta frameworks. Correct. I think so. And built on Astro in a minute
And yeah, Daniel answered your questions, so that made it easy. Yep. Although you can do certain parts of Astro with specific meta frameworks. Correct. I think so. And built on Astro in a minute What do you mean you can use Astro to do things or you mean you can do the things that Astro does in other frameworks? I would say both because I think you can use other frameworks within Astro as well
What do you mean you can use Astro to do things or you mean you can do the things that Astro does in other frameworks? I would say both because I think you can use other frameworks within Astro as well So Astro supports more than, so you know, for example, with NUX, you're just using view Astro supports different ones. You could have you react solid spelt. I think it supports all of them. But it is a meta framework like NUX. So NUX is a static site generator as well. And so it's Astro
So Astro supports more than, so you know, for example, with NUX, you're just using view Astro supports different ones. You could have you react solid spelt. I think it supports all of them. But it is a meta framework like NUX. So NUX is a static site generator as well. And so it's Astro And so it's Astro. So they're both in the same kind of space of something on top, built on top of other other frameworks. I would have said. But maybe not. I like, I like it. I think it's a good explanation. I am commenting Astro just so that way, y'all can see that
And so it's Astro. So they're both in the same kind of space of something on top, built on top of other other frameworks. I would have said. But maybe not. I like, I like it. I think it's a good explanation. I am commenting Astro just so that way, y'all can see that But also if I don't know what we might build, but I'm totally down to see if I can install it. Let's see if I can actually install Next and use it. And I'm just going to next.com. I'm going to share my screen. I don't know what I'm going to build
But also if I don't know what we might build, but I'm totally down to see if I can install it. Let's see if I can actually install Next and use it. And I'm just going to next.com. I'm going to share my screen. I don't know what I'm going to build We're just going to see how easy it is to actually install. And I will say this because y'all, I haven't done this in a minute. I've been very focused for work for a while that I haven't even like touch this stuff. But for NPX, I can use NPM instead, right? I would think
We're just going to see how easy it is to actually install. And I will say this because y'all, I haven't done this in a minute. I've been very focused for work for a while that I haven't even like touch this stuff. But for NPX, I can use NPM instead, right? I would think I think NPX will execute it directly from NPM. So this means you don't need to install anything before running the command. So I think it is NPM, but it's just the executable better. I guess I can just take this. Sit on the edge of my seat and watch. See what happens
I think NPX will execute it directly from NPM. So this means you don't need to install anything before running the command. So I think it is NPM, but it's just the executable better. I guess I can just take this. Sit on the edge of my seat and watch. See what happens See what happens. Yes, we will install the following packages. Because I definitely didn't do this at all. What are all the conferences you've been going to, Daniel? So, well, I don't think it's not been too many, but there are a few coming up
See what happens. Yes, we will install the following packages. Because I definitely didn't do this at all. What are all the conferences you've been going to, Daniel? So, well, I don't think it's not been too many, but there are a few coming up But just recently, I was at the We Are Devs World Congress in Berlin. World Congress. I mean, that sounds like insane. And it was huge. There were 10,000 people. You'll run NPM or PNPM or you're going to install first. Yeah, a skip lines, which nobody will be surprised about here
But just recently, I was at the We Are Devs World Congress in Berlin. World Congress. I mean, that sounds like insane. And it was huge. There were 10,000 people. You'll run NPM or PNPM or you're going to install first. Yeah, a skip lines, which nobody will be surprised about here Well, let me change screen so it's easier to see. I am really bad about skipping lines. I try not to. I really do. It happens. It's not that I'm not the best at it. Not skipping lines
Well, let me change screen so it's easier to see. I am really bad about skipping lines. I try not to. I really do. It happens. It's not that I'm not the best at it. Not skipping lines Not skipping lines. And how is the conference? Did you do a talk at it or did you attend? I gave a talk about I built NUTS from scratch or something less than NUTS, but similar in concept. And that was fun. That was a lot of fun. But I mean, there was huge numbers of people
Not skipping lines. And how is the conference? Did you do a talk at it or did you attend? I gave a talk about I built NUTS from scratch or something less than NUTS, but similar in concept. And that was fun. That was a lot of fun. But I mean, there was huge numbers of people There were, it was in some ways overwhelming. So there were 10,000 people at the conference. But obviously lots and lots of tracks. So there were people who were constantly. And huge numbers of exhibitors. It just felt it was a huge, huge thing
There were, it was in some ways overwhelming. So there were 10,000 people at the conference. But obviously lots and lots of tracks. So there were people who were constantly. And huge numbers of exhibitors. It just felt it was a huge, huge thing What I often struggle with at conference, like I love conferences because I like meeting and people and talking to people. And finding out what other people are doing and what cool things are out there in the world. The, the, yeah, a map. That's right. It's not quite as sketchy as the title
What I often struggle with at conference, like I love conferences because I like meeting and people and talking to people. And finding out what other people are doing and what cool things are out there in the world. The, the, yeah, a map. That's right. It's not quite as sketchy as the title But with 10,000 people, you can feel a little bit overwhelmed in some ways. And like, because what I, I want, I want connection. I want people that I get to know and actually like and, you know
But with 10,000 people, you can feel a little bit overwhelmed in some ways. And like, because what I, I want, I want connection. I want people that I get to know and actually like and, you know And for so much, for me, it's I, when I go to places, I meet people that I actually know because they've been, I've seen them, we've talked on Discord or they've contributed somehow. Or we're in the same circles or Twitter or whatever
And for so much, for me, it's I, when I go to places, I meet people that I actually know because they've been, I've seen them, we've talked on Discord or they've contributed somehow. Or we're in the same circles or Twitter or whatever And there were actually great opportunities to meet people that even though it was so big, and actually have some nice conversations too. So I would guess you are teller to your mobile phone based on some of those networks that are popping up. But maybe not. Actually, no
And there were actually great opportunities to meet people that even though it was so big, and actually have some nice conversations too. So I would guess you are teller to your mobile phone based on some of those networks that are popping up. But maybe not. Actually, no Actually, no. Well, I mean, they're all on the same network. I don't know. Interesting. But we got to look how easy it was. I think that's one of the scariest things is installing from the first time. And just so that way, people can see a bit more of what I did
Actually, no. Well, I mean, they're all on the same network. I don't know. Interesting. But we got to look how easy it was. I think that's one of the scariest things is installing from the first time. And just so that way, people can see a bit more of what I did In case you've never installed any of these before, or not as familiar with it, is, when you go to like nux.com, you can install the framework and get started with an app by majority of the sites like this or Astro will have the copy
In case you've never installed any of these before, or not as familiar with it, is, when you go to like nux.com, you can install the framework and get started with an app by majority of the sites like this or Astro will have the copy And once you're in the folder, you want to go to that is what I did very at the very beginning. And then we went into the app itself and did the NPM install. And well, we did the NPM run, which let us look at the actual site, which is this one. Yay
And once you're in the folder, you want to go to that is what I did very at the very beginning. And then we went into the app itself and did the NPM install. And well, we did the NPM run, which let us look at the actual site, which is this one. Yay Yay. Just to say, if anyone else is looking to start a new app, and I didn't tell you this, but there's another site as well, which you can access from the header. If you go back to the next website, you can see the link on the nux logo at the top. And if you click that drop down, there's also nux
Yay. Just to say, if anyone else is looking to start a new app, and I didn't tell you this, but there's another site as well, which you can access from the header. If you go back to the next website, you can see the link on the nux logo at the top. And if you click that drop down, there's also nuxnew. And on that site, it will basically give you the same command, but it will also give you, if you scroll down, a range of other starters that let you start with some other templates
new. And on that site, it will basically give you the same command, but it will also give you, if you scroll down, a range of other starters that let you start with some other templates And there are also, if you click the link at the top of the page to themes, you can also start with some themed projects. And there's a nux that has the ability to sort of have a theme that you can install, and then you write all your own code, but it's themed that way
And there are also, if you click the link at the top of the page to themes, you can also start with some themed projects. And there's a nux that has the ability to sort of have a theme that you can install, and then you write all your own code, but it's themed that way And yeah, it might inject components or composables into your thing. And so those are a few themes. So those are just some other ways people might want to get started if they want to get started. When did this come out? Because I think this is newer than last time I looked at nux
And yeah, it might inject components or composables into your thing. And so those are a few themes. So those are just some other ways people might want to get started if they want to get started. When did this come out? Because I think this is newer than last time I looked at nux Yeah, well, I think one of the main things that's happened is that we've linked to it. It came out, I think it's been, it's probably about a year ago, that we first built nux.new, but we've only just re, we actually redesigned it and rebuilt it. And so, and now it's, and then linked to it
Yeah, well, I think one of the main things that's happened is that we've linked to it. It came out, I think it's been, it's probably about a year ago, that we first built nux.new, but we've only just re, we actually redesigned it and rebuilt it. And so, and now it's, and then linked to it And there's also another one. If you go to the top, you can click, nuxers, and this was a fun thing. Someone said this on the discord, and I basically quickly built a proof of concept and Sebastian, and some of the next lab team have sort of rebuilt it
And there's also another one. If you go to the top, you can click, nuxers, and this was a fun thing. Someone said this on the discord, and I basically quickly built a proof of concept and Sebastian, and some of the next lab team have sort of rebuilt it But if you connect with GitHub, it will pull in how many pull requests you've made to nuxed or unjs and issues and comments and things like that. And you can get a special role in the nux discord if you want. That was quite fun. I'm excited about this
But if you connect with GitHub, it will pull in how many pull requests you've made to nuxed or unjs and issues and comments and things like that. And you can get a special role in the nux discord if you want. That was quite fun. I'm excited about this I, and I feel like this wasn't quite out with the nux studio. Right, today. Next studio is, so next.studio is the website. And that is a commercial product, which is being built by nux labs. So, nux labs is a company
I, and I feel like this wasn't quite out with the nux studio. Right, today. Next studio is, so next.studio is the website. And that is a commercial product, which is being built by nux labs. So, nux labs is a company It's, it's founded by the same people who created nux, so Sebastian and Alex Chopin. But it's not, it's not a project of nux. So, nux is an open source independent framework. But it's not a project of nux. It's a commercial product. It's great. It looks fantastic to me. It's sort of get based CMS
It's, it's founded by the same people who created nux, so Sebastian and Alex Chopin. But it's not, it's not a project of nux. So, nux is an open source independent framework. But it's not a project of nux. It's a commercial product. It's great. It looks fantastic to me. It's sort of get based CMS With the GitHub integrations, you have previews, like branch previews. Even works on GitHub pages for giving you branch previews. Even though you don't have, it doesn't deploy them. You can still actually preview the changes on your live site, which is a lot of fun
With the GitHub integrations, you have previews, like branch previews. Even works on GitHub pages for giving you branch previews. Even though you don't have, it doesn't deploy them. You can still actually preview the changes on your live site, which is a lot of fun So, but I think it's currently, you have to sign up for the nux. It's a wait list, but they are letting people in all this long. I, I signed up quite some time ago, and I'm like, I wonder if I actually got it into it or not, but I'm not. You're not going in. I don't know
So, but I think it's currently, you have to sign up for the nux. It's a wait list, but they are letting people in all this long. I, I signed up quite some time ago, and I'm like, I wonder if I actually got it into it or not, but I'm not. You're not going in. I don't know I don't know. I can poke, I can poke Sebastian. Like, come on, Sebastian, let Jen in. Maybe, maybe. I, I don't remember. I know that I've become like so drowned in work that I've like, and moving. I move states about a month ago. And so I'm like, I kind of fell off the edge of the world
I don't know. I can poke, I can poke Sebastian. Like, come on, Sebastian, let Jen in. Maybe, maybe. I, I don't remember. I know that I've become like so drowned in work that I've like, and moving. I move states about a month ago. And so I'm like, I kind of fell off the edge of the world I was like, I forget the rest of the everything that's going on. So I'll have to look into it. But for those who have not looked into a next app and doing the install, we didn't do it with a theme. I'm so sorry if y'all can hear my dog. I'm hoping she stops soon. Not sure
I was like, I forget the rest of the everything that's going on. So I'll have to look into it. But for those who have not looked into a next app and doing the install, we didn't do it with a theme. I'm so sorry if y'all can hear my dog. I'm hoping she stops soon. Not sure Not sure. But it's, you can go in here and be able to look at all of the different options. And let's see, I actually haven't gotten. Okay, here we go. It's actually not to you like different. This is fun. It's my first time looking at it y'all
Not sure. But it's, you can go in here and be able to look at all of the different options. And let's see, I actually haven't gotten. Okay, here we go. It's actually not to you like different. This is fun. It's my first time looking at it y'all So that's why I'm like, I don't know where anything is. So that folder, that dot, that's full that is all generated stuff. And it's mostly for telling your editor, your IDE, like what is available in the next environment. So you shouldn't really need to get into it unless you want to
So that's why I'm like, I don't know where anything is. So that folder, that dot, that's full that is all generated stuff. And it's mostly for telling your editor, your IDE, like what is available in the next environment. So you shouldn't really need to get into it unless you want to The main entry point for you is app.view. So everything that is currently displaying in your site is an app.view. And by the way, I love your, your editor theme. Like it feels quite fun. Yeah, I would definitely install that. The line, which is also powering web storm now for, for view
The main entry point for you is app.view. So everything that is currently displaying in your site is an app.view. And by the way, I love your, your editor theme. Like it feels quite fun. Yeah, I would definitely install that. The line, which is also powering web storm now for, for view And also some other languages too. So basically if you were to get rid of next, that next welcome component there. And just type something or type put some HTML. Then that is going to show up in your browser at the moment you save that. The most exciting I know. Oh, I got to redo it
And also some other languages too. So basically if you were to get rid of next, that next welcome component there. And just type something or type put some HTML. Then that is going to show up in your browser at the moment you save that. The most exciting I know. Oh, I got to redo it Oh, yes, the dev server doesn't need to be running. Yeah, that does that does have to happen. Oh, hey, it works. That's it. Yeah. Oh, now at the bottom of the page, you can see next DevTools
Oh, yes, the dev server doesn't need to be running. Yeah, that does that does have to happen. Oh, hey, it works. That's it. Yeah. Oh, now at the bottom of the page, you can see next DevTools So if you click that little, yeah, if you click that, you can basically now go and click any element in the page. And it will take you back to like show you where that came from. That's cool. Yeah, it's not bad. So you can basically like click to go back to the source
So if you click that little, yeah, if you click that, you can basically now go and click any element in the page. And it will take you back to like show you where that came from. That's cool. Yeah, it's not bad. So you can basically like click to go back to the source And you can actually, is that working for you? Um, no. It's not yet. Doesn't mean I'm clicking it right. Oh, maybe you have to get started. Anyway, if you click that little mountain on the left, the next logo. And then say, yeah, I'm happy to get started
And you can actually, is that working for you? Um, no. It's not yet. Doesn't mean I'm clicking it right. Oh, maybe you have to get started. Anyway, if you click that little mountain on the left, the next logo. And then say, yeah, I'm happy to get started What's happening now? I don't, I don't know. I broke it. There we go. Oh, you know, when you click the thing to select, it hides the DevTools. So you can see underneath it. That's what's going on. And you click get start or yeah, or just go straight in. There are lots of different
What's happening now? I don't, I don't know. I broke it. There we go. Oh, you know, when you click the thing to select, it hides the DevTools. So you can see underneath it. That's what's going on. And you click get start or yeah, or just go straight in. There are lots of different Stop clicking stuff. This is like the story of my life. Everybody tells me, Jen, stop clicking stuff. Don't stop clicking stuff. Clicking stuff is basically how anybody ever discovers anything. Like that's that's how I know half of the things or anything that I know is because I click stuff
Stop clicking stuff. This is like the story of my life. Everybody tells me, Jen, stop clicking stuff. Don't stop clicking stuff. Clicking stuff is basically how anybody ever discovers anything. Like that's that's how I know half of the things or anything that I know is because I click stuff So like always click stuff. So I think, yeah, but there are lots of different little things you can explore in there. Cool. So it will sort of expose a lot of information. There won't be any pages because we just have the one app that you bit
So like always click stuff. So I think, yeah, but there are lots of different little things you can explore in there. Cool. So it will sort of expose a lot of information. There won't be any pages because we just have the one app that you bit Like if you click on modules, for example, the one which is we need to get like text. So you can see them. But that one. You can install a new module. And this is how you knock one of the unique things about NUX as opposed to next, for example, is that we have like a really extensive
Like if you click on modules, for example, the one which is we need to get like text. So you can see them. But that one. You can install a new module. And this is how you knock one of the unique things about NUX as opposed to next, for example, is that we have like a really extensive It's really extensible. So you can pick some kind of integration that you want to have in your app. And it has full control of NUX. And we expose lots of different ways you can integrate with it. So you can pick. These are all a lot of these are community modules
It's really extensible. So you can pick some kind of integration that you want to have in your app. And it has full control of NUX. And we expose lots of different ways you can integrate with it. So you can pick. These are all a lot of these are community modules People can submit their modules to be listed in our API. And then it gets pulled down into things like DevTools and listed on the website as well. And if you just click pick something and click. You can see some details. Just yeah, click there. And oh, this is for security
People can submit their modules to be listed in our API. And then it gets pulled down into things like DevTools and listed on the website as well. And if you just click pick something and click. You can see some details. Just yeah, click there. And oh, this is for security If you go back to your your terminal, you have to click a link. So then make sure that it's not some. Like nefarious person trying to install something in your own in your operating system. Right. And that that it you did a Google search for it. If you if you go and and put it again. And. Right
If you go back to your your terminal, you have to click a link. So then make sure that it's not some. Like nefarious person trying to install something in your own in your operating system. Right. And that that it you did a Google search for it. If you if you go and and put it again. And. Right And. Right. Yeah, that should be no, no, I think maybe there's a space at the beginning. Maybe that's why it's doing the search. See if you can backspace. Oh, okay, there the two dot the two columns at the beginning. So you can go backspace, backspace, backspace, and then local host
And. Right. Yeah, that should be no, no, I think maybe there's a space at the beginning. Maybe that's why it's doing the search. See if you can backspace. Oh, okay, there the two dot the two columns at the beginning. So you can go backspace, backspace, backspace, and then local host This is not as seamless as it should be. You only have to do it once. And then your computer. Okay, so if you go back. Yeah, they're there. It's right here. If you go back to the original tab. Then you can cancel that and restart the installation again. That's a little bit of a paint. Try it again
This is not as seamless as it should be. You only have to do it once. And then your computer. Okay, so if you go back. Yeah, they're there. It's right here. If you go back to the original tab. Then you can cancel that and restart the installation again. That's a little bit of a paint. Try it again Try it again. Form kit. Hopefully. So it's going to install the module and then add like configure in your next config. So you can just click the install button in the bottom right. And hopefully that's going to install it. Fingers crossed. There you go. There's the terminal
Try it again. Form kit. Hopefully. So it's going to install the module and then add like configure in your next config. So you can just click the install button in the bottom right. And hopefully that's going to install it. Fingers crossed. There you go. There's the terminal And I think next is probably just restarting in the background. So yeah, it's installed. You have a new module. It's enabled. So if you go in looking in an axe config, it's already set up there for you. And. There it is. Okay, this is fine. This. Y'all. Y'all need to do this. This is great
And I think next is probably just restarting in the background. So yeah, it's installed. You have a new module. It's enabled. So if you go in looking in an axe config, it's already set up there for you. And. There it is. Okay, this is fine. This. Y'all. Y'all need to do this. This is great This is great. That was a lot. So this. So there's stuff. Like and there are other integrations to whatever. Like CMS you want to do. But you can see some of the things that next exposes. There are 125 built in composables that are available. And you can see those
This is great. That was a lot. So this. So there's stuff. Like and there are other integrations to whatever. Like CMS you want to do. But you can see some of the things that next exposes. There are 125 built in composables that are available. And you can see those You can see which ones are being used in your app. The ones in white are actually being used. Those are being used by NUX itself. But you can also use some of yourself. And some packages that you install are modules will add their own composables. And this is a good way of seeing them
You can see which ones are being used in your app. The ones in white are actually being used. Those are being used by NUX itself. But you can also use some of yourself. And some packages that you install are modules will add their own composables. And this is a good way of seeing them And actually some of them will also add documentation in the DevTools. You can see the docs right there. When you're using stuff. But honestly, explore it. There's lots and lots of stuff in there to see. You can click that enable routing button there to enable it
And actually some of them will also add documentation in the DevTools. You can see the docs right there. When you're using stuff. But honestly, explore it. There's lots and lots of stuff in there to see. You can click that enable routing button there to enable it At the moment, if you just have one file, which is app. If you would service everything, but if you click enable routing, it'll create a pages directory for you. And. It might reload or something. I'm going to. Yeah. And you go back to your ID and did it do anything. It might have done something
At the moment, if you just have one file, which is app. If you would service everything, but if you click enable routing, it'll create a pages directory for you. And. It might reload or something. I'm going to. Yeah. And you go back to your ID and did it do anything. It might have done something Yeah, it created a pages. Okay. And then. File on that. And so all you then need to do in your app.view. Is put a next. It actually added NUX page for you. That's great. So you can actually just go back to your browser and refresh. And I think you should see now. A. Just
Yeah, it created a pages. Okay. And then. File on that. And so all you then need to do in your app.view. Is put a next. It actually added NUX page for you. That's great. So you can actually just go back to your browser and refresh. And I think you should see now. A. Just A. Just. Hit refresh at the top of the page. And. It's possible you might have to restart your dev server. You won't after 3.7 comes out tomorrow, but it's possible you have to. Nothing like having you on like the day before. Yay. And it's set up. Cool. So. And there's
A. Just. Hit refresh at the top of the page. And. It's possible you might have to restart your dev server. You won't after 3.7 comes out tomorrow, but it's possible you have to. Nothing like having you on like the day before. Yay. And it's set up. Cool. So. And there's So. And there's. So in that now you can click into the page and you can see. Stuff like how your roots are trans and like match the pages. So this is. Like this is the route. You can then navigate between them
So. And there's. So in that now you can click into the page and you can see. Stuff like how your roots are trans and like match the pages. So this is. Like this is the route. You can then navigate between them You can have middleware that's going to control whether people can access certain pages or not. And this basically exposes all of that. So you can see and explore it. You just go. Can you drag and drop your assets in here too. Or you still have to go through the ID
You can have middleware that's going to control whether people can access certain pages or not. And this basically exposes all of that. So you can see and explore it. You just go. Can you drag and drop your assets in here too. Or you still have to go through the ID Somehow I feel you can't, but it's a good idea. Like we should add that as a feature request. And honestly, Anthony Anthony for is sort of leading development of the DevTools. And he is phenomenal. So pretty much if you suggest that that will be a nice idea it would probably happen. Pretty
Somehow I feel you can't, but it's a good idea. Like we should add that as a feature request. And honestly, Anthony Anthony for is sort of leading development of the DevTools. And he is phenomenal. So pretty much if you suggest that that will be a nice idea it would probably happen. Pretty Pretty. It might might already do it. I don't know. You could check. We could try it really quick. Let's see. Why not. You know, let's see if it gives us an. I don't even know. I'll like learning typescript. Oh, this is the. Who's. Oh, what does it. It does. Click out. Yeah. This is very exciting
Pretty. It might might already do it. I don't know. You could check. We could try it really quick. Let's see. Why not. You know, let's see if it gives us an. I don't even know. I'll like learning typescript. Oh, this is the. Who's. Oh, what does it. It does. Click out. Yeah. This is very exciting You all. I like this. Okay. And then I am just going to go back and. If that. Okay. You all. This is really cool. Like. If this is like somebody's first project. This DevTools makes it so much easier to learn. Like just like getting stuck on stuff. When we were going. Let me go here
You all. I like this. Okay. And then I am just going to go back and. If that. Okay. You all. This is really cool. Like. If this is like somebody's first project. This DevTools makes it so much easier to learn. Like just like getting stuck on stuff. When we were going. Let me go here Let me go here. And you hit it up. No. Go here. Like this. Like this. This is so cool. Because then you know what to go fix. I'm not quite sure whether isn't opening in your browser. I think it's because at least when I'm looking at it, I think that I have to go click on the
Let me go here. And you hit it up. No. Go here. Like this. Like this. This is so cool. Because then you know what to go fix. I'm not quite sure whether isn't opening in your browser. I think it's because at least when I'm looking at it, I think that I have to go click on the Information right here. When I clicked. At on the text itself, it did open. Yeah. And that's that will be it. And then I'm going to go to the line in the file that corresponds to the bit on the screen that you're clicking
Information right here. When I clicked. At on the text itself, it did open. Yeah. And that's that will be it. And then I'm going to go to the line in the file that corresponds to the bit on the screen that you're clicking So like if you're joining a big project, you know, it's not just a new project. If you're joining a big project with a lots of components and it's a bit confusing. What's what this can help you immediately find like I want to fix that. I want to change that
So like if you're joining a big project, you know, it's not just a new project. If you're joining a big project with a lots of components and it's a bit confusing. What's what this can help you immediately find like I want to fix that. I want to change that I'm going to click it and it will take me to it in my editor and I now know how to like where to make a change. And I'm going to go to the text. I'm going to go to the text. Very much enjoying this. This is so fun. Yeah. It's just like happiness
I'm going to click it and it will take me to it in my editor and I now know how to like where to make a change. And I'm going to go to the text. I'm going to go to the text. Very much enjoying this. This is so fun. Yeah. It's just like happiness Okay, I'm going to have to build something y'all and like this is. Yes. I'm having a lot of fun just with the tooling too. Oh, this is awesome. That's what I'm going to end up doing is like, what's that? Oh, this is fun. This is fun. Okay, so start tracking
Okay, I'm going to have to build something y'all and like this is. Yes. I'm having a lot of fun just with the tooling too. Oh, this is awesome. That's what I'm going to end up doing is like, what's that? Oh, this is fun. This is fun. Okay, so start tracking Now, basically, I'm not sure it's going to do a massive amount because you have no code in the app. But what it will do, let's go and put some stuff in your app. Okay. So maybe, let's see what, what should we do? If you. Let's just create a function. Okay. We've only got one page
Now, basically, I'm not sure it's going to do a massive amount because you have no code in the app. But what it will do, let's go and put some stuff in your app. Okay. So maybe, let's see what, what should we do? If you. Let's just create a function. Okay. We've only got one page So the only thing we can do is like add a query string. This is the simplest thing. So if you go up into your script setup at the top, just under const root equals use root. Let's just write a function. So let's say function goes somewhere. Remind me how to write that one
So the only thing we can do is like add a query string. This is the simplest thing. So if you go up into your script setup at the top, just under const root equals use root. Let's just write a function. So let's say function goes somewhere. Remind me how to write that one Just make that one lowercase, just lowercase function and then space. Like one word goes somewhere. And then like a power parentheses. And then some curly braces. The curly braces on the other side of the parentheses. And then inside the curly braces
Just make that one lowercase, just lowercase function and then space. Like one word goes somewhere. And then like a power parentheses. And then some curly braces. The curly braces on the other side of the parentheses. And then inside the curly braces Sorry, I'm saying curly braces, but that might be a totally strange way of talking about it. Just type. Navigate capital to T. Oh. Sorry, the navigate will be lowercase. So lowercase n. And then capital T. Oh. And then. Like parentheses brackets. And then inside the parentheses put
Sorry, I'm saying curly braces, but that might be a totally strange way of talking about it. Just type. Navigate capital to T. Oh. Sorry, the navigate will be lowercase. So lowercase n. And then capital T. Oh. And then. Like parentheses brackets. And then inside the parentheses put A string, which is forward slash. Sorry, with with the quotes, you're right. And then forward slash and then just like test equals true. Like obviously you wouldn't do this. And then in your code, like you can just say, like put a button. And so go under like the p tag there that says current root
A string, which is forward slash. Sorry, with with the quotes, you're right. And then forward slash and then just like test equals true. Like obviously you wouldn't do this. And then in your code, like you can just say, like put a button. And so go under like the p tag there that says current root And just say, like put a button element in. And the button can just have some text like go go somewhere. And then in view, the way you will make that button. Do what the. Like do the. The function is if you go back into the button and just into the element bit
And just say, like put a button element in. And the button can just have some text like go go somewhere. And then in view, the way you will make that button. Do what the. Like do the. The function is if you go back into the button and just into the element bit So just between button and angle bracket. Do at click. So like no, no, the other one where you were. Okay. So just based on that at click equals quotation mark. And then go somewhere just the name of the function. And probably it will probably not want the parentheses. Although it might work
So just between button and angle bracket. Do at click. So like no, no, the other one where you were. Okay. So just based on that at click equals quotation mark. And then go somewhere just the name of the function. And probably it will probably not want the parentheses. Although it might work I just don't 100% know. What up Christian. Okay. Okay. So if you now click the button. So okay, it is a 404 because I guess that page doesn't exist. But what you'll see in this tracking thing is that you can actually see all the functions that been calls all the way along the way
I just don't 100% know. What up Christian. Okay. Okay. So if you now click the button. So okay, it is a 404 because I guess that page doesn't exist. But what you'll see in this tracking thing is that you can actually see all the functions that been calls all the way along the way And if you click them. Oh, that's cool. When it was called where the stack trace of the thing that called the function was. And the arguments that it accepted. Like click and navigate to and you can see the string was passed to that function. And it was called from index.view
And if you click them. Oh, that's cool. When it was called where the stack trace of the thing that called the function was. And the arguments that it accepted. Like click and navigate to and you can see the string was passed to that function. And it was called from index.viewview. And basically this tracking tool injects this. So you have this for your whole app. Where you can actually see like timeline of what is being called where. What are its arguments? It's quite useful debugging tool. So and that obviously is the use route, which is in the in the page
view. And basically this tracking tool injects this. So you have this for your whole app. Where you can actually see like timeline of what is being called where. What are its arguments? It's quite useful debugging tool. So and that obviously is the use route, which is in the in the page This is really cool. And I like that you can do the pages here too. I wonder. Want to just see. Okay. Let me go back. Current route. All rights. Okay. Okay. I don't know. This is really cool. I know I'm just kind of clicking around seeing what happens. Yet at the same time, I'm really liking. Okay
This is really cool. And I like that you can do the pages here too. I wonder. Want to just see. Okay. Let me go back. Current route. All rights. Okay. Okay. I don't know. This is really cool. I know I'm just kind of clicking around seeing what happens. Yet at the same time, I'm really liking. Okay Okay. That was fun. Being able to just go back to the homepage from here. This is okay. I'm feel like I need to. Come like figure out something to build here now because I'm like, I just want to build something. Yes. I'm so glad. I like this is fun. This is a lot of fun. Okay
Okay. That was fun. Being able to just go back to the homepage from here. This is okay. I'm feel like I need to. Come like figure out something to build here now because I'm like, I just want to build something. Yes. I'm so glad. I like this is fun. This is a lot of fun. Okay Okay. Well, I feel like I've got my homework set up for me. And I'll be doing all next in view stuff the next two days, which is exciting. Any questions y'all or anything, Daniel, you think we should look at before. We start wrapping up. Well, I mean, I'm. I totally agree
Okay. Well, I feel like I've got my homework set up for me. And I'll be doing all next in view stuff the next two days, which is exciting. Any questions y'all or anything, Daniel, you think we should look at before. We start wrapping up. Well, I mean, I'm. I totally agree I totally agree. I think that clicking around is the best way to learn anything. At least that's for me. I'm totally a click around. Oh, that, by the way. That that's how you just looked at allows you to run VS code inside your browser
I totally agree. I think that clicking around is the best way to learn anything. At least that's for me. I'm totally a click around. Oh, that, by the way. That that's how you just looked at allows you to run VS code inside your browser And you can actually make changes to your website inside your website. But it's a little bit more complicated to set up. Yeah. It's still an experimental feature within VS code. There's also one more thing
And you can actually make changes to your website inside your website. But it's a little bit more complicated to set up. Yeah. It's still an experimental feature within VS code. There's also one more thing There's a like a picture in picture mode where you can actually detach the next dev tools from. Oh, yeah, you can click open graph and actually see what it will look like your website work like in. Oh, which doesn't have any. You've not put any. What I like this. I like this a lot
There's a like a picture in picture mode where you can actually detach the next dev tools from. Oh, yeah, you can click open graph and actually see what it will look like your website work like in. Oh, which doesn't have any. You've not put any. What I like this. I like this a lot I like this a lot. This is this is happiness. But it's not. It's missing. It's missing. Like you need it title. You need whatever. But you can also. Yeah, picture and picture. I think is that is the next one. I can. You definitely have to do a lot of exploring of icons. No, it must be
I like this a lot. This is this is happiness. But it's not. It's missing. It's missing. Like you need it title. You need whatever. But you can also. Yeah, picture and picture. I think is that is the next one. I can. You definitely have to do a lot of exploring of icons. No, it must be No, it must be. It's an experimental option. And you have to probably enable it in the settings, which. Might be. Somewhere there. I might not have access. It's it's okay. I have to figure out where it is. But that is something that can be can be fun. Oh, that like there's a command palette
No, it must be. It's an experimental option. And you have to probably enable it in the settings, which. Might be. Somewhere there. I might not have access. It's it's okay. I have to figure out where it is. But that is something that can be can be fun. Oh, that like there's a command palette Anyway, you can have a look. There's lots and lots of stuff. Which might be fun to explore around. This is also awesome. I'm having so much fun with all the things we can look at. And it also telling us about it from the DevTools itself. Okay. I'm going to end up staring at it and not talk
Anyway, you can have a look. There's lots and lots of stuff. Which might be fun to explore around. This is also awesome. I'm having so much fun with all the things we can look at. And it also telling us about it from the DevTools itself. Okay. I'm going to end up staring at it and not talk And I feel like this is is not what you're supposed to do when your live streaming. Learner, did you as I looked up, did you get your answer? Because it's. Like when you copy and paste it on there. What it will look like
And I feel like this is is not what you're supposed to do when your live streaming. Learner, did you as I looked up, did you get your answer? Because it's. Like when you copy and paste it on there. What it will look like Like if you send it in as a message or something, what it'll look like for your. The page. I would think. Like the link to it. If you put things like your image and your title and whatever, it'll start filling out those previews on the on the on the side
Like if you send it in as a message or something, what it'll look like for your. The page. I would think. Like the link to it. If you put things like your image and your title and whatever, it'll start filling out those previews on the on the on the side I don't believe it's actually Facebook or LinkedIn or Twitter. It's not sending your data away. It's just displaying what it will look like. It's just like, you know, it's not like it's not the only thing that it's going to look like. Based on the metadata we have. Yeah, like. Visuals help me
I don't believe it's actually Facebook or LinkedIn or Twitter. It's not sending your data away. It's just displaying what it will look like. It's just like, you know, it's not like it's not the only thing that it's going to look like. Based on the metadata we have. Yeah, like. Visuals help me Visuals help me. So in case anybody else needs a visual. It's good thing I don't have exciting conversations on there, but. Okay. That one's on it because I. It was we went live with the other way. I was really funny saying I have a good view on the next week. I thought I was hilarious
Visuals help me. So in case anybody else needs a visual. It's good thing I don't have exciting conversations on there, but. Okay. That one's on it because I. It was we went live with the other way. I was really funny saying I have a good view on the next week. I thought I was hilarious Doesn't mean I was. But normally it would be that they would be hyperlinked right here. But I saw it on mobile this way. That's weird. Oh, wow. That is a okay. Yay. Okay. Wow. We really did go over a lot today. So meta. Let's see if I can get it. So I'm going to put it in the next video
Doesn't mean I was. But normally it would be that they would be hyperlinked right here. But I saw it on mobile this way. That's weird. Oh, wow. That is a okay. Yay. Okay. Wow. We really did go over a lot today. So meta. Let's see if I can get it. So I'm going to put it in the next video Let's see what the level of the data is. I want to do it again. Metaframe works. Next versus next. TypeScript. ESLint. Cloudflare and workers. Edge. Your how you got into. Nuts. And then building next. And the DevTools. And I got really fascinated with the DevTools. And I'm like
Let's see what the level of the data is. I want to do it again. Metaframe works. Next versus next. TypeScript. ESLint. Cloudflare and workers. Edge. Your how you got into. Nuts. And then building next. And the DevTools. And I got really fascinated with the DevTools. And I'm like And I'm like. Now I want to go build something with it, because that was a lot of fun. Okay cool. Yeah, well, yeah, this has definitely been this has been cool. It's been a fun conversation nice chat. I forgot one What oranges in the shower shower oranges
And I'm like. Now I want to go build something with it, because that was a lot of fun. Okay cool. Yeah, well, yeah, this has definitely been this has been cool. It's been a fun conversation nice chat. I forgot one What oranges in the shower shower oranges That was actually the most important I Almost forgot it If anybody didn't see what that's about when this goes up on YouTube later this week You can go watch it
That was actually the most important I Almost forgot it If anybody didn't see what that's about when this goes up on YouTube later this week You can go watch it It's in like the first 10 minutes and you can watch it Very excited awesome and Daniel how do people follow you where should they follow you? What's what's the best contact for like to join the next community and doing stuff with next? so you can Basically, so you can find me on Twitter
It's in like the first 10 minutes and you can watch it Very excited awesome and Daniel how do people follow you where should they follow you? What's what's the best contact for like to join the next community and doing stuff with next? so you can Basically, so you can find me on Twitter I'm Daniel C row
I'm Daniel C row So this thing on Twitter I also have a website which is probably the best place to go because it has links to Everywhere else But basically feel free to drop me a direct message Not the next discord you can find me there message me if you've got any questions for anything I'm really really happy to help I have a little I put a few thoughts About contributing to next if that's not something that you're like if that's something you want to try then basically We would be really glad Of that as well so Yeah, the main thing is contact me if you've got any questions I absolutely love it if someone if people get in touch like an help in any way Yay, thank you and thank you everyone for joining today Learner as always
So this thing on Twitter I also have a website which is probably the best place to go because it has links to Everywhere else But basically feel free to drop me a direct message Not the next discord you can find me there message me if you've got any questions for anything I'm really really happy to help I have a little I put a few thoughts About contributing to next if that's not something that you're like if that's something you want to try then basically We would be really glad Of that as well so Yeah, the main thing is contact me if you've got any questions I absolutely love it if someone if people get in touch like an help in any way Yay, thank you and thank you everyone for joining today Learner as always Thank you for joining you specifically because it's always middle of the night for you Please go to bed and Looking forward to Christian will be on the show I think in two weeks I asked Christian about this and I'm I'm actually building my website for a calendar that will tell people and Consistently scheduled for like two months out
Thank you for joining you specifically because it's always middle of the night for you Please go to bed and Looking forward to Christian will be on the show I think in two weeks I asked Christian about this and I'm I'm actually building my website for a calendar that will tell people and Consistently scheduled for like two months out I'm very proud of getting there So thank you all and if you want to come hang out with me the next two days You can build your app as part of the view for each community Which uses next in a lot of it too
I'm very proud of getting there So thank you all and if you want to come hang out with me the next two days You can build your app as part of the view for each community Which uses next in a lot of it too I don't know if this one will I think it does I should definitely go check it out But cool Yay, and let's see who we should raid to Haven't looked yet Any request for the raids anyone want to go somewhere specific Before I just raid you to whoever I feel like Well, I know who we're rating to because nobody asked but it's definitely Josh We are rating to Josh because then we can go talk about more typescript and Thank you all it always takes forever to raid Daniel are you good at multitasking during like waiting for the raid to go I I'm all about multitasking like absolutely I feel like I'm always like really bad at doing the raids but all right
I don't know if this one will I think it does I should definitely go check it out But cool Yay, and let's see who we should raid to Haven't looked yet Any request for the raids anyone want to go somewhere specific Before I just raid you to whoever I feel like Well, I know who we're rating to because nobody asked but it's definitely Josh We are rating to Josh because then we can go talk about more typescript and Thank you all it always takes forever to raid Daniel are you good at multitasking during like waiting for the raid to go I I'm all about multitasking like absolutely I feel like I'm always like really bad at doing the raids but all right I'm hitting and broadcast
I'm hitting and broadcast