---
description: Sometimes, life hits us hard and we have to try and be productive even
  when it hurts. I mean physically hurts. In this special episode we have Scotty Jackson
  to explain to us how he strives to remain productive even when dealing with chronic
  pain.
pub_date: November 18th, 2021
title: '10: Through the Hurt with Scotty Jackson'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/10
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we condue our own thing with our own productivity systems. From Relay FM, this is Conduit, the break room to your systems and themes. I'm Jay Miller and sadly, well not even sadly, Kathy is out living her best life right now going to do fancy stuff over in the U of K, but we'll talk about that, you know, in a few weeks. But this week I have a special guest with me, someone that I actually talk to probably as much as I talk to Kathy, which is surprising because Kathy and I are just always chatting away about how we can work on the show and stuff, but he is the co-host of the unrecorded podcast that I do in my head at least once every other week. He is also the co-host of Nested Folders, a podcast that exists in real life, and he goes by the name of Scotty Jackson. Hey, Scotty, how's it going? Jay, it's just wonderful. It's just wonderful to be here. I'm sorry that you had to trade up a unicorn for a shoehorn, but I'm going to see what I can do here and hope I can do this topic some justice. I'm really looking forward to talking through this. I'm always happy to talk to you. It's wonderful. This time I just hit the big red button about it, which is, hey, that's something. Well, there was going to be a joke about trading from French fries to poutine or something like that. Oh, OK. From Starbucks to Tim Hortons, but I don't know. We'll have to see. But we've got an interesting conversation to come up based on a request from our community. And speaking of community, if you want to be a part of that community, head over to relay.fm slash conduit and click that Become a Member button. By doing that, you'll get a fancy invite to our Discord where I have to say conduit and the channels that it operates in are very popular topics. So you can come in there. You can hang out. There's a lot of accountability and friendship happening there in the break room. But let's let's jump into some shout outs. I will I will go first just so you can understand how we we do things a little bit there, Scotty. Shout out to Mike Hurley, who for the last year has been kind of a mentor of mine. Obviously, you know, I'm on a network, you know, on his network. Outside of that, we've been doing this project called the Podcast Mentorship Project. And a part of that was to give people of underrepresented groups the ability to gain access to the tools and technology and advice of professional podcasters. And I've seen so many great things come out of it. I've seen a couple of new shows get started that were absolutely phenomenal. But also we have been doing a group project, which is called the Podcast Mentorship Project. And in that, the first couple of episodes are already out. My episode was the first one where I interviewed a friend of mine about a friend of theirs, because sure, that's not meta enough. And then the second one was an interview from our partners in podcasting, the Make Work Work crew. One half of them, Haley Griffiths, did a wonderful episode on one of her favorite authors. So shout out to them. Those are coming out. You can subscribe to their show. I'll have a link in the show notes here, also on the chapter marker to where you can check that out. Listen to that. I think they're going to do one or two episodes every week for the next few weeks. And then after that, I think we take a season break and then we come back with another project. So there's going to be a lot to look at. Hey, Scotty, do you want to talk about your shout out? I do. I want to show it to Lisa Lastname Unknown, whose work I discovered through a blog post that's posted on bulletjournal.com. You can find Lisa on Instagram at Planner Simplicity. And I appropriated from one of her ideas this wonderful way of categorizing things simply in a bullet journal through highlighted columns. And I mean, it seems every time I talk about a bullet journal thing, it seems so basic and obvious on the outside. But in practice, wow, it was a real really great R for resources resource for me and tied in really nicely to my achieving my connection check. So I showed it to Lisa for her great work that is posted there. That's that's that's what I wanted to show. Thanks, Jay. Absolutely. And I. I don't know if I can say why, but well, Scotty, you know, I've made some purchases in the recent. Would you say that what I'm going to be attempting to do would would be a bullet journal adjacent or or have I just jumped the shark with this project? I mean, I mean, it's it is it is paper into which an analog system into which you are journaling. And I think that the right R is for resources. Staying on brand is it. I mean, that's a really important thing, right? Because you know, and we talked about this, right? Like, I mean, a bullet journal is not necessarily a bullet journal is not necessarily a bullet journal. It's all different paper and you're using different pens. And the ones that you use are going to either attract or be like completely uninspiring or completely detract from wanting to use a particular system. So, I mean, you do you and and and proudly and confidently with the right analog tools and systems at your disposal. This is why I like this show. We don't we don't really talk about tools and stuff all that much. But when we do you do you is probably the best advice we can we can ever provide. Speaking of I have some other advice, Scotty, what do you what do you think about this phrase? If it doesn't exist, that doesn't mean you should make it. That's good. I mean, so here's the thing. You know, knowledge workers with ideas and people who hold productivity systems sitting down in your chair and closing your eyes and looking into your mind. The world is infinite. And I think if you, you know, don't put some belts and braces and bookends around things, you could very easily get lost in thinking your way into doing nothing forever. And so, yeah, I mean, remembering that. That you don't have to fill every void or nook and cranny with a new invention or a new idea. I think is really important because I would rather spend my time and effort on accomplishing the outcomes that I really care about. And so inventing systems and tools. Hey, I mean, maybe that's maybe that's the thing. And that's and that's wonderful, too. But I don't want to distract myself from remembering what the tools are for. And so, you know, I would rather use an 80 percent capable tool. And Namaste the other 20 than spend all my life trying to build a new thing. I don't know. Is that is that what you were looking for? What do you think of that? Well, mostly, I think it's a cool poster. And I'm glad that my next shout out goes to the person that was able to get this mocked up for me really quick. Shout out to Ben. So glad I agreed. I think it was the second shout out for Ben. So hi, Ben. Ben, I have to say I'm contractually obligated to give this shout out because otherwise the poster would not exist. So, Ben, thank you. Moving on, let's talk about our connection checks. Zap. Did I get that right? Did I get it? You did. That's awesome. Yes. I am adding that to the list of zaps. For those that don't know, I have a stream deck with different versions of Kathy saying zap. And we all usually play it. I wasn't expecting that. But congratulations, Scotty. You are now. Thank you. There's going to be a random set of episodes in the future that have that played. I mean, I listen to them all. I can't wait. I love it. So my connection from the last fortnight was to use the tire technique. If you're new to the show, we made up an acronym. At least we think we made it up. We can't find any evidence that this existed before for making decisions. And it was called Tire. And the tire stands for time, intuition, resources and energy. We were we were a T and S short of Tetris, which just means I get to use it for something later. But my my connection for the last fortnight was to use the tire technique to make some difficult decisions. And I will say that this was absolutely a connection check. Good connection there. I took phone calls in which literally the words time, intuition, resources and energy were used to make those decisions. I thought to myself as I was doing things of like, hey, do I have the time for this? Do I have the energy for this? You know, what is my gut saying on this? I think that. One, I've never had an acronym that just kind of worked so easily. Shout out to Kathy, who is the one that realized that if you rearrange how I originally wrote it, it's about tire. But, yeah, honestly, I I would love to continue to use this in the future. And I think it's going to be something that sticks in my head and sticks in my my processes for probably even years to come. And it'll be it'll wind up being something that I teach other people of like, hey, you know, if you're if you're trying to figure out a decision, see what time, intuition, resources and energy you have. And once you've kind of inflated that tire, you should be able to actually go about making a good decision. What about you, Scotty? My my connection for the last four and by the way, good job. My connection was using this tire technique to help me plan the last mile of my year. She plug on a recent episode of Nested Folders, Rosemary Orchard and I Rosemary Orchard, of course, another member of the relay dot FM switch on family, talked about the last mile, which is, you know, sort of plotting out, you know, where you're not at the end of a project or period of time or way of being. But you can see you can see it on the horizon. So how do you approach, you know, mapping out the last mile of like how you get from where you are to that to that point? And I mean, as with all things like this, it got me really introspective about the tire technique. And I found a lot of like Venn diagram between particularly between intuition and energy, meaning that I have learned about myself that I am I am a morning person. And so my energy is much higher in the morning. And as my energy goes up, my intuition is sharper and more trustworthy. And so I found that was a really interesting combination. So I made the tea time to share that intuition and energy in the morning. And after finding that resource in my shout out to Lisa, that was really kind of the last missing puzzle piece. And I was able to sit down and make, you know, it wasn't a decision. It was really a stack of decisions like what is in and what is out between now and the end of the year, because, oh, my gosh, there's only like a month and a half left, holy smokes. So I found it to be a really, really useful resource. So, so, Jay, to you and Kathy, I my gratitude for the for the structured approach to that. It was it was really helpful. Something that I didn't think about. Until you kind of just mentioned it here was time doesn't have to be, do I have time in the day? It is it can be, do I have time when my energy is at its best? That idea of, hey, if this seems like a task that I would do in the morning, do I have the time to do it in the morning? Like, because otherwise, what you're doing is you're sacrificing the ability to do other things at their best in order to, you know, as you've called yourself a shoehorn here to shoehorn an idea or or another activity in which I mean, I don't know. I I've never used a shoe. Actually, that's a lie. I have used shoe horns. They're not comfortable. I think trying to wedge something very old, Jay, I'm very. Yeah, trying to wedge something in is probably not the best of ideas. So, yeah, I think looking at how you mentioned it being like a Venn diagram, like I think of that phrase like Ica Guy, that idea of like, what are you good at? What do you love to do? What is financially responsible of you to be able to accomplish? And what do people in the world want you to do? Like finding that balance in the middle, it's kind of like this, like, OK, what do you have time to do? What energy do you have in that time? And then what do you how do you feel about involving yourself in and making sacrifices around that time, that energy and those resources? I think that's a really cool insight. I'm kind of glad that we were able to to actually have you on the show to talk about that, because I would have just read it like, oh, yes, Scotty did. He used the tire method, too. That's awesome. Like, and we would have we would have kind of just left it at that. It makes me feel like we need to figure out a way to let people explain their connections a little bit better. OK, anyway, let's jump in and do some connections from our conductors. There's a there's a new a new conductor, someone by the name of of Kathy. Looks like they have the title already, the gazpacho of the show. And they've said, I've done my daily movement almost every morning, stretching and dancing before I put my contacts in. I hope you at least have your glasses on then, because stretching and moving when you can't see is probably not the best idea. But I'm glad that you were able to knock out that connection, Kathy, and get that movement in every day. That is that is so cool. Like, honestly, I was a little bit inspired by that because I am so guilty of just like rolling out of bed and hoping for the best. And like the day just like out of roll out of bed and into the day. And I want to do some of that. So my my daughter recently found this new show on Netflix called Karma's World, which if you haven't seen it, it's adorable. But there's a song called the Karma dance, and it literally starts out with like hop out of bed and I'm ready to move like swag on 100 and like and I'm in my groove or something like that. And I was like that. That was my immediate thought. I'll have to I'll throw a link into into the Karma dance there. But it's only fresh in my mind because my daughter makes me listen to it on repeat for at least like two hours a day now. Oh, my gosh. The notion of there being a Karma's world sounds like the great reckoning to me. Like that is a like that is a dystopian, like terrifying title. I'm glad I'm glad that I took it out of context and it's actually quite delightful. Yeah. To be fair, Karma is actually the daughter of I think his name is Curtis Bridges, also known as Ludacris, the the rapper and turned actor. So it was a show that he produced inspired by his daughter. So don't don't don't worry. It's not too dystopian. It's it's in fact very, very adorable. And if I had, you know, infinite amounts of money, I would hopefully do the same. What about what's happening with Dave? What's happening to Dave? Dave, a conductor of the show, says that they are building back habits with compassion, going to be a work in progress for a while. As are we all. I may break it up into smaller connections in future. Crying, laughing the past few weeks, I've been building back my morning routine. Bit hit and miss on being compassionate when it doesn't go to plan. But I'm getting better at recognizing when I'm being hard at myself. So progress is being made. Dave, that's that sounds pretty inspiring. And I mean, I mean, if you start, you know, building out a habit and on day one and forevermore, you're hitting 100 percent. You're probably not stretching yourself as much as you can. So I think I think being hit and miss is a wonderful sign that, A, you've given yourself something to aspire to and continue to grow into. And B, you're obviously measuring yourself and being being mindful and aware of that. And that sounds pretty awesome. Good job. Good job, Dave. And then we have friend of the show, Maddie, who says connection check with a yellow circle. Oh, no, I'm still working on establishing the foundation system. Wait, I shouldn't say, oh, no. Yellow just means still in progress here. But I reduced the number of parts of my system from 42 to 26. My goodness. I mean, there's a lot of parts. I did take some time to establish a bit of foundation at work, but it's still a work in progress. OK. Yeah, I mean, I think I bought like 42 things for this imaginary system that I'm putting together. And then last but not least, we have Ankenu. Yes, Ankenu connection follow up. Icon did it. Circumstances were piling up so that I wouldn't succeed yesterday. Rain, cold weather and then fitness plus being unavailable. But I was ready to push off my last required workout until another day. But Maddie helped me push to just con doing it. So hey, hey, Maddie. Second, shout out to you for helping Ankenu along. I mean, connections in the community. That's that's a pretty beautiful thing. Good for you, Ankenu, too, like with, you know, being up against all of these things that would make it very easy to not con do it. You con did it anyway. And that is that is pretty awesome. I think Ankenu's perseverance is very apt for the topic that we have today. Definitely something that I need to work on, because I think it was episode two where we talked about like, I can't even days. Ankenu definitely was having an I can't even day. He probably couldn't odd either. By all of these things would have just made me been like, well, we're going to restart tomorrow and go to bed. But being able to just kind of persevere through that and be like, now, you know, let's do this, let's knock it out, let's get it done. I'm all about it. So thanks, Ankenu. Let's Jay, Jay, Jay, I got something to say. Jay, this episode is brought to you by Pingdom from SolarWinds. If you have a website, what purpose does it serve, whether it's driving people to your products, collecting sales leads for your company or providing customer service with a contact form. When these critical transactions fail, you lose out on business. Not to mention the bad experience for your users. But there is a solution. Transaction monitoring from Pingdom, starting at just ten dollars a month. Transaction monitoring runs checks 24 hours a day, seven days a week, and will alert you when cart check out forms or login pages fail before they affect your customers and your business. Pingdom will notify you the moment there is a failure over SMS, email or via your favorite apps like Slack, Ops Genie and PagerDuty. Depending on what's being monitored or the severity of the outage, you can customize who's alerted and how they get the notification. Don't let your users discover a problem with your website. You should be the first to know. And it's super easy to get started. Just go to pingdom.com slash RelayFM right now for a 30 day free trial with no credit card required. Then when you're ready to buy, use the code conduit at checkout to get a huge 30 percent off your first invoice. Thanks to Pingdom from SolarWinds for their support of this show and RelayFM. Before we jump into our topic, the whole reason Scotty's here, I do want to give kind of a little trigger warning here because we're going to be talking a lot about mental and physical health. I have done a lot on the mental health side. Scotty's here to talk a little bit about the physical side. If you're not in a space that you're, you know, able to work with that, then it's OK to skip this episode or maybe just skip the next chapter. I think we're only going to have one chapter marker here and just see how see the connections that come out of this. And yeah, I think that this is a really important topic. And I think there are a lot of people who are looking to maintain their productivity in spite of these things happening. So, like I said, if it's not your jam, I totally understand. But if you've come hoping that you can get a little bit of help while you're dealing with some stuff, then hopefully you're at the right place. But let's let's talk about the idea of working through the hurt. Official nickname alert Spaceship of the Show, Millennial Falcon. I don't know if that's a Trek Wars or Star Star reference. Oh, my God, so much, you know, man. Don't do this. But the Millennial Falcon says Conduit has been great so far. I would love to hear an episode talking about being productive while having a disability, chronic pain or some other circus circumstance, specifically about dealing with the pressure either from other people or self-imposed to be maximally productive while trying to manage those other factors. So with Kathy not being here and we were trying to come up with a topic and we had actually talked about this a little bit last week in decision space of like this. This we were sitting on this one because neither Kathy or I, we have some things that have happened in our lives. And it's definitely not my place to talk about all of them. But the the thing that we saw here was the disability, the disability and chronic pain, which was something that I have not experienced. But I knew someone that had. And I asked Scotty to come onto the show and kind of explain the situation that's been happening with him. And the best part of this is Scotty is a productivity person in his own right. Like I listen to Scotty when it comes to what should I be doing in my own system? He's very much a mentor and a coach. And now I know that I am able to really believe that if there were anyone else in the world, well, actually, sorry, no, there's no one else in the world that's capable of explaining this situation that that I know that I personally know. Honestly, I'm inspired by what Scotty has gone through and is able to been able to persevere through this whole time. But all of that to say, Scotty, let's let I'm going to get out the way. I'm going to let you kind of explain what's been happening with you for the past year or so. Sure. I mean, the wildest thing is that it hasn't even been a year. First of all, thank you for that. Although very warm things you said, Jay. And I mean, it's really neat to be able to do this because you were one of the first people that I talked to, like in really in really like specific ways, I think about about systems and productivity, how it relates to some of the stuff that has been happening. So as we sit here and record right now, it is mid-November in the year 2021. And it was only in May of this year that I was ready to chill out and hang out, watch some Netflix. And my right leg went numb. And that was weird. And, you know, so I talked to like we have like a health line that we can call and they said, you know what, you might want to go to the hospital a little bit about that, just in case. And so I did. And while I was waiting at the hospital, like my arm also went numb on my right hand side. And I was looked over and given a CT scan and no strokes, thankfully. So yay, CT all clear. Cool. They said, you know what, you probably have like some sort of a pinched nerve or something like that. Here's a brochure. Go home. OK. And then I woke up in the morning. I thought, you know, I'll just sleep it off. I'll probably wake up in the morning and be fine. And I wake up in the morning. Now my now my face is numb on the right hand side. And I'll probably just fast forward through a bunch of stuff. I was initially diagnosed with migraine, which apparently you can have like the migraine without the headache part. It's a migraine is not an intensity of headache. It's a kind of headache. And when you have a migraine, you get what's called an aura. Or many people might get what's called an aura, which can cause like body numbness and this sort of thing. Only it didn't go away. And so through a series of MRIs, we found lesions on my brain. And the numbness progressed into like shooting and burning nerve pain. And not just on my right hand side, also on my left as I talk right now. Both my arms are numb. And that's been very difficult, not just because the as yet undiagnosed neurological syndrome that I have. It's still being followed. Updates to follow, apparently, is causing me body wide pain in a buffet of ways. Sometimes it's numbness, sometimes it's burning, sometimes it's soreness. And sometimes it's like activating my muscles and say they get they get sore from being activated all day. But I'm also just fatigued. And in treating that, there are side effects to meds, too. And so this is so what has been pretty wild for me is that this is fresh being that May, June, July, August, September, October, November, let's say six months, half a year. I if I am augmenting my medication dose for the meds that I am on or we're trying something new, it is very difficult for me to say if I encounter a new symptom. Is this my air quote brain thing giving me a new symptom because I've been having lots of new symptoms over the last half year? Or is this onboarding to the new medication? And so, you know, in the summertime, as I was onboarding onto a particular one, I was felt so sedated that I could like hardly work, move around. And I was very, very worried that I wasn't going to be able to work anymore because now my brain as a knowledge worker, that's that's the thing I rely upon, is just not keeping up with me at all. And I'm finding myself to be confused and tired. Thankfully, you know, that turned out to be related to meds as a side effect. But I would say that I'm still very, very fatigued all the time and have not the energy level that I would expect myself to have. And even as I sit through, you know, like all of these pain and symptoms. So that's that's where I am right now. I know that in about two weeks, I'm going to go and get a spinal tap and we're going to have a look at my spinal fluid and see what's happening in there. My next MRI is going to be in January, because between the first two MRIs, I developed a fourth lesion on my brain. And so. What we know right now is that, A, I have brain lesions, B, I have this myriad of symptoms. See, the medications that I'm taking for it are not. Managing it entirely, although I'm scared, I'm scared to go off of them, because what if they're actually doing a really good job of making the symptoms livable and they get infinitely worse, not being on medication? And D, that means as a productivity guy who was introduced to the getting things done methodology in about 2004, 2005, and has been someone who has been practicing and very thoughtful about productivity because, you know, also, also, I am an attentive ADHD and I need productivity to help keep me on track and on the rails. I mean, this has been tough. This has forced me to really rethink all of the infrastructure of my life. And so I'm hoping that as I talk about maybe some of the things that I have done or seen or thought about, that it is somehow relatable or at least useful adjacent. And if nothing else, know that like. This is not the sort of thing that has to stop one. It's just a thing that has to adjust. Yeah, sorry. It's but it's a thing that. You can't move the mountain, but you can walk around it or you can climb it or you can get on an airplane. But that mountain's the mountains not going anywhere. So. So but but it's possible. It is possible to continue to achieve. I think you I think the rules of the game have to change a little bit or the or the game does. I don't know what the right metaphor is here. I think that that definitely gives everybody a good sense of like what's been happening, kind of where you're at with it. I think I remember most of this. There were there were a few pieces there that I didn't even know about. So, you know, we try it and we do these. Like I said, we Scotty and I have these calls. Lately, they've been like weekly. I think they started out like biweekly, which is which is fine. Like I enjoy these calls as they happen. And oftentimes we don't talk about it. And for reasons, I mean, obviously it's something that you're living with. You know, part of part of being productive is is providing a space, a break room of sorts to to not think about things that are happening. And I, you know, I sit there as someone who is prone to having anxiety attacks, anxiety attacks to the point where like I can't function. My wife has helped me so much in these moments where, you know, if I come in and I say we need to order out, like it's not it's not even a question asked. It's not like, oh, you know, well, we don't we don't have the funds for it or whatever. It is like, no, you don't understand. Something has happened that has made it impossible for me to understand what cooking even is and puts me in a position to where I might actually put my hand on the stove and burn myself, not just from being inattentive because something has me in that state of anxiety and that state of panic. So all of that thrown in there, like perseverance is is kind of always the question. How do you even begin to. Adjust and say. You know, like you said, I now have this giant obstacle that's in my way. I have to work around it, work through it, work over it, work under it. And like just figure out like this is this is now my new life. Let's let's begin to adjust. Yeah, I mean, you know, I talked about changing the rules of the game or changing even the game. I think the first thing that happened for me was that what is and is not important fell into very stark contrast very fast. I mean, I remember I remember you asking me like, I think I was driving home from the neurologists and you said, like, what does this mean for your productivity? I said, actually, in a way, I don't think I've ever been more productive. And that was like me coming out at the beginning. I mean, I took a piece of paper and at the top I wrote, what if I'm dying? Underline. And I started listing. Well, here are the things I better do. I had better make sure that all the passwords are available to my wife. I better make sure that I know how to file like an insurance claim on me through work, right? Here's here are the list of people to notify. Here's the here's the here's the codes for, you know, setting up home get devices, because that's my department knows I was going to know that. And I mean, that's maybe a little bit grim. But I didn't know. Like I and and I mean, I still don't. I got a lot of uncertainty, Jay. Like, I don't have a diagnosis. I all I know is that I hurt all the time. I do know this. I do know that amongst the lesions in my brain, I do not have a tumor. I do not have a growth. I do not have a cancer in my brain. I am not at the risk of like imminent mortality issues, which is relieving. But when I when I pulled out this paper, I did not know that. And so now I've got like this very, very sharp top level. View of like, what are the really like important things in my life? And and and I have written that I have taken the time to write those down. I mean, it's kind of like if you're at work and like preparing the presentation and the final year in budget review is like the most important thing in the world. And then you get a phone call. You find out that your aunt died or something like that. Like that thing that was the most important thing in the world five minutes ago. Now, now no longer matters at all. And it's kind of like that only all the time. So which which which is also like a bit of a blessing, like because I spent the next several months being uncertainty. Like every time I said good night to one of my children. I was thinking a little bit about like. What if this is my last good night? Like, and so I'm going to make it matter. And I despite the fact that I do not have that sort of mortality fear, I have still sort of built that practice in of making all of these moments matter. And if something is happening around me that doesn't matter, like capital M. Matter. Then I have a whole new lens to think, is this a thing? Is this a thing right now? Is this a thing that I should really be putting time and attention on? Like in and I'm not saying that like don't do things you don't like, because that's that's not possible. There's there are other mountains in this world, right? Like that cereal still got to get poured. That project at work is still going to happen. That team still needs to be supported. My my family is still going to be my family like all I think figuring out what the mountains were. That was really, really healthy. And it gave me a little bit more visibility into, well, if I could choose and I grant that there are some things that you can't choose, I get that. But if I have like a finite amount of energy, what are the mountains that are going to get that first? And what are the things that I'm going to have to say? Sorry about this great blog post. Lincoln show notes from a from a blog post on a blog. And this circulated. It was originally a post, I think, in 2013, but it was a metaphor about spoons from someone with I think they had lupus. And they were talking about how they have to budget their energy like super deliberately because they only have so much. And some days you've got a lot of spoons to start with and some days not so many. And that has been a really helpful metaphor, I think, for me to think about. You know, is this is this a thing that gets my spoons or not? And so figuring out what my mountains are and then figuring out like what my. What my choices are and then figuring out what is, you know, maybe important to other people, but like, sorry, maybe what is, you know, I mean, now we're down to that whole, you know, Eisenhower matrix of like not important, not urgent, but. But it. But it it it was kind of freeing in a way like if you if you financially only have twenty dollars to spend at the fair, you're going to the fair, you got twenty dollars in your pocket. You have to decide how you spend that twenty dollars. And when the twenty dollars is gone, no more money. Sorry. If if you if I remember that my life is like that with energy, then I can pull my day into very stark focus on a day by day basis and say, OK, at the beginning of my day, here are the things on my calendar. Here are the things that I care about. Can I do those? Can I do all of them? And if I can, awesome. What else can I do? And if I can't do anything else, that's the maximum namaste. You know, that's the there's three steps to every serenity prayer. Really quick, I think that there's a kind of a parallel to. How how things matter and like you said, how things capital matter. I read I'm working on a on a talk for work that that talks about the difference between on base percentage and batting average. And for those that are baseball fans, you know, for those that aren't, let me let me explain a little bit. Thank you. I need to dissect American sport. OK, so a batting average is your success at the plate to hit the ball. You hit the not even to hit the ball, to hit the ball and get on base. There's a lot of factors involved with hitting the ball and getting on base. Someone can't catch the ball in the air. Someone can't catch the ball and throw it to the base before you get to the base. You know, there's there's a lot of things that can happen after you hit the ball that are somewhat out of your control. Now, of course, you can kind of direct where the ball goes and all those different things. But again, a lot of things can happen that are out of your control that prevent you from getting a mark that says congratulations. Your batting average has gone up on base. This percentage is your batting average plus walks. Now, a walk is when someone throws the ball outside of the strike zone four times and one at bat. So, you know, you throw the ball and you don't swing, I should say. So the the ability to get on base with a walk is 100 percent. And the only way that you can get a walk is by not swinging at the things that you're not supposed to swing at. Hmm. A batting. You know, I want to walk. Yeah, exactly. So I walk all the time. You can you can hit the ball. And of course, the things that you're supposed to swing at, you need to swing it like you need to hit the ball. But the things that you're not supposed to swing at and understanding what those things are and not swinging in that time are will make you equally as successful to getting on base. Then if you just swung it, everything and hit and got lucky. And that that is something that, you know, as I've been looking at that and thinking about that more and more, I had to give a talk last or two weeks ago about five minutes before I found out that one of my fellow Marines, a groomsman at my wedding, had passed away. And in that moment, again, someone who who has panic attacks, in that moment, my goal had changed. It was no longer give the best talk possible. It was give the talk and be done with it. And so that I could process the information that I had just received. And the talk itself was a good talk. It was it was fine. Everything went well. Honestly, it was one of my most successful talks I've given to date. But the mindset going into it. Oh, I need this to be the best talk possible. Oh, I need to make sure I don't mess up on these things. There were so many things that happened that would have normally had thrown me off and made me a little upset and frustrated. But in the mindset of I just need to get this done, it it changed how I perceive the things happening, which. Made me eerily relaxed. In that moment, but also improve the quality of what I was doing. So I guess like in that moment, again, not to not to equate pain levels, because, of course, like no one can do that pain. Pain is a variable thing for everyone. But to to equate the mindset that goes in to. I am in pain. The things that matter with a capital M are the things I need to swing at and the things that don't necessarily matter are the things that I cannot swing at. And by not swinging, I'm increasing my odds of getting on base. That's that's good. That's good. I as you talk about that, I was thinking also about there's a book called Do More Great Work by Michael Bungay Stanger, who runs a company called Box of Crayons. And in it, he talks about and provides a bunch of exercises, too, about identifying the difference between great work, you know, that work that that work that improves life, that that that creates significant impact and that you care about. That is great work. And then there is good work. Good work would be, you know, stuff that progresses things along that that has value. I mean, that's, you know, the maintenance of of a company or of a lifestyle or of a family. That's that's good work. And then there's bad work, which is, you know, which is, you know, non value add admin work or extra work that like, I mean, if you do it or not, it really doesn't make a difference. But when you when you analyze, when I analyze, when I analyze my life at work, my professional life, I could see the pockets of bad work and I can I can I can see those and I and I think, OK, how do I how do I not do those things? How do I make sure that if I have this finite pool of energy, that it is directed as much as possible at great work? I mean, no one can do great work 100 percent of the time. That's impossible. You got to make dinner. That's good work. You've got to, you know, you've got to do your, you know, monthly budget reporting to make sure that you get budget next month. That's good work. But you can at least, you know, try and minimize the amount of bad work. And I think that that has been another lens that has been really helpful to me to identify. And I mean, I called I called great work. Great work is really kind of a flavor of mountain. If I go back to my earlier metaphor, you know, mix all the metaphors, Jay, if you don't mind, just like metaphor soup. Have you you know me, Kathy? What's it called? We'll call it metaphor. Or gaspacho. Gaspacho. That's sort of cold. Yes. Like my limbs. Oh, my gosh. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. OK, this is OK. I don't know if this is a tool or not. I was reading quotes yesterday like like I think it was Tina Fey wrote, like, if you want to make an audience laugh, dress someone like up like an old woman and push her, push them down the stairs. And if you want to make a comedy writer laugh, actually push an old woman down the stairs. Oh, my goodness. So so that kind of humor to me is a defense mechanism and be like, if you don't laugh, you cry. Yeah. Like, I mean, I'm going about my day such as it is. And all of a sudden, I can't really walk so good because my legs have seized up. And. I think, you know, in that moment, I have to honor that and be I'm going to I'm probably going to make some sort of very awful, awful joke about it because I have to try and entertain myself about it. And that's I mean, that's I mean, you're my Liz, me very. But I mean, that's that's the thing that I do for me because because I don't get to choose. Like, I don't get to choose if I hurt or not. No, my brain somehow does that. So if I can't choose it and I have to live with it, well, let's try and get along. Right. I mean, it's like it's like working with someone whose viewpoints you don't always agree with, like they're not going away in either of you. So you got to find a way to work together. Right. That's what I'm doing with my brain and body, I guess, in as much as I can. Let's talk about the idea of managing the expectations of those people then, because I mean, that is very much like you said, you have to work with the condition that you've been given and you have to work with that. But the people around you don't. And they they can't understand, oh, it's numbness. Well, that shouldn't affect your ability to like, no, like, yes, it does. And and that becomes a thing like, how do you make sure that the people around you within within as much as they need to know, know what's happening and like, how do you manage that? How do you how do you let them keep them up to date? How do you help them understand why you can't do the things maybe you used to be able to do? I could I can definitely see that with something like holding a child. Like if if a part of you is numb and you feel like, you know, by adding this weight over, you know, you could fall over or, you know, maybe you just don't have the ability to function and control that arm in a way. Like, how do you explain that to someone that truly does not does not get it? I think I think you hit the nail on the head with does not get it. I think that it is. In it was instinctive for me to try and help everyone get it. And I don't think that that is necessarily possible. And even if they do get it, I don't think they'll get it in the way that I get it. Not because I'm the one who is living with it, but because I have a I have a I have a I have a framework or a mental model for what this is like. So I think that a being as honest as you can. Based on the quality of the relationship and the openness of the listener for that, so that you are prepared to convey as much as you can, but be developing a lexicon about that and creating a little bit of language or terminology for what this means and see being focused on that, not necessarily the feeling, which is hard, but the tactical implications of that. So let's talk at work. Let me talk in a language of what I can and can't do, as opposed to trying to convey this, like why or why not? Sort of situation. Because then you're focused on. What do we do about it? I mean, your professional relationships with your boss, your peers, those who report to you, those to whom you report. I mean, that's going to vary. So I think you need to be very clear that each of those relationships is maybe a little bit distinct from the other in terms of how much you share. But honoring the fact that like you are at work to do a job and. If nothing else, talking in tactical implications is, I think, really important. So to say, hey, boss, here is my situation. Here's what it means. What can we what are our options and how can you help me navigate this and how can I help you? I like because as awful as it sounds, I mean, to some degree, this has got to be inconvenient to other people. The fact that I can't I can't do as much as I used to do, or at least can't operate in the ways in which I used to. I mean, no one's going to say that probably because who wants to say that? But really, it's probably inconvenient for people like, oh, Scotty used to do this stuff. Now, Scotty isn't doing that. What? Hmm. OK. I mean, we love him and we support our team members and so on. So that's cool. We'll we'll take care of it. But that's unfortunate that I have another thing to do. So how can you how can I participate then in either. Canceling some work entirely so that it's not a thing that anyone has to talk about anymore ever or finding a new way to do something that honors my limitations and helps get things still accomplished or how can I find a new home for some of the things that I can't do? You know what I used to do? You know, these tasks, but because of my energy and where I have to prioritize my energy, I don't think that I should do those things, but I know someone who can. Or I actually even know someone who could do them better than me because of their skill set or because they are doing other like sort of adjacent tasks anyway. So this would be like a good thing for them to do because you kind of get some economies of scale by bundling the tasks that I was doing with the tasks they're doing. How do I help? How do I help with that? And be part of that process? Because I think I think if I were to just show up and say, like, no energy, sorry. I mean, it's true. But I would like to also be part of the solution to like like if I'm going to if there are going to be implications to me being the way in which I am. Well, that sucks. I would sure like to help manage those implications in any way that I can. And sorting that out. That's some great work. That's some great work right there, because now I'm setting. I'm setting myself up to be able to suck. Yeah, I guess like because I have invested time upfront in being unable to do my job and then therefore I can now just go ahead and be unable to do my job. Like that's I mean, I'm sounding just sort of like ambivalent about it, but it's but it's kind of true. Like how do I how do I how do I set a framework for me to be able to fail elegantly in ways? And how do I make sure that the things that I think are most important at my job are that my boss agrees with that? Like, OK, if we're going if I'm going to have a finite amount of energy and I can only do so many things, let's agree what's most important here. What are the things that we need to protect the most? And then even like and I found to that a forced ranking exercise is really valuable because if you present someone at work with a list of 10 projects, they're going to mark them all as high priority, which is not helpful to anybody. So if you if you say to someone, I want you to force rank these things, you get numbers one through 10 go. You'll see what's high priority or not. Oh, I like that. That's that's that's a really that's a really good exercise. And then on top of that, being able to. Being able to. Again, use that Venn diagram and entire, you know, technique to. Add the idea of you now have to also look at getting better and recovery or maintenance, I think that that's. You know, another component of this is it's not just like, well, I mean, you could go or within go, well, this is this is the life that I've been given, oh, bother. Or or you can say, like, how do I how do I readjust as we've kind of been talking about here? And how do I start doing like Ankenu did in in that, you know, connection check of. There's there's no reason for me to want to do this, but I know that I need to and I need to be in a position of. You know, be around the people that are going to encourage me to do that. I have it on my calendar every week to go to my ADHD, like accountability group. Do I have to go? No, I don't have to go. I mean, I pay for it, so I should probably go. But, you know, the idea of. I know that if I don't go to this hour long meeting, I. May miss out on an opportunity, one, to help somebody, but then also to to gain a little bit of insight and to be able to talk about freely some of the stresses that I'm dealing with, with people who do get it, with people who have similar issues in their their day to day and learn from them how things have worked. If I don't make time for that, then. I'm missing out. So so how do you add that space into your life for that short term and long term care, knowing that it's not going to be a priority for anyone else, but it is going to be beneficial to you. Well, I mean, I sit here as a smarty pants like six months in. With no assurance whatsoever that this ever goes away. Like this, this this might be this might be my life now. And I simply don't know that. And I want to be clear, too, that as I talk about this and like, let me give you some tactical terms and some great ideas about how you can go ahead and manage this like. Cool, Scotty, six months in. But Scotty, six months ago, was also going through a very, very deep period of mourning. Mourning for. The life that I am no longer leading and the way in which I no longer am. And that is not small. And that is that is not done. And I think it is really important. I mean, I don't. Have an app recommendation or a framework. Here's the bullet journal iconography to use for mourning. I don't I don't know what that is. And I am not qualified to give any advice about that. But I but I would say that it is very important to recognize that that is and to make some room for that. Because. I mean, there's a part of me that's like, you don't have problems, you've got projects. So let's get to it. And what are we going to do here? And there's also this part of me that is that like. For a good period of time, felt just so incredibly defeated, like. As a knowledge worker. And through the magic of voice activated assistance. Like I could I could lose limbs and still be equally effective at my job, because I just smarty pants in a chair who yell stuff. But unfortunately, the thing that is affected is my brain. And. And that's, you know, like that. I mean, that's the touchstone for us all, really. But it's also. But it's also. The largest, most capital are. In your tire method. So I think first and foremost, like before I talk about, like stuff that I do, I don't want to gloss over the fact that there is a very important element of. Recognizing. And and measuring and accepting. That which is. And I will also say that if you have the medical benefits to participate in it. Something like a support group or coaching, Jay, like what you mentioned, I have the benefit of. Just the most magical therapist in all of the world. Who I was seeing anyway, because ADHD. I make sure that those are things that are being leaned upon as much as possible. And recognizing to, you know, I mentioned earlier that like it's important to be honest and to have a lexicon about things. That level of honesty is going to differ between your professional life and your personal life. So at home, you know, I have different words and different ways in which I talk to my wife or my children about what it is that I am living through on a particular day. You know, and if I suddenly like sort of lose consciousness for a moment and drop what I'm holding or just can't walk so super well and listen, constant signaling, I think is really important. I'm very lucky at work to have just the most amazing boss to whom I can like message the morning and say, like, just so you know, today is a little bit rough. And so here are the things to maybe not expect from me today. Or here are the ways in which I'm going to try and compensate for that today. So having like those are those are those are great tools for me also. Morning planning is everything. I sit down every day and I look at my calendar and I go into my bullet journal. I've adopted bullet journal pretty hard since the beginning of this. I think I think because I wanted to be able to feel like I was holding something in my hands that I had like this is mine. I can really I can hold on to it in a way that I can't hold on to the content in an app or in an automation. Good question with that. Do you have do you have any like writing? I guess deficiencies that have kind of spurred out of this, because I feel like I feel like that would be a very good indicator of how many spoons you have physically of like, hey, I can't write what's in my book, what I need to add to my bullet journal today. Like, obviously, there's there's going to be a spoons discrepancy today, if that's the case. Right. And I mean, and a festival of symptoms like means different things on different days. My arms were numb earlier. They aren't now, but my hands are on fire. It can hurt, but it hurts no more if I'm writing than if I'm not. So lucky me? Question mark. I mean, I have not been able to not. I have not encountered a situation where I can't write. Which is which is good. I suppose that if that were the case, I would still conduct the same exercise and I would yell at my favorite voice assistant to help me out with that. I which I do a lot of anyway, just because I find it convenient. And I never learned how to touch type. Hi, I'm Scotty Jackson. I'm 44 years old and I never passed a type in class. I've been using a computer since I was like six and I still can't type. It's it's deplorable. But anyway, so so luckily I can I can count this as this is a reliable habit. So I do I will write the day, month and date at the top underline. And then the first thing I write down is a triangle. I'll come back to that and then write down a lightning bolt on the line below that. I'll come back to that, too. And then I list out the appointments that I have on my calendar. Now, I at work, I am a manager type person, which means I go to meetings and talk about stuff. So I tend to have a fairly calendar driven day. And then I also, you know, after I've listed off my appointments, I list off, you know, some of the most important things that I want to make sure I get done that day. And I look at that and I think like, OK, so here's what was on my calendar. Here's what I care about. Am I can I do all this stuff? And if I can, great. If I can do more, awesome. And if I need to do less, that is like an immediate action now is like, how do I remove some of these things? Because I'm not going to be able to do it. And then I come back to that triangle. The triangle is my theme for the day based on what is on my calendar and based on the most important things that I want to do. What is my theme? And so some days it's like, let it go, because I'm going to have some like maybe contentious decisions and I need to remind myself to just let it go. Or maybe I'm going to have a day that I'm not like feeling like super great about. So I'll write like, be confident. And other days might be like heavy, like super heavy meeting days, like from meeting to meeting. And so the theme is sale. Play me on my. And it's just like remind myself to just like go through the day. And then below that, the lightning bolt, that is when I come out of today, if I only get to say, I accomplish one thing, what was it? And it might not be like a task that is below. It might be like some sort of other outcome. And so with a theme and with a like one most important thing that I want to get out of the day, those become like sort of touchstone reminders to me as I go through the events and as I go through the tasks that I've already listed. Do you have a fancy name for this? Because I have some ideas. Ideas welcome. I'm actually in the process of documenting this as Hey, Scotty, JOS. I like the Highlanders, because there can be only one. There can be only one. That's pretty good. Has a role. And I've got a variety of little iconography is that I put as well so that I can so that I can scan stuff. But I that is as a like. That way. If the day falls apart afterward, I at least know how I thought it would go at the beginning. And then I do a midday check in with myself to say like how things are going. And then at the end of the day, I do a little reflection. And there's a bit more detail than that, but that is how I am learning to be self observant about how much energy I have and also to try and capture in as much as I can. Triggers that make things worse. And comforts that make things better. And trying to like log those. So like. I spent an inordinate amount of time in the early days of this, like trying to track like triggers, I was logging. I was logging what what time I got up, what the weather was like, when I ate and how much how much water I was drinking, what my symptoms were, what my mood was, and like all of these different dimensions. And the only pattern I could find was that I was basically in pain all the time. So my neurologist thankfully said, OK, you can stop tracking now, because there's no obvious like trigger. This is just sort of a permanent thing. But I would suggest that if one is not experiencing. Chronic pain in a way that is sort of constant, that those might be good things to track. Because you can maybe see because you can maybe see if there's anything in particular that makes it worse or better. And I'm not suggesting like, and how much sodium and how much vitamin D. I like, oh, my God, like even just tracking like wake up, whether. Eating, drinking water, coffee, that sort of thing. Symptoms and and moods. That's a lot of work, actually. I mean, of course, I had like a nice little automation that fed it into a data jar. I think whenever cool, but it's still laborious because you have to think about it. And it's annoying to think about writing down every little thing you do. But you might find an interesting pattern there. And so I've gone from that level of self observation to like a higher altitude level of self observation where I'm looking for like what makes it worse in a moment. In a moment where things seem worse, what is happening? And in a moment where things seem better, what am I doing or what am I using? You know, big ups to my weighted blanket and heating pads over there. The daily routine. Honest and constant communication with. With everybody. It like tools like, you know, like I said, like how I'm using my bullet journal and calendar to be constantly aware of the things that are happening. And I'm not just, you know. Life moves pretty fast. John Hughes said that I think. I think also. Other other comforts are. Delighting in even if it's five minutes. Just sit down with my dogs and pet them or read my kid an extra read one of my my little list, an extra chapter of a book or involve my other children in home projects now that they're 12 and. Can at least bring me a power tool. I'm comfortable with that. Can't use it yet, but. And. Finding ways. To interstitially add joy. Is just the most important. Like I, I, I, like I, I, I, I tell jokes and try and make myself laugh. I build in time with other people. I, I, I, I stop working for a little bit and say, you know what? I just, I need five. I'm going to message Jay a link to this thing that I found that involves paper and pens and envelopes that he might find interesting, or. I just saw a cool link on Twitter. They gave me an idea for, for a shortcut and talk to the shortcuts group about stuff. I think that that's. That that's important. And I think looking at my calendar and looking, listening at my events, I also get an idea in the back of my head and I don't write this down, but I should. I'm writing this down now. If there is a gap. In time there. How am I pre committing that? And when I say committing, I mean like really committing. How am I pre committing that to turn off my monitor and put on a podcast and just close my eyes for a minute? Where am I going to do that? It sounds like you might have a, a connection. There in that idea. Yes. Yes. Yes. Okay. That that. Cool. So let's, let's use this as an opportunity to move into our connections. Um, let me, let me get yours in, in a single sentence. If we can, that way I can hold you accountable and make sure you, you message me back saying, Hey, I condid it. Well, I'm, I'm, I will tweet it. I will tweet this with the hashtag my conduit. Okay. I love it. And make it, make it that, but, but. My connection is to be so deliberate about building in the little things for me that bring me joy, that I will write them in my daily plan as purposefully as I would write any other committed meeting. Okay. I like that. So adding, did you write that? Did you happen to write that? I'm going to get that wrong when I tweet it. Damn it. Yep. I wrote most of it. Bless you, Jay. So for me, I'm going to do something similar. Um, I'm actually going to make a commitment to something of that coffee and artificial sun first thing in the morning, um, artificial sun being a vitamin D supplement because I've, let's be honest, I'm not going to go outside. Uh, the, the coffee part is important. Um, anyone that knows me, uh, you know, I have ADHD. I am notorious for starting to make coffee and not finishing it, uh, until like two or three in the afternoon. So my goal is if I wake up at 7 30 in the morning and I'm getting ready to start my day and I will, and when I say first thing that I'm doing, it means that. I cannot log into my computer until I have started the process of making coffee. I cannot commit to, you know, obviously if I have a meeting, actually, I'm going to check that now. Do I have any meetings early, early, early next week? I don't think I do. Okay. Cool. Okay. Cool. Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. So next week, coffee, vitamin D, first thing in the morning. I could probably even say the next two weeks. I don't have anything that's in the way of that for the first couple, for the first, for the next two weeks. So yeah, coffee, artificial sunlight before I even log into the computer. That way it's the first thing that happens in the morning. That's good. I have a, I don't know what this is. This is a Verilux, uh, number, uh, that does the artificial sunlight thing because where, where I am, we've just gone through the daylight savings time change, um, thankfully, because, um, my kids only go to school in partial darkness now, but the sun rises like around noon and that's like three 30. It's, it's, it's brutal. Like you get like two and a half hours. I'm exaggerating, but, but it's, but it's dark a lot. Uh, and, uh, so I, I, I feel you there 100%. And then we also have some, uh, connections for, from our community. If you want to be a part of that community, again, relay.fm slash conduit, click that button. Uh, it supports the show, uh, it supports the network, but it also gives you access to our amazing discord where again, you have hundreds of people who are absolutely amazing, providing accountability and help to one another, uh, making sure that stuff, uh, I mean, sometimes stuff falls, but at least we won't let you be too hard on yourself if it does. Um, but. Friend of the show, Maddie says next fortnight connection, continuing on the foundation system, um, and the foundation at work, uh, finding a way to visualize my theme so I see if every day I can hold my theme in my mind. Um, I think that's awesome. Uh, again, uh, Ben, you, you owe me a poster. I know Maddie has a poster, which makes me want one even more. Maddie has a great poster that says, you know, should I do a new thing? And then it's a pie chart that says no, and then no, in a different color, uh, which is great and I want one. Um, we're trying to figure out how to, how to make that a thing that people can get. Um, but of course that's always a challenge. Uh, what about, what about Alex? Yes, Alex has a connection. I need to start figuring out what I want with my job. I've got a few options for growth, but all in different direction. Stay close to my engineering background or move closer to a developer advocate role. Uh, that's a, that's an interesting one. Uh, Alex, I'm interested to hear connection checks in future about how you, how you go about doing that. That's, uh, that's, that's all that feels like tire territory, Jay. I mean, as a developer advocate myself, um, I, I know what that feeling looks like and feels like very much. And, and Alex actually is one of those people that, uh, I've talked to a couple of times trying to say like, Hey, you know, there, there are some options there. Um, ultimately it is very much a tire as an advocate. There are things that I want to do that I don't have the, the ability to do because of my role. And, um, if I were an engineer, it would kind of be the same thing. Um, I get paid to go give talks now where as an engineer, you know, you get paid to write the thing that the developer advocates go get paid to give talks about, so, uh, you know, you're, you're not, you're definitely allowed to speak, but you know, sometimes. You're focused on other things. And again, it's, it's all based on what you want to be doing and how you want to be doing it. And, um, of course, Alex, you know, feel free to reach out to me if you have any more questions. Um, our, but dots are blue dragon of the show. Sky says, I want to give myself some time to just appreciate what I have and be thankful and giving appreciation does not mean everything is perfect, but acknowledging that what I have right now is good and that it's working. Um, you know, whether they say perfect is the, the enemy of done. Um, I think in many ways in the military, we had a phrase, fastest, slow, um, or sorry, slow, yeah, fastest, slow and slow is fast. So slow is fast. So to be able to just kind of slow down, be glad that what you have is working, uh, and not necessarily feel like you have to make it perfect, but make it, you know, good enough. I think good enough is, is often the great spot to be in because it gives you the flexibility to, to make adjustments as needed. Uh, and then again, this, uh, this new, this new friend of the show, uh, the, the gazpacho of the show, Kathy, selfishly, Kathy, thank you very much for going to London so that I could have this opportunity to be here and hang out. I, I, I can't wait to hear your connection check next time, but you know, selfishly, thanks for it. Thanks for this one. Uh, uh, Kathy, uh, says intentionality is the name of the game for this Fortnite making active choices for things that previously I might've just run on autopilot to help me, to help better, uh, help me focus on what I'm doing. And that resonates so, so deeply. I think that's, uh, that feels like a flavor of what I'm trying to do as well. So, uh, Kathy, virtual high five. And, uh, uh, I look forward to hearing your update next show. And last but not least, we have Ankenu who says my connection for the next Fortnite, uh, I'm now on vacation. Yes. Vacation is always good. And with redacted events, I was prompted to review my stated theme goals and start, uh, from the start of the year and found a line item that I'd completely forgotten or completely neglected, I guess, um, enhance negative space, declutter and appreciate what remains. Um, I think that's awesome. I love that again. It, the negative space is something that I've been focusing on of like, how do you, how do you insert artificial nothingness into your system, into your system and, and give yourself the ability to do less and do more from doing less. If that makes sense. Uh, and then also be appreciative of what's going on there. Um, Ankenu also writes, I'm going to take the time away from work to start some of those processes around the house. So starting with your home and then declutter some of the things that have been occupying your mind. Uh, best of luck on Ankenu. Of course you can do it. Um, yes. That, and I think that's, that's going to be it for, for this one. Uh, Scotty, thank you so much for being an amazing guest. I absolutely have to, to make sure that we, uh, give you the proper shout out. So please let everybody know how they can get in touch with you. Uh, thanks again for having me, Joe. This has just been splendid. Uh, folks can find me on the internet at HeyScottyJ.com, uh, on Twitter at Hey Scotty J is just the best, best place. I would, I would love, I would love to find out and hear if this resonated. I would love to talk with others who have maybe more experience and expertise in this than I do. Uh, I would love to hear from folks if you would like more ideas or if you just want to jam about this stuff or anything productivity related, um, that's where to find me. And, and then of course, check out nested folders, the, the show that talks about, you know, systems and the details a little bit more than we do, but, uh, definitely one of my favorite shows. One of the places where I get to hear Scotty in my head and then I immediately call him and go, that was a good episode. Good job. Yeah. Yeah. So I get to have the great fortune of doing that with, um, other, uh, member of Relay FM switch on, uh, Rosemary Orchard. You find that at nestedfolderspodcast.com. So, uh, that's going to wrap it up for this show. As always, thank you to Pingdom for sponsoring the show. Uh, Scotty, did we con do it? Jay, we so con did.