I'm not going to start a meeting, but I'm going to talk to Larry up really soon. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle
I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle
I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle
I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle
I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. Hello beautiful humans. Welcome to another episode of Teach and Tech. Today we have Christian to talk about queries and databases and all the fun things
I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. I'm going to make a hole in the middle. Hello beautiful humans. Welcome to another episode of Teach and Tech. Today we have Christian to talk about queries and databases and all the fun things We became friends because of Jacob's Twitter spaces. I think actually Theo saying that you would be a good person to talk to about databases. Can you hear me by the way? I can't. I think you would hear Christian. That's a more important part
We became friends because of Jacob's Twitter spaces. I think actually Theo saying that you would be a good person to talk to about databases. Can you hear me by the way? I can't. I think you would hear Christian. That's a more important part I think we were both in Twitter spaces where I usually hang out and you're just like there. I was doing database stuff at the time. I met you and I was running around the San Francisco going to work and sat down and had an awesome conversation with you. You were like, you were like, made my day
I think we were both in Twitter spaces where I usually hang out and you're just like there. I was doing database stuff at the time. I met you and I was running around the San Francisco going to work and sat down and had an awesome conversation with you. You were like, you were like, made my day Watch the stream. It's pretty cool. It's good to finally be here. Yes, yes, it has been also everybody calling me out. And I love that so many have about like actually like showing up on time and like having consistency. Because I would like not have anyone on the show for a while
Watch the stream. It's pretty cool. It's good to finally be here. Yes, yes, it has been also everybody calling me out. And I love that so many have about like actually like showing up on time and like having consistency. Because I would like not have anyone on the show for a while I would like to forget or like just life. And now I'm like, oh, I actually have to make this priority of on time. So people know when to show up. Because that's kind of hard. And thank you, everyone for joining me. We got learner. And is it aerial? I feel like I'm looking at it weird
I would like to forget or like just life. And now I'm like, oh, I actually have to make this priority of on time. So people know when to show up. Because that's kind of hard. And thank you, everyone for joining me. We got learner. And is it aerial? I feel like I'm looking at it weird Is that how I say your name? I feel this is like the hardest part about like streaming is I'm always like. I mean, I'm not me and names. Even if it's like a normal name, I'm going to be like, I'm Nick. And there should be a leader board about starting streams on time
Is that how I say your name? I feel this is like the hardest part about like streaming is I'm always like. I mean, I'm not me and names. Even if it's like a normal name, I'm going to be like, I'm Nick. And there should be a leader board about starting streams on time Hey, the stream wasn't on time, but it was. Did not burn your ears from how loud the music was going to be on the countdown that I was so excited. I got working. So yeah, the countdown, the countdown was pretty loud. It was a yeah. I'm glad you saved everybody's ears. And also, so
Hey, the stream wasn't on time, but it was. Did not burn your ears from how loud the music was going to be on the countdown that I was so excited. I got working. So yeah, the countdown, the countdown was pretty loud. It was a yeah. I'm glad you saved everybody's ears. And also, so And also, so. Yes, we mount Twitter spaces. You're in San Francisco area. You used to live in Denver, right? Yes, yeah, I was born and raised in Denver. So that's like, that's still very much like, I guess like home for me in a way
And also, so. Yes, we mount Twitter spaces. You're in San Francisco area. You used to live in Denver, right? Yes, yeah, I was born and raised in Denver. So that's like, that's still very much like, I guess like home for me in a way And it's just funny because between you and Tim Berglund, you both used to live in Denver. When I was in Denver, I didn't realize it. Yeah, until like shortly after you both moved and I was like, oh. Yeah, yeah. And then I think you just do talk about where you live, by the way. I'm not sure
And it's just funny because between you and Tim Berglund, you both used to live in Denver. When I was in Denver, I didn't realize it. Yeah, until like shortly after you both moved and I was like, oh. Yeah, yeah. And then I think you just do talk about where you live, by the way. I'm not sure I'm not sure. Oh, yeah, I'm in Phoenix, yeah. Okay. Yeah. I'm in Phoenix, yeah. Nice and toasty. Yeah. Yeah. So you just like move. Yeah. So like all the like us being in Denver at the same time, it's like almost lined up. It just like didn't quite, which is, yeah
I'm not sure. Oh, yeah, I'm in Phoenix, yeah. Okay. Yeah. I'm in Phoenix, yeah. Nice and toasty. Yeah. Yeah. So you just like move. Yeah. So like all the like us being in Denver at the same time, it's like almost lined up. It just like didn't quite, which is, yeah Are you going to Denver startup week? Like that's. No, I'm not doing any traveling for a while. I'm on a very, yeah, once a, I like, I call my mom sometimes and she's like, like, when are you visiting home next? And I'm like, I have no idea. I have no idea
Are you going to Denver startup week? Like that's. No, I'm not doing any traveling for a while. I'm on a very, yeah, once a, I like, I call my mom sometimes and she's like, like, when are you visiting home next? And I'm like, I have no idea. I have no idea I have no idea. Anything for like the next three or four months. And then everything will settle out. And I can like potentially travel again. But yeah. So. I'm going for Denver startup week. One of my talks got accepted
I have no idea. Anything for like the next three or four months. And then everything will settle out. And I can like potentially travel again. But yeah. So. I'm going for Denver startup week. One of my talks got accepted And so I'm very excited to visit again, but at the same time, I'm like, I'm really glad I have a cool job that lets me travel. And you know, I get a, my talk there is for mental health and neurodiversity and tech. And I'm like, I'm very fortunate that work takes care of that for me
And so I'm very excited to visit again, but at the same time, I'm like, I'm really glad I have a cool job that lets me travel. And you know, I get a, my talk there is for mental health and neurodiversity and tech. And I'm like, I'm very fortunate that work takes care of that for me And it's pretty cool to be able to talk about Ivan there. But then also since learning about databases. I don't, why do so many people, I feel like databases get a bad rap. Yeah. I think. Generally, they're like, they're, they're just a very like hard problem
And it's pretty cool to be able to talk about Ivan there. But then also since learning about databases. I don't, why do so many people, I feel like databases get a bad rap. Yeah. I think. Generally, they're like, they're, they're just a very like hard problem Like they, they're just, they're incredibly hard. And like, even for me, I've like scratched like the surface of like seeing how, like things work. And it's just like an incredibly tough problem. I think only very recently has like the experience around that gone a lot better
Like they, they're just, they're incredibly hard. And like, even for me, I've like scratched like the surface of like seeing how, like things work. And it's just like an incredibly tough problem. I think only very recently has like the experience around that gone a lot better And I think part of that is just like developers have been like wanting it to get better. And so companies are just like spraying up in the cake. We're going to make this better. But yeah, they, yeah, they definitely get a better app
And I think part of that is just like developers have been like wanting it to get better. And so companies are just like spraying up in the cake. We're going to make this better. But yeah, they, yeah, they definitely get a better app And there's also like a lot of like infighting between what is the best one. But that's like with every developer tool. So there's like, you know, like grand factions of like all the people who like Postgres or my sequel or who are like no sequel
And there's also like a lot of like infighting between what is the best one. But that's like with every developer tool. So there's like, you know, like grand factions of like all the people who like Postgres or my sequel or who are like no sequel And are doing like MongoDB or Dynamore or something like that. I think it's very strong opinions. So. So that is probably the one that. And for anybody like in the audience, please also chime in on
And are doing like MongoDB or Dynamore or something like that. I think it's very strong opinions. So. So that is probably the one that. And for anybody like in the audience, please also chime in on What are the big differences between my sequel and Postgres? And why would one be considered better? I'm still struggling with that one specifically. Um. Hmm. Man, I wish this is where I need like a way better understanding of database architecture. But I think the sum of it is
What are the big differences between my sequel and Postgres? And why would one be considered better? I'm still struggling with that one specifically. Um. Hmm. Man, I wish this is where I need like a way better understanding of database architecture. But I think the sum of it is My sequel is is has the potential to be a lot more scalable. And I think when you talk about scalable, it's like. These are the things that like big companies worry about or like been big edge prizes worry about
My sequel is is has the potential to be a lot more scalable. And I think when you talk about scalable, it's like. These are the things that like big companies worry about or like been big edge prizes worry about Like if you're on a personal project and you're like, should I pick my sequel or Postgres? It's like, you know, honestly, you can pick either and you'll probably be happy like with either one unless your project somehow scales super highly
Like if you're on a personal project and you're like, should I pick my sequel or Postgres? It's like, you know, honestly, you can pick either and you'll probably be happy like with either one unless your project somehow scales super highly Um, you know, I think at that point, like what provider you pick, how much is it going to cost is like way more important to you than like the actual underlying database management system. But once you start getting to scale things like how do you charge your database or like how do you
Um, you know, I think at that point, like what provider you pick, how much is it going to cost is like way more important to you than like the actual underlying database management system. But once you start getting to scale things like how do you charge your database or like how do you Uh, if you decide to scale like horizontally or vertically horizontally, meaning you just add more and more database servers and the vertically mean you just scale. I believe the compute of those servers. Like deciding how to do that becomes more and more complicated
Uh, if you decide to scale like horizontally or vertically horizontally, meaning you just add more and more database servers and the vertically mean you just scale. I believe the compute of those servers. Like deciding how to do that becomes more and more complicated Um, so what is, um, so this is me like not being in it. What's starting again because it's not it's not about your pants and somebody having a bad day. No, no. So charting, I believe it's like you split your database into sort of multiple
Um, so what is, um, so this is me like not being in it. What's starting again because it's not it's not about your pants and somebody having a bad day. No, no. So charting, I believe it's like you split your database into sort of multiple Uh, different parts and you run them on just different servers, right? So you just like, you're like, okay, typically databases, not typically, but like when you start off your database will run on like one server, just one box and it's all good
Uh, different parts and you run them on just different servers, right? So you just like, you're like, okay, typically databases, not typically, but like when you start off your database will run on like one server, just one box and it's all good And then as your service, where it gets bigger and bigger, bigger needs to split it up across multiple different servers in order to make sure that like you can scale properly. Um, this is why like I'm going to do my plan scale shilling and I hope I do it properly
And then as your service, where it gets bigger and bigger, bigger needs to split it up across multiple different servers in order to make sure that like you can scale properly. Um, this is why like I'm going to do my plan scale shilling and I hope I do it properly Otherwise Sam is going to do it and be like, ah, you're wrong. But, um, the reason I will have to come on the stream and like, you know, do something as well. Yeah, I need, I need to do my plan scale shilling properly because I want a database hat. I still have not got a database hat yet
Otherwise Sam is going to do it and be like, ah, you're wrong. But, um, the reason I will have to come on the stream and like, you know, do something as well. Yeah, I need, I need to do my plan scale shilling properly because I want a database hat. I still have not got a database hat yet And I just, I need to leave email Sam and be like, hey, I want my database hat. Come on, Sam. So, yeah. So the thing that makes like plan scale is very nice is that it handles all of the sort of, uh, like charting of the database for you
And I just, I need to leave email Sam and be like, hey, I want my database hat. Come on, Sam. So, yeah. So the thing that makes like plan scale is very nice is that it handles all of the sort of, uh, like charting of the database for you Where it'll say, okay, like this database is like reached a certain amount of like load and it will just like split the database up in a way where that load is sort of handled across multiple different servers instead of one server
Where it'll say, okay, like this database is like reached a certain amount of like load and it will just like split the database up in a way where that load is sort of handled across multiple different servers instead of one server The hard part about that is just making like if your data is in multiple different places instead of one place, find me it becomes very difficult because you need to like orchestrate queries across multiple different servers instead of one server
The hard part about that is just making like if your data is in multiple different places instead of one place, find me it becomes very difficult because you need to like orchestrate queries across multiple different servers instead of one server So, you know, companies like YouTube who have like reached such a high scale to spend, you know, 10 years building out technology that allows like this to be done efficiently allows the database to be run like super fast
So, you know, companies like YouTube who have like reached such a high scale to spend, you know, 10 years building out technology that allows like this to be done efficiently allows the database to be run like super fast So it's like databases are just they're just they're very, very hard problems and I've probably butchered like half of these explanations because like I still like understanding how exactly all of this work is still super tough. But yeah
So it's like databases are just they're just they're very, very hard problems and I've probably butchered like half of these explanations because like I still like understanding how exactly all of this work is still super tough. But yeah I appreciate you coming on here because I feel like this is something that Jacob will ask me and for those who haven't met Jacob, you need to like stop what you're doing and go follow Jacob and go show up on his Twitter spaces because he's also just super fun to poke fun at but he is and tell him how lovely of a human he is
I appreciate you coming on here because I feel like this is something that Jacob will ask me and for those who haven't met Jacob, you need to like stop what you're doing and go follow Jacob and go show up on his Twitter spaces because he's also just super fun to poke fun at but he is and tell him how lovely of a human he is But he also is someone that challenges me the most and it drives me bananas because he'll be like, Jen, why are you learning Postgres? Why Postgres? Why sequel? Why not no sequel? And I'm just like, I don't know yet because I don't understand but he
But he also is someone that challenges me the most and it drives me bananas because he'll be like, Jen, why are you learning Postgres? Why Postgres? Why sequel? Why not no sequel? And I'm just like, I don't know yet because I don't understand but he But he having him ask me these questions has helps me quite a bit with like understanding and realizing that it may make sense if somebody explains it to me, but it doesn't always make sense explaining it to others, which is a challenge. So I totally appreciate you going through that
But he having him ask me these questions has helps me quite a bit with like understanding and realizing that it may make sense if somebody explains it to me, but it doesn't always make sense explaining it to others, which is a challenge. So I totally appreciate you going through that Oh, geez, I don't I don't think I want to ask that Nick. You ask him. Oh, geez. Okay, well anyway, so how did you get into databases and date. I still feel very, very new to all of it, to be honest, but basically, I was at. I worked at a company called Courier, which I left in May
Oh, geez, I don't I don't think I want to ask that Nick. You ask him. Oh, geez. Okay, well anyway, so how did you get into databases and date. I still feel very, very new to all of it, to be honest, but basically, I was at. I worked at a company called Courier, which I left in May And while I was there, we were sort of like working on launching a new product. We're going just like changing a much of how the database works. So I was just going and like learning how dynamo TV worked and reading like over AWS documentation
And while I was there, we were sort of like working on launching a new product. We're going just like changing a much of how the database works. So I was just going and like learning how dynamo TV worked and reading like over AWS documentation And AWS is like very, very, very, they're very thorough with their documentation, but like, you know, you have a week to ship a feature
And AWS is like very, very, very, they're very thorough with their documentation, but like, you know, you have a week to ship a feature Or we were running out of time to ship a feature and it was like, okay, I need to learn how dynamo DB works and all of its complexities and how to scale it properly and, you know, how to design it properly. So I don't. Like hotkey a table
Or we were running out of time to ship a feature and it was like, okay, I need to learn how dynamo DB works and all of its complexities and how to scale it properly and, you know, how to design it properly. So I don't. Like hotkey a table And hotkeying a table just means that there's a certain set of data that you're trying to access
And hotkeying a table just means that there's a certain set of data that you're trying to access And so, this dynamo just has a bunch of specific design patterns where if you break a few of the rules, your entire database slows down, dynamo is also connected to other parts of other services in AWS. So if you slow down, dynamo, you end up slowing down like other services as well, which is fun
And so, this dynamo just has a bunch of specific design patterns where if you break a few of the rules, your entire database slows down, dynamo is also connected to other parts of other services in AWS. So if you slow down, dynamo, you end up slowing down like other services as well, which is fun So you have like a very fun cascading effect. So trying to learn how to do all of that and like a very short amount of time. And when I sort of looked to see if there are like any tools to like solve this problem for me, it was just, and yeah, it is a. It's not necessarily a document database
So you have like a very fun cascading effect. So trying to learn how to do all of that and like a very short amount of time. And when I sort of looked to see if there are like any tools to like solve this problem for me, it was just, and yeah, it is a. It's not necessarily a document database It is like a no SQL database. I think like a document databases like a little bit different learner. Sorry, just talking to chat. But anyway, so yeah, I was like sort of going through and doing all of this. I was looking for a tool that would solve this problem. And then I just didn't find one
It is like a no SQL database. I think like a document databases like a little bit different learner. Sorry, just talking to chat. But anyway, so yeah, I was like sort of going through and doing all of this. I was looking for a tool that would solve this problem. And then I just didn't find one And then I sort of realized like a lot of like the way that you design databases is in code and there's just sort of like weird bridge between like the code that you write in your database and like where your database is actually hosted
And then I sort of realized like a lot of like the way that you design databases is in code and there's just sort of like weird bridge between like the code that you write in your database and like where your database is actually hosted So like trying to learn all of this and solve these problems and eventually like left courier, like started the company, it's like do all of these things. To solve, wow, reading chat and talking is super difficult respect to all the streamers. I'm sorry, I'm just realizing this now
So like trying to learn all of this and solve these problems and eventually like left courier, like started the company, it's like do all of these things. To solve, wow, reading chat and talking is super difficult respect to all the streamers. I'm sorry, I'm just realizing this now But really quick, I wanted to ask what was the database called because it's called dynamo. I can't get that dinosaur. So I'm just kind of like pause really quick and make sure. I know, right? Oh, hey, I can, I can. So this is what we are talking about. I will link it
But really quick, I wanted to ask what was the database called because it's called dynamo. I can't get that dinosaur. So I'm just kind of like pause really quick and make sure. I know, right? Oh, hey, I can, I can. So this is what we are talking about. I will link it I will link it. Yeah, I dropped it in the in the chat. So it's. It's, it's most commonly used, I think, by people who are like. Like doing a lot of serverless stuff on AWS, it's, it's a fantastic database. Super scalable
I will link it. Yeah, I dropped it in the in the chat. So it's. It's, it's most commonly used, I think, by people who are like. Like doing a lot of serverless stuff on AWS, it's, it's a fantastic database. Super scalable Super scalable. You just basically, if you set it up properly, you never have to worry about scale ever. But you also, when you do set it up, it is very, very hard to change. In certain ways. So you get the scale, but you also just like can't mess with it at all, which is very fun
Super scalable. You just basically, if you set it up properly, you never have to worry about scale ever. But you also, when you do set it up, it is very, very hard to change. In certain ways. So you get the scale, but you also just like can't mess with it at all, which is very fun And yes, having, having so many streaming and replying and typing and yes, it's, it's a lot of fun streaming. And this is why I'll be like delayed. I feel very fortunate because learner will just like ask me a question again if I like forgot
And yes, having, having so many streaming and replying and typing and yes, it's, it's a lot of fun streaming. And this is why I'll be like delayed. I feel very fortunate because learner will just like ask me a question again if I like forgot Like spaced replying or I'll just like cut off what I'm doing and like cut someone off to reply to it. And I'm like, oh, yeah, there we go. This is, this is good. This is good. So you're doing great and replying. And thank you for putting it in the chat. Okay
Like spaced replying or I'll just like cut off what I'm doing and like cut someone off to reply to it. And I'm like, oh, yeah, there we go. This is, this is good. This is good. So you're doing great and replying. And thank you for putting it in the chat. Okay Okay. Now, if it's a no sequel, how and why did you learn sequel queries? So for me, when I was sort of thinking about like what I should build or the problems that I should solve, initially it started off just being like, okay, I'm going to build like a really good dynamo DB studio
Okay. Now, if it's a no sequel, how and why did you learn sequel queries? So for me, when I was sort of thinking about like what I should build or the problems that I should solve, initially it started off just being like, okay, I'm going to build like a really good dynamo DB studio And then I just sort of thought, well, like all of the customers for that are like super limited and also, they're not necessarily super limited, but there's just like a very limited subset of people using dynamo
And then I just sort of thought, well, like all of the customers for that are like super limited and also, they're not necessarily super limited, but there's just like a very limited subset of people using dynamo So it's a little bit of a set of sales process on all of this hard, but I eventually just like went and I had been like familiar with using plan scale use it on a bunch of like my personal projects
So it's a little bit of a set of sales process on all of this hard, but I eventually just like went and I had been like familiar with using plan scale use it on a bunch of like my personal projects And sort of when I was like explaining the idea of like what I wanted to do like talk to a bunch of people. And then I just want to make plan scale like makes migration super easy with Prisma
And sort of when I was like explaining the idea of like what I wanted to do like talk to a bunch of people. And then I just want to make plan scale like makes migration super easy with Prisma So I'll just build you like a way to do database migrations in sequel because that seems to be something that is like really hard to do. So you can like look at your sequel schema, understand it and like make changes to it
So I'll just build you like a way to do database migrations in sequel because that seems to be something that is like really hard to do. So you can like look at your sequel schema, understand it and like make changes to it And then I just got suggested I'm pretty sure my Theo to just start with plan scale, which ended up being like a very good decision for a multitude of reasons. I bring on plan scale a lot when I talk about databases, but I like genuinely love that product. It's very good
And then I just got suggested I'm pretty sure my Theo to just start with plan scale, which ended up being like a very good decision for a multitude of reasons. I bring on plan scale a lot when I talk about databases, but I like genuinely love that product. It's very good It's very good. It's it just solves like a lot of different problems. I better get this database hat. I'm going to send this entire stream to Sam and I'm going to be. I better get that hat. And then we'll just Sam. So that way you know, Christians doing amazing
It's very good. It's it just solves like a lot of different problems. I better get this database hat. I'm going to send this entire stream to Sam and I'm going to be. I better get that hat. And then we'll just Sam. So that way you know, Christians doing amazing And now Sam, you need to be on the show as well. Yeah, yeah, that'd be fun. Sam's pretty cool because that's that's actually happened when Bakari was on my show. At the very beginning, he was talking about. Shit square. I think square
And now Sam, you need to be on the show as well. Yeah, yeah, that'd be fun. Sam's pretty cool because that's that's actually happened when Bakari was on my show. At the very beginning, he was talking about. Shit square. I think square I think square. And so somebody from square actually joined in and came on the stream after him too. Right. Because it was cool seeing the progression of it. So yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, that's sort of like why like SQL, I guess it's just because
I think square. And so somebody from square actually joined in and came on the stream after him too. Right. Because it was cool seeing the progression of it. So yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, that's sort of like why like SQL, I guess it's just because Yeah, there's just there are definitely problems in no SQL land. And actually I might end up building some tools for those databases, but just in SQL land. It's like a lot of the problems were there
Yeah, there's just there are definitely problems in no SQL land. And actually I might end up building some tools for those databases, but just in SQL land. It's like a lot of the problems were there Also, when I was talking to a lot of people, there are a lot of people moving to drizzle and drizzle at the time didn't have a studio. Then how a studio is pretty cool. And so it's just sort of like building for that because again, I had also missed like having Christmas studio around
Also, when I was talking to a lot of people, there are a lot of people moving to drizzle and drizzle at the time didn't have a studio. Then how a studio is pretty cool. And so it's just sort of like building for that because again, I had also missed like having Christmas studio around Like going and like having one place where your data is easily accessible is like so nice. I've like out of so I've worked at like three companies, which is not that many companies, but. I started off actually being a software tester. And I worked at a company called Max are as a contractor
Like going and like having one place where your data is easily accessible is like so nice. I've like out of so I've worked at like three companies, which is not that many companies, but. I started off actually being a software tester. And I worked at a company called Max are as a contractor And so I with them, I was like doing testing for their image ordering service. And so I just like have to go and like see a bunch of logs find all like the data within those logs. That was always like a fun process like tracking down IDs and then sticking stuff into
And so I with them, I was like doing testing for their image ordering service. And so I just like have to go and like see a bunch of logs find all like the data within those logs. That was always like a fun process like tracking down IDs and then sticking stuff into It wasn't insomnia, but insomnia's competitor. I don't know why I'm forgetting their name, but just like finding and like hunting for data was all either there and the one I left tonight went to the first start of that I worked at hyper. It was like again doing the same thing. Yeah, okay
It wasn't insomnia, but insomnia's competitor. I don't know why I'm forgetting their name, but just like finding and like hunting for data was all either there and the one I left tonight went to the first start of that I worked at hyper. It was like again doing the same thing. Yeah, okay Yeah, okay. It was like going in finding data updating data. And they we were using a tool called compass and like compass was fine, but it was like slow to start and then the buggy and had all these issues. And then even going to courier it's like we have their notification infrastructure service
Yeah, okay. It was like going in finding data updating data. And they we were using a tool called compass and like compass was fine, but it was like slow to start and then the buggy and had all these issues. And then even going to courier it's like we have their notification infrastructure service So you know, we would go through and like if you sent a message tracing like how that message went through all of the services in the database is like hard to find
So you know, we would go through and like if you sent a message tracing like how that message went through all of the services in the database is like hard to find So there are just like all these problems with like finding data and it's just like like mildly frustrating enough for me to be like, all right, we're going to do this and like solve this problem and see will just happens to be like a really good place to do it
So there are just like all these problems with like finding data and it's just like like mildly frustrating enough for me to be like, all right, we're going to do this and like solve this problem and see will just happens to be like a really good place to do it I think so are doing it for relational database is just like yeah
I think so are doing it for relational database is just like yeah Very cool and to fill in some gaps to make sure also my understanding is planet scale is my sequel and they're built upon my sequel where like mango and some other ones are actually not built on top of like Postgres or my sequel or anything they are their own like mango
Very cool and to fill in some gaps to make sure also my understanding is planet scale is my sequel and they're built upon my sequel where like mango and some other ones are actually not built on top of like Postgres or my sequel or anything they are their own like mango They're their own type of databases
They're their own type of databases And so like I then uses it all open source platforms like Postgres or my sequel or redis and Kafka and let's them build upon each other where like confluent is Kafka only star tree is from Pino and so that's something that was very hard for me to understand was and like click houses click house
And so like I then uses it all open source platforms like Postgres or my sequel or redis and Kafka and let's them build upon each other where like confluent is Kafka only star tree is from Pino and so that's something that was very hard for me to understand was and like click houses click house All these databases and they all do different things is realizing that sometimes a company is building upon a certain database rather than its own specific database. If that needs sense out loud yeah yeah so yeah, mango yeah, mango DB is just like pure mango DB
All these databases and they all do different things is realizing that sometimes a company is building upon a certain database rather than its own specific database. If that needs sense out loud yeah yeah so yeah, mango yeah, mango DB is just like pure mango DB I'm not honestly sure I don't fully understand how they work, but yeah, they're like their own separate database where it's like like you said, I've been hosts my sequel and they host Postgres and they host like redis database is what not
I'm not honestly sure I don't fully understand how they work, but yeah, they're like their own separate database where it's like like you said, I've been hosts my sequel and they host Postgres and they host like redis database is what not And then yeah, planet skills in this weird plan scale like neon and other providers neon is in this weird like they're building their own infrastructure plan scale
And then yeah, planet skills in this weird plan scale like neon and other providers neon is in this weird like they're building their own infrastructure plan scale It uses my sequel, but they're like built on top of the test, which is this like database charting sort of orchestration thing where they like let you host your database in like scale it very highly
It uses my sequel, but they're like built on top of the test, which is this like database charting sort of orchestration thing where they like let you host your database in like scale it very highly So yeah, there's all these sort of ways there's there's like your database management systems of Postgres and my sequel on the relational side at least and then there's like where you host it and there's a bunch of intricacies there or this technologies you built on top of it. So yeah
So yeah, there's all these sort of ways there's there's like your database management systems of Postgres and my sequel on the relational side at least and then there's like where you host it and there's a bunch of intricacies there or this technologies you built on top of it. So yeah So yeah. And as I head up for all of our new winners first off, definitely click follow because I talk about databases a ton like that's a big part of the show because and the reason I say that is I work at Ivan
So yeah. And as I head up for all of our new winners first off, definitely click follow because I talk about databases a ton like that's a big part of the show because and the reason I say that is I work at Ivan So I started working at Ivan, which is the open source data platform for everyone and I'm working on getting it down
So I started working at Ivan, which is the open source data platform for everyone and I'm working on getting it down And a lot of my learning is I'm curious about databases in general, a lot of what I learn about I compare so that way to Ivan so that way I actually understand what the company I do does better
And a lot of my learning is I'm curious about databases in general, a lot of what I learn about I compare so that way to Ivan so that way I actually understand what the company I do does better But that is to say that like I'm still forming my opinions to understand the tech it's so vast like we just talked about so many different databases that six months ago I would have been like
But that is to say that like I'm still forming my opinions to understand the tech it's so vast like we just talked about so many different databases that six months ago I would have been like What did you just say to me? That would have been like almost all of it so linked in the chat has been all the resources we've talked about all the tools Nick. You put I don't even know how to say HTTP i.e. Is that like does it have an actual name like is do you say it like that. HIPTI
What did you just say to me? That would have been like almost all of it so linked in the chat has been all the resources we've talked about all the tools Nick. You put I don't even know how to say HTTP i.e. Is that like does it have an actual name like is do you say it like that. HIPTI HIPTI. I have no idea. Oh, this is a I think he was talking about like post postman competitors. Yeah, can you link those in there just so that way we have the links if we want to. Yep, there we go. Hey, thanks. That works. Very cool. Okay, so we've talked a lot about background
HIPTI. I have no idea. Oh, this is a I think he was talking about like post postman competitors. Yeah, can you link those in there just so that way we have the links if we want to. Yep, there we go. Hey, thanks. That works. Very cool. Okay, so we've talked a lot about background We've talked about some theory. We've talked about like how you got there. As a quick one for everybody else, I ended up working at Ivan throughout like with teach and tech this stream that's been around a little over a year. And I was kind of going wherever people showed up on this show
We've talked about some theory. We've talked about like how you got there. As a quick one for everybody else, I ended up working at Ivan throughout like with teach and tech this stream that's been around a little over a year. And I was kind of going wherever people showed up on this show I was like teach me all the things because I don't know what to learn. And I was applying for jobs and I had to interview with the team that I've been and I was just like
I was like teach me all the things because I don't know what to learn. And I was applying for jobs and I had to interview with the team that I've been and I was just like Why are databases so cool? Like it's the first thing I got excited about and I was like I don't understand why databases are so cool. And then I realized that a lot of people don't talk about databases and they don't like databases. They find them very boring as well
Why are databases so cool? Like it's the first thing I got excited about and I was like I don't understand why databases are so cool. And then I realized that a lot of people don't talk about databases and they don't like databases. They find them very boring as well And I'm like, but they're so fascinating. And they store all your stuff and they do all the things. And so of course that intern came to falling in love with databases specifically postgres for myself
And I'm like, but they're so fascinating. And they store all your stuff and they do all the things. And so of course that intern came to falling in love with databases specifically postgres for myself That one was because it was first one I learned, which I feel like a lot of us fall in love with a lot of our first, our first loves. And also it's an elephant. I love elephants. They're my favorite. Absolute favorite. So that was an easy one
That one was because it was first one I learned, which I feel like a lot of us fall in love with a lot of our first, our first loves. And also it's an elephant. I love elephants. They're my favorite. Absolute favorite. So that was an easy one And between that and Josh Goldberg coming on the show like once a month to do typescripts. My land fell into falling in love with postgres and typescript. But they don't go together unless there's a lot of things in between it. And yeah, I don't know queries very well
And between that and Josh Goldberg coming on the show like once a month to do typescripts. My land fell into falling in love with postgres and typescript. But they don't go together unless there's a lot of things in between it. And yeah, I don't know queries very well And here's probably going to be the like I feel like this is the simplest yet hardest question. What is a query? So best way to answer this is so sequels called like the structure query language query language. It's like a standard that's used across a bunch of different databases
And here's probably going to be the like I feel like this is the simplest yet hardest question. What is a query? So best way to answer this is so sequels called like the structure query language query language. It's like a standard that's used across a bunch of different databases It's like a I believe it's an ANSI standard. Don't ask me what ANSI stands for. But it's like it's a standard that established by one of the governments. And it basically is like a bunch of like essentially a bunch of different words used to talk to the database. Right. And you can do
It's like a I believe it's an ANSI standard. Don't ask me what ANSI stands for. But it's like it's a standard that established by one of the governments. And it basically is like a bunch of like essentially a bunch of different words used to talk to the database. Right. And you can do And you can do. Every database does it a little bit differently. Right. So there are certain commands available in my sequel that are not available in postgres
And you can do. Every database does it a little bit differently. Right. So there are certain commands available in my sequel that are not available in postgres But generally there's like a bunch of like standard statements like the select statement like a select statement will always work like basically with every database that you'll ever run into that runs a sequel. So sequel is not by the way your like underlying database
But generally there's like a bunch of like standard statements like the select statement like a select statement will always work like basically with every database that you'll ever run into that runs a sequel. So sequel is not by the way your like underlying database It's just the language you use to talk to your database. So you can have like a relational database that speaks something that is not sequel, but they're not very common. I'm pasting along the way as you're explaining things I'm googling and pasting them in here. Sweet. Yeah. Yeah
It's just the language you use to talk to your database. So you can have like a relational database that speaks something that is not sequel, but they're not very common. I'm pasting along the way as you're explaining things I'm googling and pasting them in here. Sweet. Yeah. Yeah Sweet. Yeah. Yeah. So there's not a learner learner. You're going to have to be on the show someday, especially because you stay up so late. It's like midnight in where learner is. Anything with sequel that's not a procedural block is a query. Yeah. How many links to ANSI standard sweet. Oh, hey
Sweet. Yeah. Yeah. So there's not a learner learner. You're going to have to be on the show someday, especially because you stay up so late. It's like midnight in where learner is. Anything with sequel that's not a procedural block is a query. Yeah. How many links to ANSI standard sweet. Oh, hey Oh, hey. That's cool. Yeah. So. I'm looking at it really quick. Okay. We got an idea of what a query is then. And it's. And using sequel is the way that it's been explained to me. And I'm not sure if this is accurate is that it is a language then. Because it's a way it's talking to a database. Yes
Oh, hey. That's cool. Yeah. So. I'm looking at it really quick. Okay. We got an idea of what a query is then. And it's. And using sequel is the way that it's been explained to me. And I'm not sure if this is accurate is that it is a language then. Because it's a way it's talking to a database. Yes Yes. Yeah. It's. Yes. It's a language that like is like actually very nice to work with. I believe when I went on like reviewed all of this because I spent a little bit of time yesterday. It's like based on some sort of math. I like didn't have enough time to dig into it deeper, but it's very
Yes. Yeah. It's. Yes. It's a language that like is like actually very nice to work with. I believe when I went on like reviewed all of this because I spent a little bit of time yesterday. It's like based on some sort of math. I like didn't have enough time to dig into it deeper, but it's very It's pretty interesting. Also the reason why it's nice. It's. Yeah. It's very English like also it ignores white spaces. So do you have like a. I guess you could pull one up. If you have like a sequel editor and you like type in a sequel command. Right. You can like make it
It's pretty interesting. Also the reason why it's nice. It's. Yeah. It's very English like also it ignores white spaces. So do you have like a. I guess you could pull one up. If you have like a sequel editor and you like type in a sequel command. Right. You can like make it You like make it multiple lines very easily, which like makes it very, very readable. Yeah. So it ignores white spaces, which is, which is pretty nice. The Google's and I. I don't have one. If you have one that you may suggest. And I share my screen. Is that possible? Yeah. For sure. It should be
You like make it multiple lines very easily, which like makes it very, very readable. Yeah. So it ignores white spaces, which is, which is pretty nice. The Google's and I. I don't have one. If you have one that you may suggest. And I share my screen. Is that possible? Yeah. For sure. It should be It should be. Okay. Is there anything on my computer? I don't want people to see you knew. Oh, that's good. I'm glad it gives you a warning. Yeah. It's like. When I. This is done best on two monitors and I'm like, ah, okay. Really funny for. For everyone. When I first started streaming
It should be. Okay. Is there anything on my computer? I don't want people to see you knew. Oh, that's good. I'm glad it gives you a warning. Yeah. It's like. When I. This is done best on two monitors and I'm like, ah, okay. Really funny for. For everyone. When I first started streaming I shared my screen and I shared. I didn't realize Twitter was up and I'm new to Twitter. So I don't even know that Twitter is even that cool or anything. And all my DMs were open. So luckily back then only it's like, hey, I didn't actually have real conversations like
I shared my screen and I shared. I didn't realize Twitter was up and I'm new to Twitter. So I don't even know that Twitter is even that cool or anything. And all my DMs were open. So luckily back then only it's like, hey, I didn't actually have real conversations like I do now or like privacy and things like that. And I'm like, oh. Okay. Now I know. And I won't do that in the future. Okay. Cool. Sweet. So. Yeah. So this is like, this is like my SQL editor and whatnot. And the thing I was trying to say is the nice part is like. This command works the same way
I do now or like privacy and things like that. And I'm like, oh. Okay. Now I know. And I won't do that in the future. Okay. Cool. Sweet. So. Yeah. So this is like, this is like my SQL editor and whatnot. And the thing I was trying to say is the nice part is like. This command works the same way So if you have like a very long query because it ignores wide spaces, you can just like make it very big and add a bunch of stuff under it. And it will still work properly. So very English like very easy to like work with. And a little bit like SQL kind of yeah
So if you have like a very long query because it ignores wide spaces, you can just like make it very big and add a bunch of stuff under it. And it will still work properly. So very English like very easy to like work with. And a little bit like SQL kind of yeah So yeah, it's like very, very easy to work with works across a bunch of different things and it works like. This is not only for. Like. So like databases like Postgres and whatnot like you might think of them as like, oh, I can only use this to sort of
So yeah, it's like very, very easy to work with works across a bunch of different things and it works like. This is not only for. Like. So like databases like Postgres and whatnot like you might think of them as like, oh, I can only use this to sort of Like work with data in production for an application, but SQL is also like use the ton in like data warehouses and all that stuff. So like learning it as a language is actually very useful. I will tell you when I was at courier as well, we
Like work with data in production for an application, but SQL is also like use the ton in like data warehouses and all that stuff. So like learning it as a language is actually very useful. I will tell you when I was at courier as well, we Like had to go and figure out like what users were using a specific feature we just built until we would go and use SQL to query data in our data warehouse that came from like no SQL database. Which is fun
Like had to go and figure out like what users were using a specific feature we just built until we would go and use SQL to query data in our data warehouse that came from like no SQL database. Which is fun Which is fun. So you'll like pipe it in transform into something that can be stored in a relational database system and then use SQL to query it. That is how good of a sort of language it is to work with data. Very cool. And just to take a pause really quick. I don't know what this is yet
Which is fun. So you'll like pipe it in transform into something that can be stored in a relational database system and then use SQL to query it. That is how good of a sort of language it is to work with data. Very cool. And just to take a pause really quick. I don't know what this is yet But right now, Christian will be on later on to talk about it and I'm very, very excited. And I have a feeling that Christian may not know this, but that he'll need to be on the show more often to talk about this kind of stuff. But we'll see. That's very cool
But right now, Christian will be on later on to talk about it and I'm very, very excited. And I have a feeling that Christian may not know this, but that he'll need to be on the show more often to talk about this kind of stuff. But we'll see. That's very cool That's very cool. And thank you for explaining this as well, because when learner said that it's very English like I didn't quite know what that meant
That's very cool. And thank you for explaining this as well, because when learner said that it's very English like I didn't quite know what that meant Especially because even earlier today, I was talking to someone from the women and postgres team and she was talking about how it's hard for a lot of engineers to learn a sequel postgres or my sequel or any of them because they are not a not as much like a computer language as they are like a spoken language
Especially because even earlier today, I was talking to someone from the women and postgres team and she was talking about how it's hard for a lot of engineers to learn a sequel postgres or my sequel or any of them because they are not a not as much like a computer language as they are like a spoken language Yes. Yeah. Yeah. That's and it's super English is a very funny language. So it's like having an on. Yeah. It definitely is a lot more of a spoken language. I have my face a little too because I have a hat, a postgres hat that is somewhere in my stuff that I haven't unpacked yet
Yes. Yeah. Yeah. That's and it's super English is a very funny language. So it's like having an on. Yeah. It definitely is a lot more of a spoken language. I have my face a little too because I have a hat, a postgres hat that is somewhere in my stuff that I haven't unpacked yet And I'm pretty sure I got it from potentially the person you talked to. I forget her name as well, which really, really sucks. But yeah, thank you for that hat. She somehow ever sees this
And I'm pretty sure I got it from potentially the person you talked to. I forget her name as well, which really, really sucks. But yeah, thank you for that hat. She somehow ever sees this I will tell her I'll be like, hey, look, I'm learning, I'm learning because I'm going to apply for postgres your postgrep conference Europe to see and I'm like really excited because I don't know these texts. Yeah
I will tell her I'll be like, hey, look, I'm learning, I'm learning because I'm going to apply for postgres your postgrep conference Europe to see and I'm like really excited because I don't know these texts. Yeah Yeah. And that's something that I heard a lot of people do is apply for conferences about tech they want to learn. Yeah. I'm like
Yeah. And that's something that I heard a lot of people do is apply for conferences about tech they want to learn. Yeah. I'm like Yeah. I'm like. One thing to is yeah, one thing to syntax or I guess the syntax of seagull that what I was doing some review, I thought is like a good way to explain is like generally your SQL commands will follow like what you want to do. So like select update delete insert
Yeah. I'm like. One thing to is yeah, one thing to syntax or I guess the syntax of seagull that what I was doing some review, I thought is like a good way to explain is like generally your SQL commands will follow like what you want to do. So like select update delete insert And then sort of like on what piece of data. So from like what table. And then it'll go to like limited by what. So it'll be like I want to update these rows that match this specific requirement
And then sort of like on what piece of data. So from like what table. And then it'll go to like limited by what. So it'll be like I want to update these rows that match this specific requirement And then if you're like selecting rows, if you're getting a bunch of rows, it will also have the option of like, how do you want to organize them? So do you want to group rows by the specific ID? Do you want to sort of order rows by a specific thing
And then if you're like selecting rows, if you're getting a bunch of rows, it will also have the option of like, how do you want to organize them? So do you want to group rows by the specific ID? Do you want to sort of order rows by a specific thing That's like a good way to like sort of think about it
That's like a good way to like sort of think about it So it's like, what do you want to do on what sets of data do you want to do it on? Do you need to limit it by anything? And then how do you want to like if you are getting a rows of data, how do you want to like organize this data? Okay. Here
So it's like, what do you want to do on what sets of data do you want to do it on? Do you need to limit it by anything? And then how do you want to like if you are getting a rows of data, how do you want to like organize this data? Okay. Here Here. Because I, I've done this before in the past where like let's see if it'll come up. I need to start doing it in a different way. So that way, like everybody can edit it. So like you said that there's three parts
Here. Because I, I've done this before in the past where like let's see if it'll come up. I need to start doing it in a different way. So that way, like everybody can edit it. So like you said that there's three parts It helps if I put my pen the right way of there's what do you want to do? Mm hmm. Yeah. Want to do. To do we can finish writing. What data. Is that the second one you said? Yeah. On what data or sort of like where do you want to do it? So like what table basically? Okay
It helps if I put my pen the right way of there's what do you want to do? Mm hmm. Yeah. Want to do. To do we can finish writing. What data. Is that the second one you said? Yeah. On what data or sort of like where do you want to do it? So like what table basically? Okay What table? A, K, A, where? And then what was the third one? I'm so short of memory. Limited by what? Okay. What does that mean one more time? So limited by what meaning? If you run like a SQL command with no limits, it will run on every single row of your table. So there's a very action
What table? A, K, A, where? And then what was the third one? I'm so short of memory. Limited by what? Okay. What does that mean one more time? So limited by what meaning? If you run like a SQL command with no limits, it will run on every single row of your table. So there's a very action Can I share my screen again? Yeah, we're sorry. Okay. So we really need a dummy database, but it's okay. I'll do a lot of table that doesn't know. So if I go. We can go. Okay. So. We have like all of these sort of rows in this sort of table that I have just to do experiments
Can I share my screen again? Yeah, we're sorry. Okay. So we really need a dummy database, but it's okay. I'll do a lot of table that doesn't know. So if I go. We can go. Okay. So. We have like all of these sort of rows in this sort of table that I have just to do experiments So if I say like delete from. So delete is just like your SQL command from this just the sort of the word used to. Why am I having such hard time explaining this? Like delete from word to read. Room. And then you do. No, it's the word
So if I say like delete from. So delete is just like your SQL command from this just the sort of the word used to. Why am I having such hard time explaining this? Like delete from word to read. Room. And then you do. No, it's the word No, it's the word. It's basically like when you're saying from is like you were saying where you're going to do this action. So delete is the command and then for me sort of things saying, okay, I'm going to do this on this piece of data. Is that sense? Hopefully
No, it's the word. It's basically like when you're saying from is like you were saying where you're going to do this action. So delete is the command and then for me sort of things saying, okay, I'm going to do this on this piece of data. Is that sense? Hopefully I'm like, but turning this explanation. No, you're good. You're good. I think this is. I'm also processing on like. If I say select from the next word after from is generally the name of the table that I'm getting things from
I'm like, but turning this explanation. No, you're good. You're good. I think this is. I'm also processing on like. If I say select from the next word after from is generally the name of the table that I'm getting things from What is the star and are the stars always needed? Because I feel like I got very stuck on stars in question marks lately. Yeah. So no, the stars are not needed. The reason why it's there is it's to say that I'm selecting every single column from the table. So I can select specific columns
What is the star and are the stars always needed? Because I feel like I got very stuck on stars in question marks lately. Yeah. So no, the stars are not needed. The reason why it's there is it's to say that I'm selecting every single column from the table. So I can select specific columns I think you do have to specify. What you want. So like you either have to have the star. I believe or you have to specify the column names. So I can say if I just wanted the ideas from this table, I could like run this command and it would give me only the ideas from the table
I think you do have to specify. What you want. So like you either have to have the star. I believe or you have to specify the column names. So I can say if I just wanted the ideas from this table, I could like run this command and it would give me only the ideas from the table And then alpha is the table, right? The table name. So yeah, so select is like, by the way, I write all of these things lowercase, but. Seagull is not. Case sensitive with its commands. So like these two things. These two statements, same statement
And then alpha is the table, right? The table name. So yeah, so select is like, by the way, I write all of these things lowercase, but. Seagull is not. Case sensitive with its commands. So like these two things. These two statements, same statement You might see like SQL written in all caps or you might see written lowercase. I write it in lowercase just because. Yeah, sometimes it's nice to write it up like fully uppercase just to like have
You might see like SQL written in all caps or you might see written lowercase. I write it in lowercase just because. Yeah, sometimes it's nice to write it up like fully uppercase just to like have To sort of like see the statements be a little bit different from the data that you're actually using right. So it's like. Like a really long SQL query like select alpha from where ID is one. And you like this. We're going to go on and on and on
To sort of like see the statements be a little bit different from the data that you're actually using right. So it's like. Like a really long SQL query like select alpha from where ID is one. And you like this. We're going to go on and on and on Sometimes it's nice because then you can see the things like the pieces of data you're actually working with versus like the SQL that you're writing. If that makes sense. Yes. You should add a sit tax highlighter. Okay. Yes
Sometimes it's nice because then you can see the things like the pieces of data you're actually working with versus like the SQL that you're writing. If that makes sense. Yes. You should add a sit tax highlighter. Okay. Yes Okay. Yes. And learner says they prefer to keep keywords in uppercase as they've seen that used in most places, including work. And that I've seen it that way too. I think for myself, I probably will end up. I ended putting them lowercase because
Okay. Yes. And learner says they prefer to keep keywords in uppercase as they've seen that used in most places, including work. And that I've seen it that way too. I think for myself, I probably will end up. I ended putting them lowercase because And until today, it didn't really distinctly stick that it's not the same as a coding language like JavaScript, for example, because you know how JavaScript, you don't always like have to do words are smoosh together. And or have like quotes around them or you know, a bracket. And I'm like
And until today, it didn't really distinctly stick that it's not the same as a coding language like JavaScript, for example, because you know how JavaScript, you don't always like have to do words are smoosh together. And or have like quotes around them or you know, a bracket. And I'm like And I'm like. And to say this is like English, which it is their spaces. It's full words. And I'm like, let's face my head. It's like it's easier that it makes my head hurt more. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So select ID name from is name another column or a row or. Yeah. So. I forget
And I'm like. And to say this is like English, which it is their spaces. It's full words. And I'm like, let's face my head. It's like it's easier that it makes my head hurt more. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So select ID name from is name another column or a row or. Yeah. So. I forget Yeah. So. I forget. So my SQL has a command called describe where you can like describe a specific table. And so this table has four columns. It has a column called ID, column called name, age object. And then it will give you the type of the column. Right. And it will say, okay, like this is in
Yeah. So. I forget. So my SQL has a command called describe where you can like describe a specific table. And so this table has four columns. It has a column called ID, column called name, age object. And then it will give you the type of the column. Right. And it will say, okay, like this is in So it's an integer or number. This is VAR Char, which is a variable amount of characters. So this is like in JavaScript. This would be a string. But you see it has like 50 here. It's limited by 50 characters. So if I were to, if you were to try to add a value into the into a row
So it's an integer or number. This is VAR Char, which is a variable amount of characters. So this is like in JavaScript. This would be a string. But you see it has like 50 here. It's limited by 50 characters. So if I were to, if you were to try to add a value into the into a row Into the name column that was over 50 characters, it would like reject it. And you do this like. Safe space in your database. And then like smaller sets of values are like also easier to search. They're more easily indexable as well. And then Nick just said
Into the name column that was over 50 characters, it would like reject it. And you do this like. Safe space in your database. And then like smaller sets of values are like also easier to search. They're more easily indexable as well. And then Nick just said Are those code points just like JavaScript strings. And learner said not code points by sizes. What are. Does this all make sense to you? Are those code points like in J.S. strings? Oh, not fully. Oh, yeah. Okay. Okay. So what they're saying. No. No
Are those code points just like JavaScript strings. And learner said not code points by sizes. What are. Does this all make sense to you? Are those code points like in J.S. strings? Oh, not fully. Oh, yeah. Okay. Okay. So what they're saying. No. No No. No. This is like, yeah, this is in the number of characters. JavaScript. I don't think is JavaScript is never strict in like what size something should be. Unless it's. No, it's not sure. It's not like, you know, you can make a very long string in JavaScript. And it would just be fine
No. No. This is like, yeah, this is in the number of characters. JavaScript. I don't think is JavaScript is never strict in like what size something should be. Unless it's. No, it's not sure. It's not like, you know, you can make a very long string in JavaScript. And it would just be fine Whereas in here, like you have to define what size everything is. And we're right now we're doing everything in my SQL, right? Yes. And even for Postgres, it's the same way. The data types for Postgres are a little different. I was going to say I think the data type for Postgres is text. Yes
Whereas in here, like you have to define what size everything is. And we're right now we're doing everything in my SQL, right? Yes. And even for Postgres, it's the same way. The data types for Postgres are a little different. I was going to say I think the data type for Postgres is text. Yes Yes. And that's why I was asking. And so I was like, I get it. And I think it's a little different just because I've been doing a lot of my stuff. And like PG admin as my tool to be able to view everything. Oh, for example, an emoji is any mode is one charm of multiple code points. Oh, yeah
Yes. And that's why I was asking. And so I was like, I get it. And I think it's a little different just because I've been doing a lot of my stuff. And like PG admin as my tool to be able to view everything. Oh, for example, an emoji is any mode is one charm of multiple code points. Oh, yeah Oh, yeah. No, this is just in like number of characters. I wonder actually what size it is. No, this is just in like number of characters. I wonder actually what size and emoji would be if I stuck it into a database. But I think emojis are. Forget how these work
Oh, yeah. No, this is just in like number of characters. I wonder actually what size it is. No, this is just in like number of characters. I wonder actually what size and emoji would be if I stuck it into a database. But I think emojis are. Forget how these work But like emojis and special characters are like when they're represented in certain places. End up being like that sort of four character starting with an ampersand. And then the sort of like. Instead of numbers that you have. Representing that special character. Yeah. This is all making sense
But like emojis and special characters are like when they're represented in certain places. End up being like that sort of four character starting with an ampersand. And then the sort of like. Instead of numbers that you have. Representing that special character. Yeah. This is all making sense I hope so. Yeah, yeah. It's also just like a lot of like processing as well. Yeah. In the fact that. And you have this up on another screen. And I just want to call out this is something. And I appreciate you going through this with me is it is pretty easy to Google sequel queries
I hope so. Yeah, yeah. It's also just like a lot of like processing as well. Yeah. In the fact that. And you have this up on another screen. And I just want to call out this is something. And I appreciate you going through this with me is it is pretty easy to Google sequel queries And like what you want to do. But actually understanding what you're typing and what each section is not as easy. Especially when it's like. You mentioned earlier that if you wanted to write like a really long query
And like what you want to do. But actually understanding what you're typing and what each section is not as easy. Especially when it's like. You mentioned earlier that if you wanted to write like a really long query So you're not going to write is a time that you've had to write really long queries and kidney give us an example around that. Yeah. So generally all the queries that I use like in my application are pretty small
So you're not going to write is a time that you've had to write really long queries and kidney give us an example around that. Yeah. So generally all the queries that I use like in my application are pretty small The longest query that I've had to write was that query that I had to write at courier, which. Man, that did a lot of things at least for me because I just had never had to do it before. I wish you could draw this out somehow
The longest query that I've had to write was that query that I had to write at courier, which. Man, that did a lot of things at least for me because I just had never had to do it before. I wish you could draw this out somehow So at courier, we were trying to figure out how many people had used a specific version of a product of the previous products that we were building. So I helped to build a product called preferences at courier. Let's say you can email sent to you and you want to unsubscribe from it
So at courier, we were trying to figure out how many people had used a specific version of a product of the previous products that we were building. So I helped to build a product called preferences at courier. Let's say you can email sent to you and you want to unsubscribe from it Courier handles all the unsubscribing logic handles all the behavior around that. And so we had a few different versions of it. We were launching the news version before preferences. And we wanted to go see how many people have used the previous versions
Courier handles all the unsubscribing logic handles all the behavior around that. And so we had a few different versions of it. We were launching the news version before preferences. And we wanted to go see how many people have used the previous versions So in order to do that because it was in multiple different places, I had to like make a query that went to our users table. And I wonder, yeah, this should be okay to talk about
So in order to do that because it was in multiple different places, I had to like make a query that went to our users table. And I wonder, yeah, this should be okay to talk about I shouldn't get any of all about this went to our users table and then like search for a specific property in the users table. So that property was in JSON
I shouldn't get any of all about this went to our users table and then like search for a specific property in the users table. So that property was in JSON So I had to like take that JSON and break it out and do like snowflake supports searching within JSON objects, I believe, or like filtering within them. So like I had to like go
So I had to like take that JSON and break it out and do like snowflake supports searching within JSON objects, I believe, or like filtering within them. So like I had to like go Like take that piece of JSON, break it out search for a specific property in that piece of JSON, join it with another table. And then I think I had to join it with one more table after that. So doing all of that was a bunch of lines. But once it was done, it was done. Yeah
Like take that piece of JSON, break it out search for a specific property in that piece of JSON, join it with another table. And then I think I had to join it with one more table after that. So doing all of that was a bunch of lines. But once it was done, it was done. Yeah Yeah. What? I think that's a great call out of like, why would somebody put JSON into a database? Because I'm like, isn't JSON kind of like its own database? Kind of. JSON is really just a way of like structuring data. So it's just a bunch of keys and then a bunch of values
Yeah. What? I think that's a great call out of like, why would somebody put JSON into a database? Because I'm like, isn't JSON kind of like its own database? Kind of. JSON is really just a way of like structuring data. So it's just a bunch of keys and then a bunch of values This sort of pattern is mirrored in a lot of databases, right? So like, for example, CloudFlair has something called workers KV. And it's a key value store dynamo is a key value store. So you just have like a piece of sort of something to identify the data and then the actual value of the data
This sort of pattern is mirrored in a lot of databases, right? So like, for example, CloudFlair has something called workers KV. And it's a key value store dynamo is a key value store. So you just have like a piece of sort of something to identify the data and then the actual value of the data Okay. And then JSON is just the specific sort of notation that it uses because it's like human readable and all that fun stuff. Interesting. Okay. Because I was like, it's in. For some reason, I always thought they were pretty similar. Yeah
Okay. And then JSON is just the specific sort of notation that it uses because it's like human readable and all that fun stuff. Interesting. Okay. Because I was like, it's in. For some reason, I always thought they were pretty similar. Yeah Yeah. Or almost like the same thing that I always got very confused on why somebody would want to put it in there. It's similar in terms of like the way that you store things, just different in terms of like what you do with it
Yeah. Or almost like the same thing that I always got very confused on why somebody would want to put it in there. It's similar in terms of like the way that you store things, just different in terms of like what you do with it The reason why we had JSON in our database and there's JSON even in my database. Well, in courier's case, courier was using dynamo DB. And so all of the values were stored in JSON. They don't necessarily have to be stored in JSON
The reason why we had JSON in our database and there's JSON even in my database. Well, in courier's case, courier was using dynamo DB. And so all of the values were stored in JSON. They don't necessarily have to be stored in JSON But we were using JavaScript and it's sort of like a good pairing there. So when we were x, we were taking that data and putting it into snowflake. Snowflake is our data warehouse that I used to like query all of these things. It was just like JSON in a SQL database, which is okay in that aspect
But we were using JavaScript and it's sort of like a good pairing there. So when we were x, we were taking that data and putting it into snowflake. Snowflake is our data warehouse that I used to like query all of these things. It was just like JSON in a SQL database, which is okay in that aspect If you're doing like, if you're using, if you're storing JSON and you're using it for an application, like it's like less good because. SQL databases don't handle JSON very well. It tends to be a lot of data in sort of one place. And you want to split that out to make it
If you're doing like, if you're using, if you're storing JSON and you're using it for an application, like it's like less good because. SQL databases don't handle JSON very well. It tends to be a lot of data in sort of one place. And you want to split that out to make it Like easy to query, but yeah, hopefully that answers your question. It did. It did. And I think that's something that I'm like, okay, cool. Like that is something to start to noodle on and think on because I. We'll see if you sign up for this or not
Like easy to query, but yeah, hopefully that answers your question. It did. It did. And I think that's something that I'm like, okay, cool. Like that is something to start to noodle on and think on because I. We'll see if you sign up for this or not I know I might get one more ali stream out of you, but. To go into more detail because this has helped a lot with like just getting on stuck on some of the. What each of the areas mean because I think it's very difficult to know. Like. For example, the first part is a command
I know I might get one more ali stream out of you, but. To go into more detail because this has helped a lot with like just getting on stuck on some of the. What each of the areas mean because I think it's very difficult to know. Like. For example, the first part is a command I wouldn't have known that to know, oh, I need to Google and figure out what command I need to use. Or, you know, the same with like the abstract is calling out the column name. I might sound a little silly, but. Ilean, allian. E, E, diddy. I'm going to just like try to
I wouldn't have known that to know, oh, I need to Google and figure out what command I need to use. Or, you know, the same with like the abstract is calling out the column name. I might sound a little silly, but. Ilean, allian. E, E, diddy. I'm going to just like try to Come up with so many different names for you until you're on this range. So that way. I actually call you the proper name. Oh, it's gotten bad. Like every single time he joins, I'm always like, your name changed again. I'm not great at names as we talked about in general, but yes, I'm very excited
Come up with so many different names for you until you're on this range. So that way. I actually call you the proper name. Oh, it's gotten bad. Like every single time he joins, I'm always like, your name changed again. I'm not great at names as we talked about in general, but yes, I'm very excited If it helps, I can send you some new dates as well, because I don't know if it shows them all yet, but. All right. We talked a lot about the basics and I know we got to like. The column name kit. Do you have an example where we could be like. Ooh, yay. Some juicy astro three version three content
If it helps, I can send you some new dates as well, because I don't know if it shows them all yet, but. All right. We talked a lot about the basics and I know we got to like. The column name kit. Do you have an example where we could be like. Ooh, yay. Some juicy astro three version three content What. I'll say it like this. If somebody has a blog. And you know, they have like categories or tags or they want to add more information. Sorry, I'm hitting my mic now. What
What. I'll say it like this. If somebody has a blog. And you know, they have like categories or tags or they want to add more information. Sorry, I'm hitting my mic now. What What. Like how would somebody query something like that properly if they like if they want to search specific categories or if they want to. Only do you something from like X date. I feel like that's kind of confusing and putting it into like real. Usage. Yeah. Let me
What. Like how would somebody query something like that properly if they like if they want to search specific categories or if they want to. Only do you something from like X date. I feel like that's kind of confusing and putting it into like real. Usage. Yeah. Let me Yeah. Let me. Let's see if this dummy database has that sort of data. It sort of does. So based on that, it would sort of be like the same process of saying like what like. Okay, sweet. So. What do I explain this? So
Yeah. Let me. Let's see if this dummy database has that sort of data. It sort of does. So based on that, it would sort of be like the same process of saying like what like. Okay, sweet. So. What do I explain this? So If you have like a blog and you want to like get it from categories, it would really depend on like how your database is set up. But like let's say. Let's use sort of this W database as an example because it's here and like let's say you had. You have a bunch of actors
If you have like a blog and you want to like get it from categories, it would really depend on like how your database is set up. But like let's say. Let's use sort of this W database as an example because it's here and like let's say you had. You have a bunch of actors What's a good one that we can show a join off. Okay, okay, here's a good one. You have a bunch of addresses. And let's say you want to get. Every address from a specific city. Right. What you would do is. You would like say, okay, well, I know that all the addresses are stored on one table
What's a good one that we can show a join off. Okay, okay, here's a good one. You have a bunch of addresses. And let's say you want to get. Every address from a specific city. Right. What you would do is. You would like say, okay, well, I know that all the addresses are stored on one table So you would say like select. And then you would sort of figure out what information you need or what columns you need. And specify that if you need all of the columns, you would just sort of have the asterisk
So you would say like select. And then you would sort of figure out what information you need or what columns you need. And specify that if you need all of the columns, you would just sort of have the asterisk And then you would say, where do I want to get this from? I want to get it from the address table. So even though this crew will work, let's just like write it out. Okay, so it's left from address. And then what if I wanted the district column, it would be select district
And then you would say, where do I want to get this from? I want to get it from the address table. So even though this crew will work, let's just like write it out. Okay, so it's left from address. And then what if I wanted the district column, it would be select district Yeah, so if you wanted only the district column, you just say select district. This is correct. There you go from address. And the district column looks like it gives you. Oh, I scrambled all the data here. So it looks silly, but. Usually this would be like some sort of actual district
Yeah, so if you wanted only the district column, you just say select district. This is correct. There you go from address. And the district column looks like it gives you. Oh, I scrambled all the data here. So it looks silly, but. Usually this would be like some sort of actual district Let's say you wanted the actual data. Oh, okay, does that make sense by the way before I like move on to like how you would like find or like join the state. Yeah, because it would be select column. Or like command column table. Is that the way you would say it is command column table? Yeah
Let's say you wanted the actual data. Oh, okay, does that make sense by the way before I like move on to like how you would like find or like join the state. Yeah, because it would be select column. Or like command column table. Is that the way you would say it is command column table? Yeah And then learner said select asterisk from address where city underscore equal ID question mark. Where question mark is your city instead? Yeah. Yeah, so that would be like the sort of full thing that you do if you wanted to get just the
And then learner said select asterisk from address where city underscore equal ID question mark. Where question mark is your city instead? Yeah. Yeah, so that would be like the sort of full thing that you do if you wanted to get just the If you wanted to get it based on just a specific city ID, right? So. The sort of where is is the thing that I said when I said limited to. So this is get all of this data. But only if these conditions are matched. So in this case, we could be city ID is like 300. So if I wanted to show
If you wanted to get it based on just a specific city ID, right? So. The sort of where is is the thing that I said when I said limited to. So this is get all of this data. But only if these conditions are matched. So in this case, we could be city ID is like 300. So if I wanted to show Let's do this for a table that you can actually see. So we need to refresh this page. Cool. So let's say you only wanted to get this first row. And we know that the ID in the first rows one. So you'd say select ID from alpha where ID equals one
Let's do this for a table that you can actually see. So we need to refresh this page. Cool. So let's say you only wanted to get this first row. And we know that the ID in the first rows one. So you'd say select ID from alpha where ID equals one And then I have this weird formatting here where it just like shows one row as a. Different table or a different table format, but it does the same thing right. It just only gets the first row
And then I have this weird formatting here where it just like shows one row as a. Different table or a different table format, but it does the same thing right. It just only gets the first row So let's see, let's say I wanted to get it based on like the user ID you just changed sort of the column here from name to. This. So it would get the same. The same row back. Now you had multiple that I think had the age of like 20. How would you pull them back if they all equal 20
So let's see, let's say I wanted to get it based on like the user ID you just changed sort of the column here from name to. This. So it would get the same. The same row back. Now you had multiple that I think had the age of like 20. How would you pull them back if they all equal 20 You just get all the rows that match that I think there is only. Oh, there's a different ages. Yeah. So yeah, these are all the rows that have an age of 22. And this very junk formatting that I haven't fixed yet. That's totally fine. This is still super helpful
You just get all the rows that match that I think there is only. Oh, there's a different ages. Yeah. So yeah, these are all the rows that have an age of 22. And this very junk formatting that I haven't fixed yet. That's totally fine. This is still super helpful So I could do select from like select all columns from table where. So column is whatever I want to have it show. Yeah. Yeah. So like if you had a post. And you were like, I want to get all the posts with this specific category ID you do like the same thing
So I could do select from like select all columns from table where. So column is whatever I want to have it show. Yeah. Yeah. So like if you had a post. And you were like, I want to get all the posts with this specific category ID you do like the same thing As long as you have the category ID stored in your post table. If you didn't you have to do. You'd have to make sure. There's some piece of data like in the post table. That is also in the categories table so that you can make a query that sort of links the two. If that makes sense
As long as you have the category ID stored in your post table. If you didn't you have to do. You'd have to make sure. There's some piece of data like in the post table. That is also in the categories table so that you can make a query that sort of links the two. If that makes sense Oh, Nick brings up a good point of where is like filter. Yeah, where is like a filter. Yeah. There is. There's actually a. I guess the statement in SQL called like where it sort of. It does. I guess I'm not sure if you call this fuzzy searching, but it is. Yeah, it's
Oh, Nick brings up a good point of where is like filter. Yeah, where is like a filter. Yeah. There is. There's actually a. I guess the statement in SQL called like where it sort of. It does. I guess I'm not sure if you call this fuzzy searching, but it is. Yeah, it's Yeah, it's. SQL will like help you find things that are like other things. I wonder if this would actually work. Where age. Like to. Nope. There are no rows here for that. But yeah, there's actually a statement in SQL called like where you can do. Searching that is like a little bit
Yeah, it's. SQL will like help you find things that are like other things. I wonder if this would actually work. Where age. Like to. Nope. There are no rows here for that. But yeah, there's actually a statement in SQL called like where you can do. Searching that is like a little bit That is not like exact searching if that makes sense. Like is searching with wild parts. Okay. Yeah. It's like an array of conditionals that return true or false in the end. You only get to see results that return true. So you can also like if I wanted to say
That is not like exact searching if that makes sense. Like is searching with wild parts. Okay. Yeah. It's like an array of conditionals that return true or false in the end. You only get to see results that return true. So you can also like if I wanted to say You can do this as well as well where age is not 22. And you get all the rows whose age is not 22. Okay. But yeah, I think that's the right answer. I think that's it. And I think that's it. I'm not sure. But I think I'm not sure if that's the right answer
You can do this as well as well where age is not 22. And you get all the rows whose age is not 22. Okay. But yeah, I think that's the right answer. I think that's it. And I think that's it. I'm not sure. But I think I'm not sure if that's the right answer Um, underscore matches one of any character and. Percentage matches multiple of those. Gotcha. Yeah. I forget all the wild parts for like. I actually have to implement them like today or tomorrow. Um, so. For the like operator. I'm like, okay, this is starting to make sense. I'm getting it
Um, underscore matches one of any character and. Percentage matches multiple of those. Gotcha. Yeah. I forget all the wild parts for like. I actually have to implement them like today or tomorrow. Um, so. For the like operator. I'm like, okay, this is starting to make sense. I'm getting it I'm getting it. And then all of a sudden, nothing makes sense again. Because I'm like, I don't know which part of the query I need a Google to replace. Which part of the query you need Google to replace? Yeah. Like, let's say that I gathered from looking at this query
I'm getting it. And then all of a sudden, nothing makes sense again. Because I'm like, I don't know which part of the query I need a Google to replace. Which part of the query you need Google to replace? Yeah. Like, let's say that I gathered from looking at this query I'm like, you did exclamation point equals 22. And I'm like, oh, if 22 is what's being queried, and it's not showing 22, I can see that that is not 22
I'm like, you did exclamation point equals 22. And I'm like, oh, if 22 is what's being queried, and it's not showing 22, I can see that that is not 22 But off of looking at it, I wouldn't necessarily know, well, what if I needed to do the same thing with a different table or not a different table, but a different column? I wouldn't have known just by looking at it because it's an asterisk. That it's a different, that's the column name
But off of looking at it, I wouldn't necessarily know, well, what if I needed to do the same thing with a different table or not a different table, but a different column? I wouldn't have known just by looking at it because it's an asterisk. That it's a different, that's the column name Yeah, well, this asterisk is just saying you want to return all the columns. So if I only want to do one column and I still want to have all these other conditions, you can still say I want to take name and have a sort of filter on the age. So this still works properly
Yeah, well, this asterisk is just saying you want to return all the columns. So if I only want to do one column and I still want to have all these other conditions, you can still say I want to take name and have a sort of filter on the age. So this still works properly Right, but I wouldn't have known that by looking at it. Gotcha, yeah. There's a lot of, I've noticed there's a lot of JavaScript as well, that is very apparent by looking at it, but it doesn't necessarily make it easy to change or know which parts to change
Right, but I wouldn't have known that by looking at it. Gotcha, yeah. There's a lot of, I've noticed there's a lot of JavaScript as well, that is very apparent by looking at it, but it doesn't necessarily make it easy to change or know which parts to change Because as Roy and, okay, Anthony, who else do I get to name Jacob? Josh, basically lots of people like to yell at me for not reading the documentation. And yesterday I was so excited, I went and I read the documentation and I was getting somewhere and I told Roy, I'm like, I'm lost again
Because as Roy and, okay, Anthony, who else do I get to name Jacob? Josh, basically lots of people like to yell at me for not reading the documentation. And yesterday I was so excited, I went and I read the documentation and I was getting somewhere and I told Roy, I'm like, I'm lost again And he's like, how you sent me the right doc? And I didn't realize that I went and clicked something in the doc to go search it. So I went and understand it. And then I got lost there and then go back to the original one. And I was like, oh, I got lost in the docs. Yeah. Takes talent
And he's like, how you sent me the right doc? And I didn't realize that I went and clicked something in the doc to go search it. So I went and understand it. And then I got lost there and then go back to the original one. And I was like, oh, I got lost in the docs. Yeah. Takes talent Yeah. Takes talent. Just, yeah, I would, there's a, I mean, when I was first learning SQL, this is not, this is maybe your two ago, I figured what resource I used, but there's like, there's a bunch of SQL games that I actually really liked doing
Yeah. Takes talent. Just, yeah, I would, there's a, I mean, when I was first learning SQL, this is not, this is maybe your two ago, I figured what resource I used, but there's like, there's a bunch of SQL games that I actually really liked doing I don't remember where they are and I'll have to find them later. But like, basically, we'll just run you through like, okay, like this is what you need to do in order to like query a bunch of things. And it will just sort of like, it's almost like a typing test for SQL, which is fun
I don't remember where they are and I'll have to find them later. But like, basically, we'll just run you through like, okay, like this is what you need to do in order to like query a bunch of things. And it will just sort of like, it's almost like a typing test for SQL, which is fun Oh, that's cool. Like write the statement and like see if it matches the, the data that you need to get out. Yeah. And, Ilean, yes, writing docs, I, I completely agree. And it's so worthwhile. And I'm so glad it's out there
Oh, that's cool. Like write the statement and like see if it matches the, the data that you need to get out. Yeah. And, Ilean, yes, writing docs, I, I completely agree. And it's so worthwhile. And I'm so glad it's out there What I've learned a lot about myself is docs don't always give, it's not as easy to pick up context or see what else somebody is doing with it
What I've learned a lot about myself is docs don't always give, it's not as easy to pick up context or see what else somebody is doing with it So if I don't understand a word, I have to go search that word and then I get lost trying to get back to the original document of remembering what I was originally doing, which is just, that's me in general
So if I don't understand a word, I have to go search that word and then I get lost trying to get back to the original document of remembering what I was originally doing, which is just, that's me in general But then it's also something that I've learned quite a bit about that I don't know if it's everybody or just like a weird thing I do of, I don't always know the word that I want to search
But then it's also something that I've learned quite a bit about that I don't know if it's everybody or just like a weird thing I do of, I don't always know the word that I want to search So even though the docs are there, I don't know what I'm looking for based on, like I haven't learned that terminology or don't remember that terminology. And again, context can't be written. I feel like it's not possible
So even though the docs are there, I don't know what I'm looking for based on, like I haven't learned that terminology or don't remember that terminology. And again, context can't be written. I feel like it's not possible We're watching somebody's tutorial, you could normally see where they might have gotten something or how they typed it to be able to get to that same spot. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. I am challenging myself to get better at docs. It's there. There's sites like SQL Bolt and Select Star SQL
We're watching somebody's tutorial, you could normally see where they might have gotten something or how they typed it to be able to get to that same spot. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. I am challenging myself to get better at docs. It's there. There's sites like SQL Bolt and Select Star SQL I will check those out. I will definitely check those out. Yep, anything afterwards? What data points you want to include based on conditions? Yeah, that and then like how you want them. Yeah, anything after where is that based on conditions? And then there's commands like order. Ooh, so order
I will check those out. I will definitely check those out. Yep, anything afterwards? What data points you want to include based on conditions? Yeah, that and then like how you want them. Yeah, anything after where is that based on conditions? And then there's commands like order. Ooh, so order Ooh, so order. How does order? What is ordered? Ooh, we're going to challenge my very tired brain. And it's, so order is just like sorting basically. I wonder. I believe it's like order by. And then I should be able to view like ID. And then you also specify how you want them to be sorted
Ooh, so order. How does order? What is ordered? Ooh, we're going to challenge my very tired brain. And it's, so order is just like sorting basically. I wonder. I believe it's like order by. And then I should be able to view like ID. And then you also specify how you want them to be sorted Okay, there you go. Wow. Okay, so this is basically saying, I want to order this by this column and then the direction you want to order them by. So in this case, it's easy for the ID column, right? Because five, like I have IDs one through five for all of my rows
Okay, there you go. Wow. Okay, so this is basically saying, I want to order this by this column and then the direction you want to order them by. So in this case, it's easy for the ID column, right? Because five, like I have IDs one through five for all of my rows And then DSC is short for descending. And so it'll order it from it'll order it to sending, right? And then you can do ASC, which is ascending and a order them by sending
And then DSC is short for descending. And so it'll order it from it'll order it to sending, right? And then you can do ASC, which is ascending and a order them by sending I believe I might be wrong about this, but at least for new merit columns, right? Everything is ordered by ascending by default. But don't call me on that. Okay. I'd actually have to put that up and just double check. But yeah, generally, all of these things are ordered by ascending
I believe I might be wrong about this, but at least for new merit columns, right? Everything is ordered by ascending by default. But don't call me on that. Okay. I'd actually have to put that up and just double check. But yeah, generally, all of these things are ordered by ascending There's also group by. So same thing or similar thing. Group by, you can group by a specific ID. I'll do age in this case. Oh, I need to, there's always another stuff that I need to use group by that I always forget to Google
There's also group by. So same thing or similar thing. Group by, you can group by a specific ID. I'll do age in this case. Oh, I need to, there's always another stuff that I need to use group by that I always forget to Google Yeah, but group by will let you sort of group all of these things together. So you can have like all the 22 ages close together if that makes sense. Hmm. It's how it's how you entered it and by default. Okay. Yeah, that would make more sense. Interesting. Yeah. If you have, if you have an ID
Yeah, but group by will let you sort of group all of these things together. So you can have like all the 22 ages close together if that makes sense. Hmm. It's how it's how you entered it and by default. Okay. Yeah, that would make more sense. Interesting. Yeah. If you have, if you have an ID So, okay, this is, I think the thing that I was trying to explain, but failed. So if you have, I think this table, anytime I insert a row, the ID is will auto increment. So any time I insert a row, I never have to think about what ID I need
So, okay, this is, I think the thing that I was trying to explain, but failed. So if you have, I think this table, anytime I insert a row, the ID is will auto increment. So any time I insert a row, I never have to think about what ID I need It will just like add it to it will just like see what the last ID is. And then the next row will have an increment. There you go. That's pretty cool. I've been using. It's just strappy, which is something new that I've never used, but it's actually pretty cool. It builds the database
It will just like add it to it will just like see what the last ID is. And then the next row will have an increment. There you go. That's pretty cool. I've been using. It's just strappy, which is something new that I've never used, but it's actually pretty cool. It builds the database Content like you visualize it a lot easier. Let me see if I can bring it up. Which is interesting in the fact that it's the first time. seeing more of a visual version of this. Do do do do do do. Let's see. And one of the big reasons that I'm wanting to learn more about queries as well
Content like you visualize it a lot easier. Let me see if I can bring it up. Which is interesting in the fact that it's the first time. seeing more of a visual version of this. Do do do do do do. Let's see. And one of the big reasons that I'm wanting to learn more about queries as well A, I'm also doing it for work and making videos for it. I'm like, I should probably actually understand them. Um, hi. I don't know why I just like totally spaced, but I was like, am I doing NPM or NBX? And I've always done NPM
A, I'm also doing it for work and making videos for it. I'm like, I should probably actually understand them. Um, hi. I don't know why I just like totally spaced, but I was like, am I doing NPM or NBX? And I've always done NPM So for some reason, I don't know why suddenly it was like, let's do NBX. Do do do do. Oh, why did you just, okay. Whatever. There we go. So it's pretty cool because like, you can build your content types and it creates your database for you
So for some reason, I don't know why suddenly it was like, let's do NBX. Do do do do. Oh, why did you just, okay. Whatever. There we go. So it's pretty cool because like, you can build your content types and it creates your database for you And like you can, um, connect it to like Postgres or anything, but then as I'm creating things like I can create the category the description and see all of my content in here, where, and being able to do this as like a very simple way of doing things
And like you can, um, connect it to like Postgres or anything, but then as I'm creating things like I can create the category the description and see all of my content in here, where, and being able to do this as like a very simple way of doing things I was like, this is really easy to, uh, you know, go back into where having to remember to insert something and remembering all the things I need to insert to check all the boxes is really difficult. Yeah
I was like, this is really easy to, uh, you know, go back into where having to remember to insert something and remembering all the things I need to insert to check all the boxes is really difficult. Yeah Yeah. Yeah, I have, yeah, it's, even for me, it's, it's not necessarily like, like in dude and SQL, but it's also just nice to have like a UI that's there that also just tells you all the things. Like, yeah, okay, this is like, it's, um, it's dummy proof. So I like, yes
Yeah. Yeah, I have, yeah, it's, even for me, it's, it's not necessarily like, like in dude and SQL, but it's also just nice to have like a UI that's there that also just tells you all the things. Like, yeah, okay, this is like, it's, um, it's dummy proof. So I like, yes So I like, yes. Like it's like, yeah, it's very dummy proof. I like things where it's like the amount that I have to think about how to do things is very low. Um, yeah. And the more I have to think about it, the like, it's fine. I can do it, but I'm also just like, I'd like to not think. Yeah
So I like, yes. Like it's like, yeah, it's very dummy proof. I like things where it's like the amount that I have to think about how to do things is very low. Um, yeah. And the more I have to think about it, the like, it's fine. I can do it, but I'm also just like, I'd like to not think. Yeah Yeah. And I think a big part of it is also just what a visual learner as well. Like that is our learning types all together. Um, and this is something that's very a very visual goodness. We'll go with. Yeah. Well, awesome. This has answered all of my questions that I had today
Yeah. And I think a big part of it is also just what a visual learner as well. Like that is our learning types all together. Um, and this is something that's very a very visual goodness. We'll go with. Yeah. Well, awesome. This has answered all of my questions that I had today Was there anything that you wanted to go over before we wrap up? Hmm. I don't think so. This is a very good exercise for me to like review what stuff. I always have like, I spent some time yesterday sort of like thinking about like what, um, what I wanted to sort of like teach
Was there anything that you wanted to go over before we wrap up? Hmm. I don't think so. This is a very good exercise for me to like review what stuff. I always have like, I spent some time yesterday sort of like thinking about like what, um, what I wanted to sort of like teach And I always had like, have a hard time like getting the knowledge, because I, I never know what I don't know. So this is like very good review to do. Okay. Like this is, these are all the things that I don't know. So, um, and then learner, there's, um, there's a bunch
And I always had like, have a hard time like getting the knowledge, because I, I never know what I don't know. So this is like very good review to do. Okay. Like this is, these are all the things that I don't know. So, um, and then learner, there's, um, there's a bunch I know SuperBase has, uh, in terms of tools that can like let you diagram out how your DB works. SuperBase has them now. Uh, I also have one, but it is very jank. Um, and I'm working on like making it look a lot better. It uses your Prisma schema to do it
I know SuperBase has, uh, in terms of tools that can like let you diagram out how your DB works. SuperBase has them now. Uh, I also have one, but it is very jank. Um, and I'm working on like making it look a lot better. It uses your Prisma schema to do it There's like, yeah, there's a bunch of tools that do them. I know there's one for Prisma as well. Uh, that doesn't. So yeah, like being like, uh, Christian's going to be back. Yeah. Yes. I will, I will be back at some point. Yeah. Yeah. Well, awesome
There's like, yeah, there's a bunch of tools that do them. I know there's one for Prisma as well. Uh, that doesn't. So yeah, like being like, uh, Christian's going to be back. Yeah. Yes. I will, I will be back at some point. Yeah. Yeah. Well, awesome Well, awesome. Thank you so much again today and let me figure out who we will, you know, raid you guys too. So thank you all. Josh, Josh's life. Bam. Sweet.
Well, awesome. Thank you so much again today and let me figure out who we will, you know, raid you guys too. So thank you all. Josh, Josh's life. Bam. Sweet.