I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side
I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side
I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side
I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side
I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side
I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side
I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side
I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. It hated by itself. It's the first time using it
I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. It hated by itself. It's the first time using it I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side
I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side. I'm going to use the same method as the other side I'm going to use the same method as the other side. Once you had a coolDevGov and you were able to give that a feel, The Feast Now because it's so low it doesn't make sense to you. Now because it's so low it messes you
I'm going to use the same method as the other side. Once you had a coolDevGov and you were able to give that a feel, The Feast Now because it's so low it doesn't make sense to you. Now because it's so low it messes you Now, I didn't tell you this, but can you tell us a joke on the spot now? Oh, that's like the thing that everybody says to do. I can tell you a joke. Oh, yes, tell me a joke, and I'll tell you a joke. Okay. What's the difference between a horny toad and a regular toad? Horny? One goes rivet-rivet
Now, I didn't tell you this, but can you tell us a joke on the spot now? Oh, that's like the thing that everybody says to do. I can tell you a joke. Oh, yes, tell me a joke, and I'll tell you a joke. Okay. What's the difference between a horny toad and a regular toad? Horny? One goes rivet-rivet One goes rubet-rivet. I love that. That was great. Guess who taught me that one though? Who? My partner's grandma. I, that makes it even better, even better. Yeah, let's see. We'll, we'll tell you a little joke
One goes rubet-rivet. I love that. That was great. Guess who taught me that one though? Who? My partner's grandma. I, that makes it even better, even better. Yeah, let's see. We'll, we'll tell you a little joke So been married three years, and it's, you know, you're at the point, and you're like wondering if your marriage is going to get stale. I'm going to take a page out of the very hit movie, Human Centipede. And in that, you have to be careful what happens when you go from mouth to ass. Ew. And funny
So been married three years, and it's, you know, you're at the point, and you're like wondering if your marriage is going to get stale. I'm going to take a page out of the very hit movie, Human Centipede. And in that, you have to be careful what happens when you go from mouth to ass. Ew. And funny Ew. And funny. I like how we're both in the gutter with the dirty sex jokes today. Yes, yes, apparently we're like, you know, not, not going to be normal. We'll just like go with dirty jokes. It's good. It's good. Yeah
Ew. And funny. I like how we're both in the gutter with the dirty sex jokes today. Yes, yes, apparently we're like, you know, not, not going to be normal. We'll just like go with dirty jokes. It's good. It's good. Yeah Yeah. Why would we want to do that when we can just not, you know? Is it makes tech Tuesday way better? And talking about tech Tuesday, we're kind of like taking a break from tech, but not because we're doing all the boring shit behind the scenes that we have to do because I have a giant to list
Yeah. Why would we want to do that when we can just not, you know? Is it makes tech Tuesday way better? And talking about tech Tuesday, we're kind of like taking a break from tech, but not because we're doing all the boring shit behind the scenes that we have to do because I have a giant to list And my brain was very stuck on the giant to do list compared to actually getting anything done, like being able to learn. I don't know if that happens to anybody else, but I was like, I have this deadline. I got to get it done. Yeah. Yeah. And that's how we got here. So thank you
And my brain was very stuck on the giant to do list compared to actually getting anything done, like being able to learn. I don't know if that happens to anybody else, but I was like, I have this deadline. I got to get it done. Yeah. Yeah. And that's how we got here. So thank you So thank you. And you had fancy dancing paper that you were going to write down or to do to do this. Yes. I was going to write down this like very fancy list. Also, I have a dumb question. Is it just me or am I in the wrong chat window? I can see some things. I see exxia on the right stream
So thank you. And you had fancy dancing paper that you were going to write down or to do to do this. Yes. I was going to write down this like very fancy list. Also, I have a dumb question. Is it just me or am I in the wrong chat window? I can see some things. I see exxia on the right stream Am I the right stream? Am I the right stream? I mean, I'm looking for are the comments. I can see them. I can see them in the picture. Okay, but maybe it's just me. Oh, weird. I can't see them in the tuitions. Wow. Maybe it's just me being special today. Again, we're just going to
Am I the right stream? Am I the right stream? I mean, I'm looking for are the comments. I can see them. I can see them in the picture. Okay, but maybe it's just me. Oh, weird. I can't see them in the tuitions. Wow. Maybe it's just me being special today. Again, we're just going to Well, we'll do this. Here's the link. And everybody, please go tell their friends, you know, and link them to come hang out with us. We're going to get some shit done. Yeah. And we want to hang out with people while we do it because it'll be much more music
Well, we'll do this. Here's the link. And everybody, please go tell their friends, you know, and link them to come hang out with us. We're going to get some shit done. Yeah. And we want to hang out with people while we do it because it'll be much more music So tell them to go to the Twitch channel and come hang out. So we tell them. We tell them. Yeah, I did. I did post this in the discord. So come hang out and don't be a stranger. And it'll be really fun. And that's what we're doing
So tell them to go to the Twitch channel and come hang out. So we tell them. We tell them. Yeah, I did. I did post this in the discord. So come hang out and don't be a stranger. And it'll be really fun. And that's what we're doing But yeah, we were going to write down a list of shit that we were going to get done. I have a really cool note. Had that says, but first anti depressants because. Same. It's actually probably first at all, but that's. More accurate in my world. Otherwise, you don't get a thing
But yeah, we were going to write down a list of shit that we were going to get done. I have a really cool note. Had that says, but first anti depressants because. Same. It's actually probably first at all, but that's. More accurate in my world. Otherwise, you don't get a thing But first up on my list is I need to. There's some broken links on my website. So fix broken links. Links on website. And then sit email. I've been procrastinating. That's another one. Oh, yeah. I've been. It's procrastinating. Pro procrastinating. I'm putting this on the notepad in official
But first up on my list is I need to. There's some broken links on my website. So fix broken links. Links on website. And then sit email. I've been procrastinating. That's another one. Oh, yeah. I've been. It's procrastinating. Pro procrastinating. I'm putting this on the notepad in official So if you see that. If you want to check that out, that is legit. What I wrote on. On box two of things you're going to do very very on theme for our stream today. I'm loving it. Very on theme. The other one is. So broken links. Send the email. I've been procrastinating
So if you see that. If you want to check that out, that is legit. What I wrote on. On box two of things you're going to do very very on theme for our stream today. I'm loving it. Very on theme. The other one is. So broken links. Send the email. I've been procrastinating I'm also going to because I'm looking for a job. This is when you put the. I need to. Apply to a job. So there's two jobs that I haven't finished the application for because. Y'all, this is the hard part. So. And. Complete one is someone for me. The link to a job opening at Google
I'm also going to because I'm looking for a job. This is when you put the. I need to. Apply to a job. So there's two jobs that I haven't finished the application for because. Y'all, this is the hard part. So. And. Complete one is someone for me. The link to a job opening at Google So it's a Google. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. Yeah. That would be a. Yeah. That would be a. That would be a. I'm kind of terrified to be honest. I like just never thought I was that type of person to be doing. And that. And then one is
So it's a Google. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. Yeah. That would be a. Yeah. That would be a. That would be a. I'm kind of terrified to be honest. I like just never thought I was that type of person to be doing. And that. And then one is And then one is. I need to look at the name of the company. Someone sent it to me. Yo. Mention all the roles you're going after. Okay. So I just got rejected from a role. Literally five minutes before the stream. So guess I'm not going there. Fine. So. We talked about notebooks
And then one is. I need to look at the name of the company. Someone sent it to me. Yo. Mention all the roles you're going after. Okay. So I just got rejected from a role. Literally five minutes before the stream. So guess I'm not going there. Fine. So. We talked about notebooks Type of roles I am looking for. Um. Roads and like developer advocacy. Uh, developer experience engineer. Developer relations. Community open source. That type of. Area. Education programs is like another part that I've done stuff in. But I have again in this other notebook
Type of roles I am looking for. Um. Roads and like developer advocacy. Uh, developer experience engineer. Developer relations. Community open source. That type of. Area. Education programs is like another part that I've done stuff in. But I have again in this other notebook A list of all the companies I've applied to. And yes, all I see roles. Um, ex get. So. Yeah, all I see is where I'd like to be. Like a senior level I see. That's where I'd like to be. Is in that senior level role. Well, they're all mentioned. Yeah, are definitely more I see type roles
A list of all the companies I've applied to. And yes, all I see roles. Um, ex get. So. Yeah, all I see is where I'd like to be. Like a senior level I see. That's where I'd like to be. Is in that senior level role. Well, they're all mentioned. Yeah, are definitely more I see type roles And for those. I'm pretty sure everybody here probably knows it. When I first started doggo people, they said I see it. I'm like, I see what. What do you see? Yeah, no. What do you see? Individual contributor. Uh, it's what because that is the fun part of tech is all of the Ling go
And for those. I'm pretty sure everybody here probably knows it. When I first started doggo people, they said I see it. I'm like, I see what. What do you see? Yeah, no. What do you see? Individual contributor. Uh, it's what because that is the fun part of tech is all of the Ling go There's so much of it. It's so. So. How many notebooks are you using right now? This is my stack. Nice. I got. I got. I. What is my. I have. Uh. So yeah, and then I have a book. I can't do this. I was. Oh, and I see individual. I guess like individual contributor to the code base
There's so much of it. It's so. So. How many notebooks are you using right now? This is my stack. Nice. I got. I got. I. What is my. I have. Uh. So yeah, and then I have a book. I can't do this. I was. Oh, and I see individual. I guess like individual contributor to the code base Um, so when I think of individual contributor, I think of like someone who doesn't manage people. Yeah. That's like, yeah, like that's like the term that I think is like. I'm not managing people. I'm not a people manager. But yeah. Yeah. I'm not. I don't know if I've gotten it wrong. I've got
Um, so when I think of individual contributor, I think of like someone who doesn't manage people. Yeah. That's like, yeah, like that's like the term that I think is like. I'm not managing people. I'm not a people manager. But yeah. Yeah. I'm not. I don't know if I've gotten it wrong. I've got I've got. So I don't know if I've gotten it wrong. But I've got. The name says yeah. Yeah. But I can see that. This is a book on a tension. I started reading it and then I lost attention. There's a joke there. Oh, please. Ask. Please ask chat GBT about about it? So we actually know
I've got. So I don't know if I've gotten it wrong. But I've got. The name says yeah. Yeah. But I can see that. This is a book on a tension. I started reading it and then I lost attention. There's a joke there. Oh, please. Ask. Please ask chat GBT about about it? So we actually know It's not going to be, you know, a hundred percent accurate, I'm not sure if you're asking them, but I use your one. I hated it with a passion. Really? Okay. I like the pen and paper. That's like my thing. So my iPad has a cover that feels like paper. And wherever I just threw it, I have a pen
It's not going to be, you know, a hundred percent accurate, I'm not sure if you're asking them, but I use your one. I hated it with a passion. Really? Okay. I like the pen and paper. That's like my thing. So my iPad has a cover that feels like paper. And wherever I just threw it, I have a pen It's literally pen and paper. Well, it feels like pen and paper. I have a notebook that says it has my stickers on it. It says hard work. It's talent. And then it has a Python notebook that says final, final, untitled, which is great
It's literally pen and paper. Well, it feels like pen and paper. I have a notebook that says it has my stickers on it. It says hard work. It's talent. And then it has a Python notebook that says final, final, untitled, which is great And then I have this one that has my political stickers on the back. And so, and sorry, I got brainwisels and open sources. So yeah, it has all the other stuff on it
And then I have this one that has my political stickers on the back. And so, and sorry, I got brainwisels and open sources. So yeah, it has all the other stuff on it And then I have this sticker that I got this weekend in an art market, which I think is very on-brand, but I haven't decided where I'm putting it, because that's a commitment, man. I feel like that one's even big enough to put on a car. Yeah. But that's a big commitment. That's not really a thing
And then I have this sticker that I got this weekend in an art market, which I think is very on-brand, but I haven't decided where I'm putting it, because that's a commitment, man. I feel like that one's even big enough to put on a car. Yeah. But that's a big commitment. That's not really a thing I don't have a car. So it's like, also, I have a 10 fish girl. I also got there because I love Sardines. I have a lot of things to do. I'm not going to put it in the food. I have a lot of stuff on it. But any new spam? Yeah. I don't, I keep walking by it in the store and I've never had it
I don't have a car. So it's like, also, I have a 10 fish girl. I also got there because I love Sardines. I have a lot of things to do. I'm not going to put it in the food. I have a lot of stuff on it. But any new spam? Yeah. I don't, I keep walking by it in the store and I've never had it And I don't know how, I should look how you cook it, because I've had like a spam movie soupie. What a wui. It's like a Hawaiian dish. It's like a fried spam and then rice and seaweed on it. Oh, that sounds delicious. Okay. Okay
And I don't know how, I should look how you cook it, because I've had like a spam movie soupie. What a wui. It's like a Hawaiian dish. It's like a fried spam and then rice and seaweed on it. Oh, that sounds delicious. Okay. Okay Okay. Okay. Is there anything else you need to add to your to do list? So Google, so I figured out what this other company is job up. Oh, and then I need to reach out to, I have a comedy show if you're listening and you're in the New York area, hitting you up. Do it
Okay. Okay. Is there anything else you need to add to your to do list? So Google, so I figured out what this other company is job up. Oh, and then I need to reach out to, I have a comedy show if you're listening and you're in the New York area, hitting you up. Do it Do it. Your partnerships for my comedy show. Oh, and then I have to post about my open mic tonight. And you don't have to live there to no connections there to connect with. Yeah. If you know people in the New York area, or if you know people that are hiring remote people, hit me up
Do it. Your partnerships for my comedy show. Oh, and then I have to post about my open mic tonight. And you don't have to live there to no connections there to connect with. Yeah. If you know people in the New York area, or if you know people that are hiring remote people, hit me up I like to think that I'm pretty cool. Hey, Jen, what are you going to get done in this next hour? And then we decided we were going to dance every time that we get something done. Yes. Every time we get something done, we're going to dance. And I am
I like to think that I'm pretty cool. Hey, Jen, what are you going to get done in this next hour? And then we decided we were going to dance every time that we get something done. Yes. Every time we get something done, we're going to dance. And I am And I am. This is a big reason why I like the iPad is because it looks like paper. But then I can do. Yes. I need to do my talk. Dick. For. TypeScript. I think we're going to jump in. Congress. Maybe. It's a really long, long long to do. And then that's what I need to do
And I am. This is a big reason why I like the iPad is because it looks like paper. But then I can do. Yes. I need to do my talk. Dick. For. TypeScript. I think we're going to jump in. Congress. Maybe. It's a really long, long long to do. And then that's what I need to do I need a figure on my API calls. Technically, API sorting. But there's words and things. It says words. And my mentor and learning all of this keeps giving me hints that I'm like, dude, it's not clicking. And I'm also not able to always like work on it very long
I need a figure on my API calls. Technically, API sorting. But there's words and things. It says words. And my mentor and learning all of this keeps giving me hints that I'm like, dude, it's not clicking. And I'm also not able to always like work on it very long So I keep like forgetting to go back to it. It doesn't help. And then I also need to work on what is that called? Oh, production notes for notes for teaching tech. And there's a thing I need to do. Oh, I guess organization. And figure out the podcast stuff. Shit, you don't want to talk about
So I keep like forgetting to go back to it. It doesn't help. And then I also need to work on what is that called? Oh, production notes for notes for teaching tech. And there's a thing I need to do. Oh, I guess organization. And figure out the podcast stuff. Shit, you don't want to talk about Does it need to be relaunched? And it's not going to get there if I don't come up with strategy for it. There is my to do list. Yay. Wow. I have a podcast called shit you don't want to talk about. It's fun. It's pretty cool. It's pretty cool. I don't know
Does it need to be relaunched? And it's not going to get there if I don't come up with strategy for it. There is my to do list. Yay. Wow. I have a podcast called shit you don't want to talk about. It's fun. It's pretty cool. It's pretty cool. I don't know I don't know. Y'all, this is how long it's been since I've looked at it. I'm like, I don't even know if a link tree is still alive. Oh, it is. It has some fun colors. So go and enjoy that link tree. In three. Yeah. We'll do it this way. We'll go. Like, look at that. That is some
I don't know. Y'all, this is how long it's been since I've looked at it. I'm like, I don't even know if a link tree is still alive. Oh, it is. It has some fun colors. So go and enjoy that link tree. In three. Yeah. We'll do it this way. We'll go. Like, look at that. That is some That is some. It's a rough color. Yeah. But I think if it's still linked. Oh, it does. It shows you all of the episodes, but you can go listen to them on other things. Which I think is a cool feature. And yeah, I don't know if the website still works
That is some. It's a rough color. Yeah. But I think if it's still linked. Oh, it does. It shows you all of the episodes, but you can go listen to them on other things. Which I think is a cool feature. And yeah, I don't know if the website still works Oh, hey, it's the old website that I'm working on rebuilding. And oh, it does show all the episodes. And did this one? Oh, God. It's been eight months since I've come out with an episode. It's cool. I think you've been employed for eight months, though. That's, I know that that's true
Oh, hey, it's the old website that I'm working on rebuilding. And oh, it does show all the episodes. And did this one? Oh, God. It's been eight months since I've come out with an episode. It's cool. I think you've been employed for eight months, though. That's, I know that that's true But I was also really struggling with launching Teach Gen Tech because I'm like, how do you keep up with a live stream and the podcast? And then I was like, that's then I got a job and keeping up with a live stream. I'm learning. It'll get there. It'll be good. Yeah. I did the same thing
But I was also really struggling with launching Teach Gen Tech because I'm like, how do you keep up with a live stream and the podcast? And then I was like, that's then I got a job and keeping up with a live stream. I'm learning. It'll get there. It'll be good. Yeah. I did the same thing I was like, I was doing so good at writing on my blog and then I got a job. It's crazy how that happens. And now I'm like, shit. I gotta do this again. So yeah, that's where I'm at. I love your idea. How do I hate trying to say people's names? That's really bad
I was like, I was doing so good at writing on my blog and then I got a job. It's crazy how that happens. And now I'm like, shit. I gotta do this again. So yeah, that's where I'm at. I love your idea. How do I hate trying to say people's names? That's really bad I'm just really bad at names, but ex, gig, ex-git, ex-t, ex-cool friend. I like your idea about the live stream, the podcast, but it's very sensitive topics that live streaming while somebody is explaining a really tough time or a really tough conversation is getting put more pressure on someone
I'm just really bad at names, but ex, gig, ex-git, ex-t, ex-cool friend. I like your idea about the live stream, the podcast, but it's very sensitive topics that live streaming while somebody is explaining a really tough time or a really tough conversation is getting put more pressure on someone So that's why I beg reason that I don't live stream them. Although I have figured out that I could record them in stream yard and save part of the process because then it would have this lovely background without having to worry about it and record the video. And then I can export it as audio
So that's why I beg reason that I don't live stream them. Although I have figured out that I could record them in stream yard and save part of the process because then it would have this lovely background without having to worry about it and record the video. And then I can export it as audio So I might save some processes there. And Erin, do you want to share your screen while you're working or I can share my screen? Yeah, I can share my screen. I'm just doing some broken links. You can fix some links on my wheat. You guys can see the hell which is the back end of my go site
So I might save some processes there. And Erin, do you want to share your screen while you're working or I can share my screen? Yeah, I can share my screen. I'm just doing some broken links. You can fix some links on my wheat. You guys can see the hell which is the back end of my go site And what I'm doing. Can you guys see that okay or do we need to ask? I can zoom in. Zoom, zoom, zoom. I zoomed in in the wrong tab. Oh, I keep doing that too. So yeah, I need to go to this press and you should do my menu. So I'm just going to fix some broken links
And what I'm doing. Can you guys see that okay or do we need to ask? I can zoom in. Zoom, zoom, zoom. I zoomed in in the wrong tab. Oh, I keep doing that too. So yeah, I need to go to this press and you should do my menu. So I'm just going to fix some broken links So if you want to turn on some gems or if anybody has any cool, cool things they want to say. Yeah. Tell us all the cool things. What are you guys up to? Y'all doing anything fun? I will say that's like one of the hardest terms to get used to is not saying dies because it's so good
So if you want to turn on some gems or if anybody has any cool, cool things they want to say. Yeah. Tell us all the cool things. What are you guys up to? Y'all doing anything fun? I will say that's like one of the hardest terms to get used to is not saying dies because it's so good Oh, I struck that's something that I really will admit I struggle with. It's really hard because I do like that there's terminology is becoming a lot more. You know, open and I'm like, guys, this is the one I get stuck on. So I say y'all a lot too
Oh, I struck that's something that I really will admit I struggle with. It's really hard because I do like that there's terminology is becoming a lot more. You know, open and I'm like, guys, this is the one I get stuck on. So I say y'all a lot too Yes, what are y'all working on? Because our to do list. Erin, what do you think if they get something done on their to do list, will we do a little dance? Oh, of course. Of course. No dance if you do that
Yes, what are y'all working on? Because our to do list. Erin, what do you think if they get something done on their to do list, will we do a little dance? Oh, of course. Of course. No dance if you do that So please dance stream, holler, what's up? I'm working on this page right here and one thing that would be really helpful if you're listening in is yeah, tell me some feedback that you'd want to see on this page. This is my four higher page. It's I realize I share the wrong window
So please dance stream, holler, what's up? I'm working on this page right here and one thing that would be really helpful if you're listening in is yeah, tell me some feedback that you'd want to see on this page. This is my four higher page. It's I realize I share the wrong window So I shared it so it doesn't change tatties. I'm actually going to do some quick window swapping window hot swapping here. You guys can see the full Erin brain, which is this is a scary scary thought. But I even have if you do know Mia more
So I shared it so it doesn't change tatties. I'm actually going to do some quick window swapping window hot swapping here. You guys can see the full Erin brain, which is this is a scary scary thought. But I even have if you do know Mia more They are at communda, but they do this little pomo farm thing. And it's really great. And so I'm just going to share my full desktop. So you can see what my desktop looks like. Also my freaking husband has the. A hummus. We share an office. But he has the
They are at communda, but they do this little pomo farm thing. And it's really great. And so I'm just going to share my full desktop. So you can see what my desktop looks like. Also my freaking husband has the. A hummus. We share an office. But he has the But he has the. The hummus lack the hummus sound on slack and it just went off and I was like. What is this like in here through my headphones. But yeah, I would really appreciate if anybody has any feedback on that page, especially for you folks who are doing that. That'd be really helpful
But he has the. The hummus lack the hummus sound on slack and it just went off and I was like. What is this like in here through my headphones. But yeah, I would really appreciate if anybody has any feedback on that page, especially for you folks who are doing that. That'd be really helpful Trying to figure out feature flags and a B testing framework for work without reinventing the way. Do that is rough. Trying to do stuff without reinventing the wheel when you're like, yeah, this isn't working. Is is rough. That is definitely rough. Truly
Trying to figure out feature flags and a B testing framework for work without reinventing the way. Do that is rough. Trying to do stuff without reinventing the wheel when you're like, yeah, this isn't working. Is is rough. That is definitely rough. Truly Truly. Can we loop tracks? Maybe it will do all the tracks. I hope so. Yeah, we're going to find out if it does all the tracks or. I don't know how loud I need it. I am going to go see if I can get it some more music first though. I'm working on my updating this page. I like what X said
Truly. Can we loop tracks? Maybe it will do all the tracks. I hope so. Yeah, we're going to find out if it does all the tracks or. I don't know how loud I need it. I am going to go see if I can get it some more music first though. I'm working on my updating this page. I like what X said I like what X said. A lot of the frameworks they found for feature flags are also questionable for their scale. Oh, yeah. It's learner! Hi, learner! Look, we move the time of the stream! Hey! I'm the longest songwriter. I'm completely looking off-screen in case anybody is curious
I like what X said. A lot of the frameworks they found for feature flags are also questionable for their scale. Oh, yeah. It's learner! Hi, learner! Look, we move the time of the stream! Hey! I'm the longest songwriter. I'm completely looking off-screen in case anybody is curious I'm checking, trying to like, with a bunch of music on using wave videos. I don't want to track for us. What it meant? I'm ready! I said, Matt, by like, looking fast, and it's rolling. That's funny. Yeah, it's also in Erin. It's a wild Erin. Yeah, it's a wild Erin. I appeared
I'm checking, trying to like, with a bunch of music on using wave videos. I don't want to track for us. What it meant? I'm ready! I said, Matt, by like, looking fast, and it's rolling. That's funny. Yeah, it's also in Erin. It's a wild Erin. Yeah, it's a wild Erin. I appeared I appeared. I've been on Maddie's stream last. Actually, Maddie's the person who taught me about guest stars. So, Maddie, we can't get guest star working with, um, um, stream yard. It has to be with OBS. And I feel very lazy. I don't want to figure that out right before screen. Okay
I appeared. I've been on Maddie's stream last. Actually, Maddie's the person who taught me about guest stars. So, Maddie, we can't get guest star working with, um, um, stream yard. It has to be with OBS. And I feel very lazy. I don't want to figure that out right before screen. Okay Okay. I wonder if this will actually export. Okay. Okay. Okay. Um. I, we are doing our to-do lists at the moment. We both wrote out our to-do lists and. It's right here. Yeah, my, my is on my iPad. And. What is, what's on your to-do list, Erin? You're gonna go first
Okay. I wonder if this will actually export. Okay. Okay. Okay. Um. I, we are doing our to-do lists at the moment. We both wrote out our to-do lists and. It's right here. Yeah, my, my is on my iPad. And. What is, what's on your to-do list, Erin? You're gonna go first My to list is currently I am fixing broken links on my website. And then I had a recruiter that I used to work with. Who gave me some feedback on my four higher page. So it's this page right here. So I am making those updates on website
My to list is currently I am fixing broken links on my website. And then I had a recruiter that I used to work with. Who gave me some feedback on my four higher page. So it's this page right here. So I am making those updates on website And then I'm going to send an email that I've been procrastinating. Um, I have two job apps to do. And then I have to reach out to some partnerships for my comedy show that I host. And then I have to post about my comedy open mic. It's nice
And then I'm going to send an email that I've been procrastinating. Um, I have two job apps to do. And then I have to reach out to some partnerships for my comedy show that I host. And then I have to post about my comedy open mic. It's nice It's nice. So if you're in the Brooklyn area or in your New York City, and you want to see some comedy stuff hit me up. But yeah. And learn. Yeah. And learn. Yeah. And I'm with human feedback. That's my jam. Yes. Yes
It's nice. So if you're in the Brooklyn area or in your New York City, and you want to see some comedy stuff hit me up. But yeah. And learn. Yeah. And learn. Yeah. And I'm with human feedback. That's my jam. Yes. Yes Yes. Yes. And I am working on, well, currently I'm working on seeing if I can use what I use to create the countdown video to create us a soundtrack. So we don't have to listen to the same song and repeat and. And then I have to do it
Yes. Yes. And I am working on, well, currently I'm working on seeing if I can use what I use to create the countdown video to create us a soundtrack. So we don't have to listen to the same song and repeat and. And then I have to do it But my to do list today is to actually do my deck on TypeScript Congress because I have that talk coming up. And I need to get my deck done and record it for speakers corner. Because it like fell through the cracks. So that's what I'm doing. It's very, very exciting. Yeah
But my to do list today is to actually do my deck on TypeScript Congress because I have that talk coming up. And I need to get my deck done and record it for speakers corner. Because it like fell through the cracks. So that's what I'm doing. It's very, very exciting. Yeah Yeah. It's going to be super exciting. I need to find my. I'm going to play the next home because it didn't play for us. Even though it's on loop. Is it not a loop? Oh, maybe I didn't turn it on loop. Let's try this next one. I like that one was really loud. So
Yeah. It's going to be super exciting. I need to find my. I'm going to play the next home because it didn't play for us. Even though it's on loop. Is it not a loop? Oh, maybe I didn't turn it on loop. Let's try this next one. I like that one was really loud. So So. And I saw that I also get to create more of a to do list with a. More to prep for next week and learn on that. I need to have that. To do it's actually. I need. Maddie, what are you up to? Learn what you guys are. And Maddie, just like a random thing, you're going to be on this dream
So. And I saw that I also get to create more of a to do list with a. More to prep for next week and learn on that. I need to have that. To do it's actually. I need. Maddie, what are you up to? Learn what you guys are. And Maddie, just like a random thing, you're going to be on this dream Like I feel like Maddie, you could be on this dream about something that would be really fun. I know you streamed one of your comedy shows. I'm on the stream. I'm on the stream. Do you have the link to that? And do you ever stream other ones? Oh, um, yeah. We did one that is streamed
Like I feel like Maddie, you could be on this dream about something that would be really fun. I know you streamed one of your comedy shows. I'm on the stream. I'm on the stream. Do you have the link to that? And do you ever stream other ones? Oh, um, yeah. We did one that is streamed I can do a real or you can follow me on TikTok, which does get the most recent snippets of it. I'm on TikTok at Aaron McHale underscore. And I'm on TikTok at the end of the day. I'm on TikTok at the end of the day. I'm on TikTok at the end of the day. So I run an AI comedy show called comedy bites
I can do a real or you can follow me on TikTok, which does get the most recent snippets of it. I'm on TikTok at Aaron McHale underscore. And I'm on TikTok at the end of the day. I'm on TikTok at the end of the day. I'm on TikTok at the end of the day. So I run an AI comedy show called comedy bites We do some pretty cool stuff. But one of the cool things that we do is we are going to be potentially taking our show on the road. Which we don't. Yeah. I'm on TikTok. I just posted a TikTok literally, like probably an hour ago. That's it. Yeah. So is about eating tech roast Mars
We do some pretty cool stuff. But one of the cool things that we do is we are going to be potentially taking our show on the road. Which we don't. Yeah. I'm on TikTok. I just posted a TikTok literally, like probably an hour ago. That's it. Yeah. So is about eating tech roast Mars So yeah, it's a I build robots for comedy. No, Maddie. I didn't get laid off. I, um, Aaron's looking for a job and I'm working on doing everything else. I'm supposed to be doing. I also love that it's sensitive late. But we still need to have you on the show
So yeah, it's a I build robots for comedy. No, Maddie. I didn't get laid off. I, um, Aaron's looking for a job and I'm working on doing everything else. I'm supposed to be doing. I also love that it's sensitive late. But we still need to have you on the show Like, I need a that is on my to do list is organizing guests and stuff like that. So maybe. Oh, no. I mean, that's a call. Oh, yeah, this is my, this is my, this is my screen, Maddie. Maybe I should put a banner of like Aaron's screen. So that way
Like, I need a that is on my to do list is organizing guests and stuff like that. So maybe. Oh, no. I mean, that's a call. Oh, yeah, this is my, this is my, this is my screen, Maddie. Maybe I should put a banner of like Aaron's screen. So that way So that way. Aaron's screen just link to my four higher page and be like hire me, please. Let's see. I'd banner. Yeah, I got the link of the page that I'm leaking on. There you go. There's the page. Screen sharing is two words. Aaron. Is screen sharing. I don't know
So that way. Aaron's screen just link to my four higher page and be like hire me, please. Let's see. I'd banner. Yeah, I got the link of the page that I'm leaking on. There you go. There's the page. Screen sharing is two words. Aaron. Is screen sharing. I don't know I don't know. I wish that it like would show us this. But without taking away our names. Oh, yeah, weird. Um. Yes, go hire Aaron. See? There we go. I just leave this comment up. Well, you're doing it. I mean, it still doesn't show our names and stuff, but
I don't know. I wish that it like would show us this. But without taking away our names. Oh, yeah, weird. Um. Yes, go hire Aaron. See? There we go. I just leave this comment up. Well, you're doing it. I mean, it still doesn't show our names and stuff, but Learner, this is a weird question, but like. If you have good enough internet, I feel like. Yeah. You should be able to. Do you have good enough internet? Learner. Oh, plus, I feel like you're the OG of like all of these. That like you have to start going on them. Yeah. Yeah. It's for sure
Learner, this is a weird question, but like. If you have good enough internet, I feel like. Yeah. You should be able to. Do you have good enough internet? Learner. Oh, plus, I feel like you're the OG of like all of these. That like you have to start going on them. Yeah. Yeah. It's for sure It's for sure. I just realized I don't follow you. How do I not follow you back on twitch? I don't want to go to the. I'm asking you to follow me back on it. Let's do this. This is how often I don't do stuff anymore. Apparently. Y'all, okay, can I like? If you don't laugh, you cry. Truly
It's for sure. I just realized I don't follow you. How do I not follow you back on twitch? I don't want to go to the. I'm asking you to follow me back on it. Let's do this. This is how often I don't do stuff anymore. Apparently. Y'all, okay, can I like? If you don't laugh, you cry. Truly Truly. That is a true story. You have to laugh. made up that joke for my stand-up set and I had to tell them no that's 100% what happened to me is I got laid off by being added to a Slack channel titled goodbye. Yeah it's really sad
Truly. That is a true story. You have to laugh. made up that joke for my stand-up set and I had to tell them no that's 100% what happened to me is I got laid off by being added to a Slack channel titled goodbye. Yeah it's really sad But anyhow oh Maddie I love that idea let's do that um because on my list that I'm going to add is like find a time on Wednesdays to stream that doesn't overlap other people's streams. I mean we're just starting a stream on Wednesday
But anyhow oh Maddie I love that idea let's do that um because on my list that I'm going to add is like find a time on Wednesdays to stream that doesn't overlap other people's streams. I mean we're just starting a stream on Wednesday Yeah I'm sorry but mine's every other Wednesday and I mean mine's for work though like yeah so like I still want to like impossible I know it's impossible I moved this stream an hour early because it was overlapping Josh's stream but Josh is the guest on my show once a month so I was like I feel like that would be good to do that
Yeah I'm sorry but mine's every other Wednesday and I mean mine's for work though like yeah so like I still want to like impossible I know it's impossible I moved this stream an hour early because it was overlapping Josh's stream but Josh is the guest on my show once a month so I was like I feel like that would be good to do that Yeah yeah yeah but um my stream is going to be every other Wednesday from like seven to nine Pacific so that's 10 to 12 Eastern and then once I get that one going the long term is to get um I don't know it's it's things and stuff I'm looking I'm honestly uh I do I do have it written down some work just like wait let me find the tweet about it because that will if you guys could retweet and okay we're changing my to the list I do need to tweet this for today and also uh let's see okay adding to my to-do list and then I actually get to get up and dance is post about um Ivan stream tomorrow I am starting the Ivan stream but it's like a soft launch before so I can figure out like the flow of it before we do our official official like high launch next week or in a month eeeeehhhh here we go and it's yeah it's 2pm UTC here Also, Learner, you can do a digital background
Yeah yeah yeah but um my stream is going to be every other Wednesday from like seven to nine Pacific so that's 10 to 12 Eastern and then once I get that one going the long term is to get um I don't know it's it's things and stuff I'm looking I'm honestly uh I do I do have it written down some work just like wait let me find the tweet about it because that will if you guys could retweet and okay we're changing my to the list I do need to tweet this for today and also uh let's see okay adding to my to-do list and then I actually get to get up and dance is post about um Ivan stream tomorrow I am starting the Ivan stream but it's like a soft launch before so I can figure out like the flow of it before we do our official official like high launch next week or in a month eeeeehhhh here we go and it's yeah it's 2pm UTC here Also, Learner, you can do a digital background That's an option. I think I can even do it in StreamYarn. I don't know. What's going to out? I've got bricks. Look, I got a fancy house. I'm in a boozy house. There's the blur. The blur is kind of cool. We'll leave the blur on. It's fun
That's an option. I think I can even do it in StreamYarn. I don't know. What's going to out? I've got bricks. Look, I got a fancy house. I'm in a boozy house. There's the blur. The blur is kind of cool. We'll leave the blur on. It's fun It's fun. Where did I put this? I'm going to do a little bit of the blur. I'm going to do a little bit of the blur. I'm going to do a little bit of the blur. That is my Twitter. That is my Twitter. Thank you Ryan and hi Ryan. We're using StreamYarn stuff because I haven't uploaded new music to it
It's fun. Where did I put this? I'm going to do a little bit of the blur. I'm going to do a little bit of the blur. I'm going to do a little bit of the blur. That is my Twitter. That is my Twitter. Thank you Ryan and hi Ryan. We're using StreamYarn stuff because I haven't uploaded new music to it I'm lazy about switching to OBS and I'm like, I don't want to. It's a lot of work, but it's good. StreamYarn just loops the same one. upload a different ones. Yes, go look at the comedy real. It's like weird to be like it's an older comedy real. Uh, but yeah Wow, wow, uh, Maddie with the snark
I'm lazy about switching to OBS and I'm like, I don't want to. It's a lot of work, but it's good. StreamYarn just loops the same one. upload a different ones. Yes, go look at the comedy real. It's like weird to be like it's an older comedy real. Uh, but yeah Wow, wow, uh, Maddie with the snark It's okay. Maddie. I did download my OBS template So points for me. I just didn't install them yet. So I actually have my I have them set up So I should say that I do actually have OBS set up is just I don't know. I don't like using it
It's okay. Maddie. I did download my OBS template So points for me. I just didn't install them yet. So I actually have my I have them set up So I should say that I do actually have OBS set up is just I don't know. I don't like using it I don't like The fact that whenever I go to record my like offline videos that I could accidentally hit Go live instead of record Oh Oh Ooh, I like these Um, I need to find I know I have a Where are these templates that we can check out Maddie Ooh, that's a good call out Maddie and I know it's something just I need to get used to which I probably will get there It's also now that I'm starting the Ivan one is just gonna be easy to Use the same platform like type of platform There we go
I don't like The fact that whenever I go to record my like offline videos that I could accidentally hit Go live instead of record Oh Oh Ooh, I like these Um, I need to find I know I have a Where are these templates that we can check out Maddie Ooh, that's a good call out Maddie and I know it's something just I need to get used to which I probably will get there It's also now that I'm starting the Ivan one is just gonna be easy to Use the same platform like type of platform There we go That's gonna be my computer I don't know why does this take forever for anybody else like I am just like snail-ing getting Things done today, but hey, that's okay. I get a hangout with everybody Yeah, I've gotten some stuff done
That's gonna be my computer I don't know why does this take forever for anybody else like I am just like snail-ing getting Things done today, but hey, that's okay. I get a hangout with everybody Yeah, I've gotten some stuff done That's good I'm like over here updating some birth and some links I Maddie You finished your day two hours ago and you just like chilling it's chill time just chill time just hanging out with Jen and Erin chill time You Post Let's sandwiches and text rumors. Yes
That's good I'm like over here updating some birth and some links I Maddie You finished your day two hours ago and you just like chilling it's chill time just chill time just hanging out with Jen and Erin chill time You Post Let's sandwiches and text rumors. Yes Yes. What type of sandwiches are you eating, Maddie? Well, we were talking about spam earlier, so you're having ham instead of spam. I was curious if spam was any good. I'm curious because for those of you who are not in the US, oh look, my pomeo farm says I get to farm some cute little things
Yes. What type of sandwiches are you eating, Maddie? Well, we were talking about spam earlier, so you're having ham instead of spam. I was curious if spam was any good. I'm curious because for those of you who are not in the US, oh look, my pomeo farm says I get to farm some cute little things So this is how cute it is. It's like a little game. And then you get a break and it says Aaron do some things. So of course it's now going to freeze on me. And I'm going to water it. Yeah, my full screen. Oh, it's not going to full screen it because it's on a note. No, I can see it
So this is how cute it is. It's like a little game. And then you get a break and it says Aaron do some things. So of course it's now going to freeze on me. And I'm going to water it. Yeah, my full screen. Oh, it's not going to full screen it because it's on a note. No, I can see it No, I can see it. We can, no, we can, we can see it. Oh, Jack, Jack. Uh, Maddie, it's called severe ADHD. So that's, that's what it's called. Why is this how I am to find my life? So yeah, and then you get this little cute guy. Um, I don't know if I killed my flowers
No, I can see it. We can, no, we can, we can see it. Oh, Jack, Jack. Uh, Maddie, it's called severe ADHD. So that's, that's what it's called. Why is this how I am to find my life? So yeah, and then you get this little cute guy. Um, I don't know if I killed my flowers I don't think I have anything to sell, but I'm going to buy some more plants here. I have 25 p's. I'm going to buy this one. I'm carrots and some mushroom. Oh, I don't have enough money for a mushroom. I guess I'm going to buy some more carrots. And then I'm going to plant them
I don't think I have anything to sell, but I'm going to buy some more plants here. I have 25 p's. I'm going to buy this one. I'm carrots and some mushroom. Oh, I don't have enough money for a mushroom. I guess I'm going to buy some more carrots. And then I'm going to plant them I'm going to plant them. Wow, it's kind of as buggy full screen. If this is the best like $3.99 I've played on the seamstress team store
I'm going to plant them. Wow, it's kind of as buggy full screen. If this is the best like $3.99 I've played on the seamstress team store Also, uh, to like, so one of the things that I do because my brain does not like on the, to kind of on the shit you should talk about, we should talk about the thing. It's like, genesis like I have ADHD, but like I don't do well when routines are broken
Also, uh, to like, so one of the things that I do because my brain does not like on the, to kind of on the shit you should talk about, we should talk about the thing. It's like, genesis like I have ADHD, but like I don't do well when routines are broken And so one of the things that I struggle with is like, I get like when I don't have enough strategy stuff to do during the day, like my brain is like a night going, oh my goodness, you didn't do anything. Like what are you doing with your life? And so it just doesn't turn off
And so one of the things that I struggle with is like, I get like when I don't have enough strategy stuff to do during the day, like my brain is like a night going, oh my goodness, you didn't do anything. Like what are you doing with your life? And so it just doesn't turn off So I've been trying to play like at night to wind down. I've been playing really heavy strategy games
So I've been trying to play like at night to wind down. I've been playing really heavy strategy games So if anybody has wants to play some cool strategy game with me, hit me up or like that's why I've been like really diving into like, uh, Maddie and I stream together and worked on some database stuff
So if anybody has wants to play some cool strategy game with me, hit me up or like that's why I've been like really diving into like, uh, Maddie and I stream together and worked on some database stuff And like I was like brushing up on people's goals and also Maddie by the way at Megan and I are BFFs now. Um, it's, what's up? What's up? Wesley, I'm so sad I didn't get a picture with you. It's fine. Wesley left me at AWS and it's fine. That's, it's okay
And like I was like brushing up on people's goals and also Maddie by the way at Megan and I are BFFs now. Um, it's, what's up? What's up? Wesley, I'm so sad I didn't get a picture with you. It's fine. Wesley left me at AWS and it's fine. That's, it's okay That's, it's okay. Wesley, I love you and we will always have scooters and fun together. Wesley was the first person I met in Debra and has helped like gearing helping me understand the processes of my life. We'll go with that. Uh, and I was so excited
That's, it's okay. Wesley, I love you and we will always have scooters and fun together. Wesley was the first person I met in Debra and has helped like gearing helping me understand the processes of my life. We'll go with that. Uh, and I was so excited I met him in person at AWS summit and then we didn't get a selfie. She left like five minutes before I went to look for him for a selfie. I was like, that's it. Uh, if you don't know, no, it's okay. Because like, Wesley, it's great
I met him in person at AWS summit and then we didn't get a selfie. She left like five minutes before I went to look for him for a selfie. I was like, that's it. Uh, if you don't know, no, it's okay. Because like, Wesley, it's great Because like I actually went to Wesley this year a lot because I was like, hey, I've been in, I'm in this weird situation at work and I don't know how to handle it. Please help. You know how to help. And it was like the best advice ever and like, yeah
Because like I actually went to Wesley this year a lot because I was like, hey, I've been in, I'm in this weird situation at work and I don't know how to handle it. Please help. You know how to help. And it was like the best advice ever and like, yeah And actually when I was laid off, Wesley was the person that like made me feel like it was all going to be okay. Like Wesley texted me and was like, you're right. Aaron was like, it's okay. And like, thanks. Wesley. Thanks
And actually when I was laid off, Wesley was the person that like made me feel like it was all going to be okay. Like Wesley texted me and was like, you're right. Aaron was like, it's okay. And like, thanks. Wesley. Thanks Wesley. Thanks. So, uh, but we're on a break time because the Pomodoro farm says we can be on a break. It says break time. So it is okay. Don't worry about derailing it. It's fine. Anywho, if you don't know Wesley and you're in this chat, just know the Wesley is a shit
Wesley. Thanks. So, uh, but we're on a break time because the Pomodoro farm says we can be on a break. It says break time. So it is okay. Don't worry about derailing it. It's fine. Anywho, if you don't know Wesley and you're in this chat, just know the Wesley is a shit And you should go follow Wesley on LinkedIn and mastodon and poly work. And we're going to say, we are awesome. Thanks. Oh, and as a, uh, because I'm not saying enough, I feel like I need to say it more. But in case I don't say it enough, please hit the follow button on Twitch. Well, you're here
And you should go follow Wesley on LinkedIn and mastodon and poly work. And we're going to say, we are awesome. Thanks. Oh, and as a, uh, because I'm not saying enough, I feel like I need to say it more. But in case I don't say it enough, please hit the follow button on Twitch. Well, you're here Well, you're here. As the Twitch followers grow, we will be able to get more sponsorships to help teach Shantak. But also shit, you don't want to talk about. Yay. Yay. Thank you, Wesley. I need to, uh, like, come in with this field and say that like properly
Well, you're here. As the Twitch followers grow, we will be able to get more sponsorships to help teach Shantak. But also shit, you don't want to talk about. Yay. Yay. Thank you, Wesley. I need to, uh, like, come in with this field and say that like properly I just need to get back on like streaming regularly again. That's step one. Yes. Yes, you do. Step one. Darko yelled at me about, okay, Darko didn't really yell at me, but Darko was like, you have to stream on a regular cadence, even when you're traveling. So, I guess I need to set that up too
I just need to get back on like streaming regularly again. That's step one. Yes. Yes, you do. Step one. Darko yelled at me about, okay, Darko didn't really yell at me, but Darko was like, you have to stream on a regular cadence, even when you're traveling. So, I guess I need to set that up too Damn it. Hey, I did get one thing done. Oh, I got one thing done. I got a dance. I got a dance. This is not dance music though. This change of music for dance music. This dance? I don't know if this one's dance music. Well, I have to go look focus times. My little things here. That's good
Damn it. Hey, I did get one thing done. Oh, I got one thing done. I got a dance. I got a dance. This is not dance music though. This change of music for dance music. This dance? I don't know if this one's dance music. Well, I have to go look focus times. My little things here. That's good That's good. We are dance music for now. Next time we do this, Erin, we should probably like, in better dance music. If anybody knows dance music that you can add on stream yard, please let me know. And yes, Wesley, we will. It's going to be amazing
That's good. We are dance music for now. Next time we do this, Erin, we should probably like, in better dance music. If anybody knows dance music that you can add on stream yard, please let me know. And yes, Wesley, we will. It's going to be amazing We'll see how long we can look into this on repeat before we get annoyed with it. Okay. And also, I have to get done is set up. Am I going to AWS reinvent? No, not currently. Unless someone wants to sponsor me to go, everybody, I'm open for work. I am
We'll see how long we can look into this on repeat before we get annoyed with it. Okay. And also, I have to get done is set up. Am I going to AWS reinvent? No, not currently. Unless someone wants to sponsor me to go, everybody, I'm open for work. I am I am. I am going to reinvent and we'll be finding you in Darko. And Jackie and Julie. Wesley, we figured out Julie and I grew up in the same like, okay. And I don't know if you, Erin, do you know Julie? Julie. With the last name. I will look up her Twitter. I know a couple of Julian. Julie. Julie
I am. I am going to reinvent and we'll be finding you in Darko. And Jackie and Julie. Wesley, we figured out Julie and I grew up in the same like, okay. And I don't know if you, Erin, do you know Julie? Julie. With the last name. I will look up her Twitter. I know a couple of Julian. Julie. Julie Julie. Julie. Anyway, she's phenomenal. And this is a good for you to know too is. He is from Idaho. Yeah, we're
Julie. Julie. Anyway, she's phenomenal. And this is a good for you to know too is. He is from Idaho. Yeah, we're Yeah, we're. Here, I just posted her thing because everybody should, if you're on using the Twitter's where a lot of you find us, I just posted her Twitter and everyone should go follow her because she's dope soul. We found out that she's also from Idaho and she grew up in
Yeah, we're. Here, I just posted her thing because everybody should, if you're on using the Twitter's where a lot of you find us, I just posted her Twitter and everyone should go follow her because she's dope soul. We found out that she's also from Idaho and she grew up in Or she had a lot of family and grew up in Pocahtello, like some of the time. And Pocahtello is where I grew up. And she was telling me about this like crazy. And then the week after she told me about it, she's like, don't look it up. You don't want to look it up. It was on a podcast I listened to
Or she had a lot of family and grew up in Pocahtello, like some of the time. And Pocahtello is where I grew up. And she was telling me about this like crazy. And then the week after she told me about it, she's like, don't look it up. You don't want to look it up. It was on a podcast I listened to I was like, dude, that's crazy. What? What? Yeah, no, we're both from Idaho, but I love high-see Pocahtello because I've always referred to it being on the other half of Idaho is Poca health hold. I think that's fine. There. Like, that's not a bad thing
I was like, dude, that's crazy. What? What? Yeah, no, we're both from Idaho, but I love high-see Pocahtello because I've always referred to it being on the other half of Idaho is Poca health hold. I think that's fine. There. Like, that's not a bad thing And for reference, y'all, at least when I live there, there's like the three biggest cities were back in the day, at least, we see by far, but then Pocahtello and Idaho cost. I think that's changed now. I think it's like, cordalane, Moscow. Yeah, it's either cordalane or Moscow
And for reference, y'all, at least when I live there, there's like the three biggest cities were back in the day, at least, we see by far, but then Pocahtello and Idaho cost. I think that's changed now. I think it's like, cordalane, Moscow. Yeah, it's either cordalane or Moscow I don't know if they would call it bull. But, yes, it's weird to meet other people from Idaho. Right. That's really like the text space in sectors sometimes. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, Wesley, as a random other cool update to tell you about, is we're launching the Ivan Lifestream tomorrow
I don't know if they would call it bull. But, yes, it's weird to meet other people from Idaho. Right. That's really like the text space in sectors sometimes. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, Wesley, as a random other cool update to tell you about, is we're launching the Ivan Lifestream tomorrow It's gonna be fun and it's very all at the same time. Why do you ask Wesley? He's like, bye! I'm done. But, to get back to what we also talked about too of... So, you're somebody that can't do that needs structure. And don't do very well if, like, structure is like... That's as far as I remember
It's gonna be fun and it's very all at the same time. Why do you ask Wesley? He's like, bye! I'm done. But, to get back to what we also talked about too of... So, you're somebody that can't do that needs structure. And don't do very well if, like, structure is like... That's as far as I remember Yeah, I don't remember where we were going. Oh, feel the art. I like structure. Have fun in your meeting, Wesley. I like structure, but like... Not too much structure. It makes sense. It's not like a way of putting it. Yeah
Yeah, I don't remember where we were going. Oh, feel the art. I like structure. Have fun in your meeting, Wesley. I like structure, but like... Not too much structure. It makes sense. It's not like a way of putting it. Yeah Yeah. I have, if I don't things in, have it in place with deadlines that I won't get stuff done. Yeah, I need a deadline. And I need a deadline with me's structure. But if I have too much structure, I also won't get anything done. Does that make sense? I don't know the songs on repeat
Yeah. I have, if I don't things in, have it in place with deadlines that I won't get stuff done. Yeah, I need a deadline. And I need a deadline with me's structure. But if I have too much structure, I also won't get anything done. Does that make sense? I don't know the songs on repeat Oh, no, the songs on repeat. I'll just go change the song that's not as so apparently on repeat. Okay, y'all, I posted the links for the Ivan livestream that I just posted if y'all could. Like them, comment them, share them. I greatly appreciate it
Oh, no, the songs on repeat. I'll just go change the song that's not as so apparently on repeat. Okay, y'all, I posted the links for the Ivan livestream that I just posted if y'all could. Like them, comment them, share them. I greatly appreciate it And it also has the time zones, which is what reminded me that it is. Maddie, if you're still around, learner was correct, and this is the time zones. I just got a notification on my phone that somebody lost their tortoise. How do you lose your tortoise? I don't know, but our plumber just left
And it also has the time zones, which is what reminded me that it is. Maddie, if you're still around, learner was correct, and this is the time zones. I just got a notification on my phone that somebody lost their tortoise. How do you lose your tortoise? I don't know, but our plumber just left Oh, I think they left the door open. Like somebody left the door open. I mean, they're slow, but if the door's open long enough. This. So. Do you need a coffee break? Go get yourself some. Okay, I need to get another coconut sparkle water. And it's also
Oh, I think they left the door open. Like somebody left the door open. I mean, they're slow, but if the door's open long enough. This. So. Do you need a coffee break? Go get yourself some. Okay, I need to get another coconut sparkle water. And it's also And it's also. All right, guess what? What? Is it done? Did he fix it? I fixed it. I fixed it. Yeah. Everybody can go look at it. I fixed some links. You can see my resume and hopefully hire me. Yay. Hi, Aaron. Go. Hi, Aaron. Is this a dance song? This is it
And it's also. All right, guess what? What? Is it done? Did he fix it? I fixed it. I fixed it. Yeah. Everybody can go look at it. I fixed some links. You can see my resume and hopefully hire me. Yay. Hi, Aaron. Go. Hi, Aaron. Is this a dance song? This is it We need to find a dance song, because I was like. This is like. I did some cool like. Oh, hold on. I saw these earlier. I'm going to treat this and then mask it on it and then all the stuff so you guys can follow it. Okay. I'm going to share my screen so it hopefully shares the audio. Oh
We need to find a dance song, because I was like. This is like. I did some cool like. Oh, hold on. I saw these earlier. I'm going to treat this and then mask it on it and then all the stuff so you guys can follow it. Okay. I'm going to share my screen so it hopefully shares the audio. Oh Oh. Do you like EDM music? I like a lot of stuff. Okay, cool. Isn't sure. I had a check. Yeah. Okay. Let me get rid of the ad first. Oh. Okay. Okay. And turn this off. And we wait for the ad. And hopefully this will be too loud when I hit music. Hopefully this is a wonderful ad
Oh. Do you like EDM music? I like a lot of stuff. Okay, cool. Isn't sure. I had a check. Yeah. Okay. Let me get rid of the ad first. Oh. Okay. Okay. And turn this off. And we wait for the ad. And hopefully this will be too loud when I hit music. Hopefully this is a wonderful ad Everybody, I don't know what this is for. Final part. Keeping it bullshit free. I appreciate it. I feel like this isn't a very good start to. I'm calling. I'm going to call it. I'm going to call it. Oh, it's not a good start. I could believe this is our background music
Everybody, I don't know what this is for. Final part. Keeping it bullshit free. I appreciate it. I feel like this isn't a very good start to. I'm calling. I'm going to call it. I'm going to call it. Oh, it's not a good start. I could believe this is our background music But then we can't share our screens. I feel like you can upload it. Like if you do all the file and then upload it. Yeah. Let me see if I can do that. Okay. So. Right. Working on it. Yeah. But. I also. Uh. I'm using this. Simultaneously. Get the word out about the stream. But also simultaneously
But then we can't share our screens. I feel like you can upload it. Like if you do all the file and then upload it. Yeah. Let me see if I can do that. Okay. So. Right. Working on it. Yeah. But. I also. Uh. I'm using this. Simultaneously. Get the word out about the stream. But also simultaneously Getting the word out. My page. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I just like was like trying to pull it. I was like trying to pull it. I was like, you know too many dents. And I was like, I want be done. Yes. I am be Jen. I like it. Okay. We still. Oh, maybe
Getting the word out. My page. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I just like was like trying to pull it. I was like trying to pull it. I was like, you know too many dents. And I was like, I want be done. Yes. I am be Jen. I like it. Okay. We still. Oh, maybe Oh, maybe. Let's work. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Please. Please. Oh, dude. That's so weird. Do you ever have you ever used a tool that you've used for such a long time? And then you have to sign up again and ask you for your age and you're like. Whoa. Whoa. Um. I just, I'm
Oh, maybe. Let's work. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Please. Please. Oh, dude. That's so weird. Do you ever have you ever used a tool that you've used for such a long time? And then you have to sign up again and ask you for your age and you're like. Whoa. Whoa. Um. I just, I'm Um. I just, I'm. I'm trying to sign up for a stream yard to see if we can actually get this music to download from them to use. And it asked me on my age. And my age is 35. And if it's really weird to type it. Because I have, you know, like used it before. So. Yeah. Anyway
Um. I just, I'm. I'm trying to sign up for a stream yard to see if we can actually get this music to download from them to use. And it asked me on my age. And my age is 35. And if it's really weird to type it. Because I have, you know, like used it before. So. Yeah. Anyway So. Yeah. Anyway. I'm doing like an old lady. I am seriously all over the board. But hey, I'm getting stuff down, but I meant to do it at a different time. And. I'm DMing someone that is. Cool artist that. I wanted their music on her show. And then I forgot to follow up. Because that's what I do
So. Yeah. Anyway. I'm doing like an old lady. I am seriously all over the board. But hey, I'm getting stuff down, but I meant to do it at a different time. And. I'm DMing someone that is. Cool artist that. I wanted their music on her show. And then I forgot to follow up. Because that's what I do Sometimes. Um. Uh. Um. I'm going to. The music. All right. So we call my phone. And my phone's just right there in the middle. Um. I'm going to reply to them and be like, yeah, can. We get some music
Sometimes. Um. Uh. Um. I'm going to. The music. All right. So we call my phone. And my phone's just right there in the middle. Um. I'm going to reply to them and be like, yeah, can. We get some music We get some music. I highly doubt they're going to reply anytime soon, probably not for this stream, but maybe next week. I'm going to. Okay. Okay. Okay. Log in. Thank you. I'm going to. Where is this person? So I found this human on. Tech talk. And then I was like, dude, you're, your music's dope
We get some music. I highly doubt they're going to reply anytime soon, probably not for this stream, but maybe next week. I'm going to. Okay. Okay. Okay. Log in. Thank you. I'm going to. Where is this person? So I found this human on. Tech talk. And then I was like, dude, you're, your music's dope And. Then hit them up on. On the Instagrams. So you could actually DM them. And then. And then. Everyone should go follow. Graphic. On the Instagrams just because that's where I posted it. See. And then. To hopefully say what I'm trying to say out loud properly, we're going to ask him
And. Then hit them up on. On the Instagrams. So you could actually DM them. And then. And then. Everyone should go follow. Graphic. On the Instagrams just because that's where I posted it. See. And then. To hopefully say what I'm trying to say out loud properly, we're going to ask him If he could create us like. Three hour playlist. Like maybe version one version two or at least a couple songs or something like that. Three hours worth of music and multiple playlists. I'm going to go follow right away. And I just dropped in the chat all my links. And what I worked on
If he could create us like. Three hour playlist. Like maybe version one version two or at least a couple songs or something like that. Three hours worth of music and multiple playlists. I'm going to go follow right away. And I just dropped in the chat all my links. And what I worked on I'm published it in the world. So if you see anything and you like it, please share it. Help me get a job because. I like not being fun and playing. The end. I'm going to get some caffeine. I'm going to. Finally, follow up with this person from like. January. It's all good. I can cross off
I'm published it in the world. So if you see anything and you like it, please share it. Help me get a job because. I like not being fun and playing. The end. I'm going to get some caffeine. I'm going to. Finally, follow up with this person from like. January. It's all good. I can cross off I can cross off. I'm going to get some caffeine. I'm going to. Finally, follow up with this person from like. January. I'm going to. I'm going to. It's all good. I can cross off with an activity. Yay. Next, we're going to send the email
I can cross off. I'm going to get some caffeine. I'm going to. Finally, follow up with this person from like. January. I'm going to. I'm going to. It's all good. I can cross off with an activity. Yay. Next, we're going to send the email I've been procrastinating, which is actually like a five minute task. But it's one of those tasks that you like. Been avoiding and. It's like one of those. Yeah. Anywho. All be are be. Um, well. I refill the coffee. I'll be happy. I'll be happy. Enjoy. Jen, I'll be back. That just sounds weird
I've been procrastinating, which is actually like a five minute task. But it's one of those tasks that you like. Been avoiding and. It's like one of those. Yeah. Anywho. All be are be. Um, well. I refill the coffee. I'll be happy. I'll be happy. Enjoy. Jen, I'll be back. That just sounds weird Okay, let's go. Um. What I was doing was also just trying to see if I could create a clip. I might have to do it post. Um. Apparently we don't make a lot of clips. Let's see. No, no, I got nothing collections video producer. I can create a highlight. Okay
Okay, let's go. Um. What I was doing was also just trying to see if I could create a clip. I might have to do it post. Um. Apparently we don't make a lot of clips. Let's see. No, no, I got nothing collections video producer. I can create a highlight. Okay Okay. Uh, which a highlight can be possibly enough time. What time is it? Okay. You didn't even. You guys can't hear what I'm looking at, but hey. I'm doing things. I'm doing things. Okay. I can't create the clip yet. Okay. Getting this out y'all. Very concentrated, all the concentrated looks
Okay. Uh, which a highlight can be possibly enough time. What time is it? Okay. You didn't even. You guys can't hear what I'm looking at, but hey. I'm doing things. I'm doing things. Okay. I can't create the clip yet. Okay. Getting this out y'all. Very concentrated, all the concentrated looks Very concentrated. All the concentrated looks. Oh yeah, I'm totally going to see if I could clip this to where they see. They see the entire part of me trying to. I know there's so many links. They're all worthwhile. I'm going to do a little more. Share screen. Window. This one
Very concentrated. All the concentrated looks. Oh yeah, I'm totally going to see if I could clip this to where they see. They see the entire part of me trying to. I know there's so many links. They're all worthwhile. I'm going to do a little more. Share screen. Window. This one Window. This one. And then you guys are suckless and into it too. No, we're not there yet. I feel like this is a good spot to clip it. Okay, how do we want to name this one asking graphic or music or some of the amazing music? I'm sharing that I'm making a clip of us. I don't know. Clips
Window. This one. And then you guys are suckless and into it too. No, we're not there yet. I feel like this is a good spot to clip it. Okay, how do we want to name this one asking graphic or music or some of the amazing music? I'm sharing that I'm making a clip of us. I don't know. Clips Clips. Clips I've created. I don't think it's that one. I named it as a graphic for music. Okay, cool. Yay, we are done with that. That is exciting. That took a lot of effort. Just to like get it figured out. Yeah. Okay, cool. Okay, cool. Okay, there's that
Clips. Clips I've created. I don't think it's that one. I named it as a graphic for music. Okay, cool. Yay, we are done with that. That is exciting. That took a lot of effort. Just to like get it figured out. Yeah. Okay, cool. Okay, cool. Okay, there's that Okay, there's that. And now I can go focus on the more fun thing of sharing your stuff. And it does make it easier when I get tagged and stuff. I'm going to go to the next one. Go higher. I hear does anyone wants to see I can get a break from my gamified break up. I'm going to go to the next one
Okay, there's that. And now I can go focus on the more fun thing of sharing your stuff. And it does make it easier when I get tagged and stuff. I'm going to go to the next one. Go higher. I hear does anyone wants to see I can get a break from my gamified break up. I'm going to go to the next one If you can see I have my little thing and I'm watering my grass. There we go. I have 26 p's. I'm going to go to the next one. And that's all I can afford because I'm a broke ass bitch. I'm going to water it. It's so cute. I think I can get like some snail or something. I love the beer
If you can see I have my little thing and I'm watering my grass. There we go. I have 26 p's. I'm going to go to the next one. And that's all I can afford because I'm a broke ass bitch. I'm going to water it. It's so cute. I think I can get like some snail or something. I love the beer I love the beer. A mock fiddle head from the fall. A mock leaf. I have 10 snails. It moves. That's what I do. I have 8. I have to wait till more snails. That's it. That's all I'm sharing. I have green tea now. Nice
I love the beer. A mock fiddle head from the fall. A mock leaf. I have 10 snails. It moves. That's what I do. I have 8. I have to wait till more snails. That's it. That's all I'm sharing. I have green tea now. Nice Nice. It is past the point of the day where if I have too much caffeine on a table, I can't get enough of it. I can't get enough of it. It's a real shouldn't be vibrating. Yes. I mean, I need to go water and all that too of getting used to. I do better when I'm at home than I do when I'm traveling
Nice. It is past the point of the day where if I have too much caffeine on a table, I can't get enough of it. I can't get enough of it. It's a real shouldn't be vibrating. Yes. I mean, I need to go water and all that too of getting used to. I do better when I'm at home than I do when I'm traveling I'm going to be like up my at home. I feel that. Right now I'm trying to make us a nice playlists. At least it would be 30 minutes on repeat if it's going to repeat. We're going to see if this works. We definitely do not need. We can do it at like this person maybe. I'm sorry. I will update
I'm going to be like up my at home. I feel that. Right now I'm trying to make us a nice playlists. At least it would be 30 minutes on repeat if it's going to repeat. We're going to see if this works. We definitely do not need. We can do it at like this person maybe. I'm sorry. I will update I will update. Thank you for that post. It's saying DNS probe finished. Next domain. Cool. Let's go to my domain settings. It does it just for your domain by itself too. Okay. Well, everybody thanks for catching me on that. Do me a favor. Write your domain
I will update. Thank you for that post. It's saying DNS probe finished. Next domain. Cool. Let's go to my domain settings. It does it just for your domain by itself too. Okay. Well, everybody thanks for catching me on that. Do me a favor. Write your domain Write your domain. Let me grab your other domain really quick. Maybe. I'm wondering if it's like a typo. I think it's the whatever the settings were it's like. Where you have to have the WWE. Because I just got it if you don't. It just. Yeah, I just click the one in chat and it worked
Write your domain. Let me grab your other domain really quick. Maybe. I'm wondering if it's like a typo. I think it's the whatever the settings were it's like. Where you have to have the WWE. Because I just got it if you don't. It just. Yeah, I just click the one in chat and it worked And you're right. This one doesn't. So we're just going to fix it real quick. I think it's going to be a little bit more. Yeah. I think it's going to be a little bit more. At least a LinkedIn. You can just edit it. Yeah. Well, it's just going to
And you're right. This one doesn't. So we're just going to fix it real quick. I think it's going to be a little bit more. Yeah. I think it's going to be a little bit more. At least a LinkedIn. You can just edit it. Yeah. Well, it's just going to That's something that should be fixed with my anyway. That's like a. Okay. Cool. Cool. It says. You should be working. I don't know why it's not working. I'm not sure. My little games is that I have to actually. Work. Interesting. John. Okay. I'm going to. 30 minute. I'm going to. I'm going to
That's something that should be fixed with my anyway. That's like a. Okay. Cool. Cool. It says. You should be working. I don't know why it's not working. I'm not sure. My little games is that I have to actually. Work. Interesting. John. Okay. I'm going to. 30 minute. I'm going to. I'm going to I'm going to. I'm going to. We'll see. I came in and use that. But it. Is. Is a video. I have. I don't know if I told you. I'm going to. I'm going to. My YouTube account got. You heard followers. Congrats. Congrats. I just crossed. I think I like was bad and like I feel like. Lessons learned
I'm going to. I'm going to. We'll see. I came in and use that. But it. Is. Is a video. I have. I don't know if I told you. I'm going to. I'm going to. My YouTube account got. You heard followers. Congrats. Congrats. I just crossed. I think I like was bad and like I feel like. Lessons learned Lessons learned. Aaron. This is. I'm going to stand on my sit box for the lessons learned. Do it. Do it. Do it. I feel like I only neglected video content over the last little bit. And so I'm building a lot of that up right now. I'm going to. I'm going to. I want to follow me. You can go to. Yeah
Lessons learned. Aaron. This is. I'm going to stand on my sit box for the lessons learned. Do it. Do it. Do it. I feel like I only neglected video content over the last little bit. And so I'm building a lot of that up right now. I'm going to. I'm going to. I want to follow me. You can go to. Yeah Yeah. Everybody. Aaron. Got to links to my YouTube. It's pretty great. Yeah. That is. Why I was saying something about asking people to follow here. Because it's like. I don't know. People don't always realize that they don't follow. So it's. I don't know. I don't know. I just want to say
Yeah. Everybody. Aaron. Got to links to my YouTube. It's pretty great. Yeah. That is. Why I was saying something about asking people to follow here. Because it's like. I don't know. People don't always realize that they don't follow. So it's. I don't know. I don't know. I just want to say I just want to say. YouTube and my Twitch. And yeah. Follow. Say hi. I'm pretty much on like all the platforms at Aaron. I'm waiting for this to download. Yeah. That's it. Room. Yay. Hmm. I'm waiting for this to download so I can actually. If we could, that would be no. It's thinking it's a maybe
I just want to say. YouTube and my Twitch. And yeah. Follow. Say hi. I'm pretty much on like all the platforms at Aaron. I'm waiting for this to download. Yeah. That's it. Room. Yay. Hmm. I'm waiting for this to download so I can actually. If we could, that would be no. It's thinking it's a maybe Where's my finder. Finder, finder, finder. And then we can. Here. And then. Hmm. Hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay. And now see how to do it. Okay. Let's see what's this what used to be my favorite song on here. It's called feeding the ducks. Oh, yeah. Nope. It can get old though. And I know that
Where's my finder. Finder, finder, finder. And then we can. Here. And then. Hmm. Hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay. And now see how to do it. Okay. Let's see what's this what used to be my favorite song on here. It's called feeding the ducks. Oh, yeah. Nope. It can get old though. And I know that And I know that. But I still love it. I do like this one. Hmm. Hmm. And you can. I can. I can. I can. You know. No. No. Oh, yay. So many things to close. And then download. We get to download. I'm very excited. Not what. Oh, the solar. Nice. Yeah. Comedy seller. Um. I'm curious now. Yeah
And I know that. But I still love it. I do like this one. Hmm. Hmm. And you can. I can. I can. I can. You know. No. No. Oh, yay. So many things to close. And then download. We get to download. I'm very excited. Not what. Oh, the solar. Nice. Yeah. Comedy seller. Um. I'm curious now. Yeah Yeah. Uh, my claim. Like. The is that I once did an open mic with Joe Perra. There. From Joe Perra talks with you. Um, but he was in the same open mic that I was doing, which is really cool ones. And then I sat there and I was like this the entire time. Like. You're so cool
Yeah. Uh, my claim. Like. The is that I once did an open mic with Joe Perra. There. From Joe Perra talks with you. Um, but he was in the same open mic that I was doing, which is really cool ones. And then I sat there and I was like this the entire time. Like. You're so cool You're so cool. And you have to listen to my jokes. This isn't vericene. Um, yeah. So that's pretty cool. If you want to see my comedy works, um, you can follow us on. My comedy crew has a comedy troupe. My outside of my personal comedy, I run a show in Brooklyn
You're so cool. And you have to listen to my jokes. This isn't vericene. Um, yeah. So that's pretty cool. If you want to see my comedy works, um, you can follow us on. My comedy crew has a comedy troupe. My outside of my personal comedy, I run a show in Brooklyn Um, where I used my weird coding skills to make things and weird. Production skills to make things. Actually, Jen, I think can I play the video through the screen? I think so. If you share the audio with it, so you have to share the tab or the window, I think. So I can't
Um, where I used my weird coding skills to make things and weird. Production skills to make things. Actually, Jen, I think can I play the video through the screen? I think so. If you share the audio with it, so you have to share the tab or the window, I think. So I can't So I can't. If anybody wants to see a quick little free video. I. I think as I put them in a video. And then Jen, make me send this email afterwards because I'm currently. Okay. So we can watch this and then everybody make sure that I send my. Real afterwards. Is that
So I can't. If anybody wants to see a quick little free video. I. I think as I put them in a video. And then Jen, make me send this email afterwards because I'm currently. Okay. So we can watch this and then everybody make sure that I send my. Real afterwards. Is that Is that. Yeah, I actually really like doing shows. It's really fun. It's like if you like a stage, it's really cool, but not everybody likes that. So. So I think this real has my. I think it's like our comedy collective. So it's like, uh, there's five of us. Uh, it's just chairs have audio
Is that. Yeah, I actually really like doing shows. It's really fun. It's like if you like a stage, it's really cool, but not everybody likes that. So. So I think this real has my. I think it's like our comedy collective. So it's like, uh, there's five of us. Uh, it's just chairs have audio So cool. Okay. Cool. Let me. Oh, bang. Bang him. Ready? This is what I do outside of my D. Done. Start it up. Are you ready? Yeah. You're going to like my investors. You're following for promises and fairy tales without questioning the sign is behind it. You're. Your. And she is a. But her
So cool. Okay. Cool. Let me. Oh, bang. Bang him. Ready? This is what I do outside of my D. Done. Start it up. Are you ready? Yeah. You're going to like my investors. You're following for promises and fairy tales without questioning the sign is behind it. You're. Your. And she is a. But her But her. The only thing getting her now is. Our ears. Margo, you're so in fine with it. I have to. I have to. I just like the market. And I versus you man roast battle. And I versus you man roast. Wow. It's an AI versus you man roast battle. I'm going to round two where it's going to be personal
But her. The only thing getting her now is. Our ears. Margo, you're so in fine with it. I have to. I have to. I just like the market. And I versus you man roast battle. And I versus you man roast. Wow. It's an AI versus you man roast battle. I'm going to round two where it's going to be personal Okay. And for round two we brought a very special guest. There'll be a site to aircon. Right. Because of the aircon they shut the next season. Come on. Come on. Yeah. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That
Okay. And for round two we brought a very special guest. There'll be a site to aircon. Right. Because of the aircon they shut the next season. Come on. Come on. Yeah. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That That. That. That. Did you know Kyle's favorite drink is a man having that's right. He likes his drinks like his comedy. Watered down and full of regret. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. You guys find out this one
That. That. That. Did you know Kyle's favorite drink is a man having that's right. He likes his drinks like his comedy. Watered down and full of regret. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. You guys find out this one When with this one we're going to bring in a very special guest. You all know and love. At the C F E dot E E V. Brain Ronaldo Day. We're expecting a win. I think the. My. I. A. It. Introduces upon it. Okay. Let's say it. Let's say it. Let's say it. I'm a. I'm Brian Ranoli
When with this one we're going to bring in a very special guest. You all know and love. At the C F E dot E E V. Brain Ronaldo Day. We're expecting a win. I think the. My. I. A. It. Introduces upon it. Okay. Let's say it. Let's say it. Let's say it. I'm a. I'm Brian Ranoli I'm Brian Ranoli. After I'm done roasting human, Brian Ranoli today he's going to realize the true power of a. not to mention having an identity crisis of epic proportions. Let's get this rose party started. Wow. Wow. He's pretty confident and creepy. Developer experience in Vermeer
I'm Brian Ranoli. After I'm done roasting human, Brian Ranoli today he's going to realize the true power of a. not to mention having an identity crisis of epic proportions. Let's get this rose party started. Wow. Wow. He's pretty confident and creepy. Developer experience in Vermeer You mean professional bug creator? Brian keeps himself employed by creating bugs he later has to fix. Your coding style is like Schrodinger's cat. Simultaneously alive and dead until someone opens your text editor. I'm scared. It's not a long time. I gotta admit, he's not wrong
You mean professional bug creator? Brian keeps himself employed by creating bugs he later has to fix. Your coding style is like Schrodinger's cat. Simultaneously alive and dead until someone opens your text editor. I'm scared. It's not a long time. I gotta admit, he's not wrong You could call Brian Rinaldi a world traveler. But in reality, he's seen the inside of a bunch of tech conferences and used a VPN more than once. Coding with you is like navigating through the labyrinth from the movie labyrinth, except David Bowie's not here to make it interesting
You could call Brian Rinaldi a world traveler. But in reality, he's seen the inside of a bunch of tech conferences and used a VPN more than once. Coding with you is like navigating through the labyrinth from the movie labyrinth, except David Bowie's not here to make it interesting The only reason people discover your dev relish podcasts is because they thought it was a cooking show. Wow. The way you handle errors in your code is like a multiverse theory. Every error opens up. But yeah, that's pretty much it. I'm very amused. This is what I do outside of my day job
The only reason people discover your dev relish podcasts is because they thought it was a cooking show. Wow. The way you handle errors in your code is like a multiverse theory. Every error opens up. But yeah, that's pretty much it. I'm very amused. This is what I do outside of my day job And maybe could possibly become your day job. Yeah. Actually, technically right now it is my day job. All job? All job. That's the only thing I'm making money from right now. All job. It's your job. All job. It's my job. I'm a community. I actually did open my setup on literally
And maybe could possibly become your day job. Yeah. Actually, technically right now it is my day job. All job? All job. That's the only thing I'm making money from right now. All job. It's your job. All job. It's my job. I'm a community. I actually did open my setup on literally So I got laid off on Friday. I opened up my set on Saturday with, I'm really excited to make the step into being a full-time comedian. And my work loved it so much that they gave me three months to get started. I like it though. I like it. Everybody laughed until they realized what it was
So I got laid off on Friday. I opened up my set on Saturday with, I'm really excited to make the step into being a full-time comedian. And my work loved it so much that they gave me three months to get started. I like it though. I like it. Everybody laughed until they realized what it was And I was like, yeah, it's me. I wonder if it would, I don't, of course, haven't seen the skip. But if they gave you three months to get a head start, and then although whether or not I come back is indefinite. I went into it from that one
And I was like, yeah, it's me. I wonder if it would, I don't, of course, haven't seen the skip. But if they gave you three months to get a head start, and then although whether or not I come back is indefinite. I went into it from that one I went into my joke and then I started my set with, I've been starting my set lately with my little comedy bit on, and it's like, you know, in tech, I've been through the trifecta. I've been through a layoff
I went into my joke and then I started my set with, I've been starting my set lately with my little comedy bit on, and it's like, you know, in tech, I've been through the trifecta. I've been through a layoff I've been through a layoff, an acquisition, but not the fun kind where you make money, the fun kind where you lose your job. And an explosion, but not an implosion because implosions are for submarines. So that's how I started my set. And it's been working out really well. That and poop jokes, man
I've been through a layoff, an acquisition, but not the fun kind where you make money, the fun kind where you lose your job. And an explosion, but not an implosion because implosions are for submarines. So that's how I started my set. And it's been working out really well. That and poop jokes, man People coming back to my show for poop jokes and start up layoff. So keep the content coming. What is your favorite, not like what the audience is favorite, like the biggest reaction, but what is your favorite joke? Like that you're most excited about. I do like my human centipede one
People coming back to my show for poop jokes and start up layoff. So keep the content coming. What is your favorite, not like what the audience is favorite, like the biggest reaction, but what is your favorite joke? Like that you're most excited about. I do like my human centipede one Oh, that one is always fun because I think the people who get it, they like, once they get it, it's like great. And that's the one I'm like, I'm going to spice up my marriage by taking advice from human centipede. You'd be careful what happens
Oh, that one is always fun because I think the people who get it, they like, once they get it, it's like great. And that's the one I'm like, I'm going to spice up my marriage by taking advice from human centipede. You'd be careful what happens Do you go from mouth to ass? And then I had a bit that I like about politics. And it's like, you know, when I originally went to school, I wanted to be a politician
Do you go from mouth to ass? And then I had a bit that I like about politics. And it's like, you know, when I originally went to school, I wanted to be a politician And I turned out, I wanted to be in politics, but it turns out that I'm not qualified because I don't come from money and I'm not related to anybody famous. But I recently found out, which is this is a true story that I'm distantly related to the cast of extreme moggers
And I turned out, I wanted to be in politics, but it turns out that I'm not qualified because I don't come from money and I'm not related to anybody famous. But I recently found out, which is this is a true story that I'm distantly related to the cast of extreme moggers So now I'm a sex tape away from being overqualified. Those are probably my favorite too. They're kind of dumb. I like it. I like dumb jokes
So now I'm a sex tape away from being overqualified. Those are probably my favorite too. They're kind of dumb. I like it. I like dumb jokes I like dumb jokes. I feel like it's really weird about comedy and this is oddly a big reason I don't go to a lot of comedy shows or anything because a lot of comedy is like making fun of other people. Or I get really cringey and I'm like, don't, like no. Like it's super nice. You gotta punch up
I like dumb jokes. I feel like it's really weird about comedy and this is oddly a big reason I don't go to a lot of comedy shows or anything because a lot of comedy is like making fun of other people. Or I get really cringey and I'm like, don't, like no. Like it's super nice. You gotta punch up You gotta punch up. You gotta punch up. So I really struggle with it. And like even if you're thinking like movies, like stepbrothers makes me proud. And I'm like, it's sad. It's annoying because everybody else is like, this is the funniest. And I'm like, I wish I could watch it
You gotta punch up. You gotta punch up. So I really struggle with it. And like even if you're thinking like movies, like stepbrothers makes me proud. And I'm like, it's sad. It's annoying because everybody else is like, this is the funniest. And I'm like, I wish I could watch it But we started watching beef on Netflix and it's called Dark Humor. It's like about Dark Humor. And I'm like, why do I like Dark Humor? But I don't like cringey humor because the shit is dark. Also it's amazing
But we started watching beef on Netflix and it's called Dark Humor. It's like about Dark Humor. And I'm like, why do I like Dark Humor? But I don't like cringey humor because the shit is dark. Also it's amazing Also it's amazing. I'm probably in the same boat, though, because like I am in this, yeah, very similar boat. Like I'm a big dark humor person. Like, yeah, I'm a big dark humor person. I have a few darker humor. But it's like, I also think you need to balance it
Also it's amazing. I'm probably in the same boat, though, because like I am in this, yeah, very similar boat. Like I'm a big dark humor person. Like, yeah, I'm a big dark humor person. I have a few darker humor. But it's like, I also think you need to balance it Like there was a, I did a show recently. And on the show, like there was some comics that like took it really dark. And I was like, there was no like moments of brevity. And so everybody was like, oh man. Oh man. Oh man. It's a lot. Yeah, I think that's like, finding that balance is great
Like there was a, I did a show recently. And on the show, like there was some comics that like took it really dark. And I was like, there was no like moments of brevity. And so everybody was like, oh man. Oh man. Oh man. It's a lot. Yeah, I think that's like, finding that balance is great I, I think the YouTube Incase anybody wants to go check it on on their own time, because the entire reason we need to pivot is Aaron needs to do the email. I, I have actually been drafting it. Weirdly, you just like sitting here watching has been great. And like making me do it
I, I think the YouTube Incase anybody wants to go check it on on their own time, because the entire reason we need to pivot is Aaron needs to do the email. I, I have actually been drafting it. Weirdly, you just like sitting here watching has been great. And like making me do it Everybody, I will, you know, I mean, I repited to other emails, but not the one you did to other emails first. Okay. Yeah. This is like, it's one of those emails where it's like, it's one of those emails where it's like, it's like a bad email to emails
Everybody, I will, you know, I mean, I repited to other emails, but not the one you did to other emails first. Okay. Yeah. This is like, it's one of those emails where it's like, it's one of those emails where it's like, it's like a bad email to emails It's like, I'm opening a can of worms with this email. And I just like, I'm not ready for the can of worms to open. Fair. Does that make sense? Yeah. I bet our comedy stuff. And it's like, I know that as soon as I send this, like it's going to open up a lot of questions
It's like, I'm opening a can of worms with this email. And I just like, I'm not ready for the can of worms to open. Fair. Does that make sense? Yeah. I bet our comedy stuff. And it's like, I know that as soon as I send this, like it's going to open up a lot of questions And like right now, because I'm a full time comedian, I'm going and everyday else's jobs, I'm going to have to deal with this. It's like, yeah. Yeah, that's where I'm at. But I'm going to do it. I'm, I've typed it in the email bar. We're doing it. Okay
And like right now, because I'm a full time comedian, I'm going and everyday else's jobs, I'm going to have to deal with this. It's like, yeah. Yeah, that's where I'm at. But I'm going to do it. I'm, I've typed it in the email bar. We're doing it. Okay Okay. Anywho, go back to talking and I'm going to just do this while. Oh, my God. I've been working on getting this damn audio file under 30 megabytes and I'm at 30.3. I don't think they're going to let me upload it. But I'm going to try. Y'all, I'm trying to get us better music
Okay. Anywho, go back to talking and I'm going to just do this while. Oh, my God. I've been working on getting this damn audio file under 30 megabytes and I'm at 30.3. I don't think they're going to let me upload it. But I'm going to try. Y'all, I'm trying to get us better music But I like, I want to play this because it puts them on repeat. Like you manually have to go click them. Okay. Are you going to let me upload it? I don't know. Processing. And y'all, I didn't listen to the music beforehand. I just picked a bunch. I'm also curious about the music I picked
But I like, I want to play this because it puts them on repeat. Like you manually have to go click them. Okay. Are you going to let me upload it? I don't know. Processing. And y'all, I didn't listen to the music beforehand. I just picked a bunch. I'm also curious about the music I picked And I think it's 20 minutes long, 21 minutes long. So we will have background music here shortly. So in the meantime, we'll do Jeopardy. Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do. Did they get this song because it kind of reminds me of I'm a little teapot
And I think it's 20 minutes long, 21 minutes long. So we will have background music here shortly. So in the meantime, we'll do Jeopardy. Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do. Did they get this song because it kind of reminds me of I'm a little teapot How about you say that I can only hear my I'm a little teapot. Yeah, you're welcome. You know what? I feel like I'm not getting any of my to do list on because they're all. Like high brain power things. And that's not working right now. But I. Oh, I think it worked. Okay, hold on
How about you say that I can only hear my I'm a little teapot. Yeah, you're welcome. You know what? I feel like I'm not getting any of my to do list on because they're all. Like high brain power things. And that's not working right now. But I. Oh, I think it worked. Okay, hold on Okay, hold on. Let me rename it of. 20 minute playlist. And what do we got? What do I hope this doesn't like hurt anybody's ears. The best music. But it's music. This is exciting. Okay. Now I just need to actually find music I like for 20 minutes. We can do that another day. Oh. Oh. Good
Okay, hold on. Let me rename it of. 20 minute playlist. And what do we got? What do I hope this doesn't like hurt anybody's ears. The best music. But it's music. This is exciting. Okay. Now I just need to actually find music I like for 20 minutes. We can do that another day. Oh. Oh. Good Oh. Oh. Good. You want to start. You want to. Oh, that's there. I don't know why I struggled with message on so much. Okay. I'm going to show you guys what I'm working on. I need to make barco. I also need a thank you screen. This one only needs to be like. You get the end. One minute
Oh. Oh. Good. You want to start. You want to. Oh, that's there. I don't know why I struggled with message on so much. Okay. I'm going to show you guys what I'm working on. I need to make barco. I also need a thank you screen. This one only needs to be like. You get the end. One minute One minute. As such as it needed time. It's the hey. Thanks for joining. We appreciate you. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. There we go. This is a weird tool. In case anyone is curious, I am using wave.video. Right now. And
One minute. As such as it needed time. It's the hey. Thanks for joining. We appreciate you. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. There we go. This is a weird tool. In case anyone is curious, I am using wave.video. Right now. And Right now. And. I just started using this tool. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys
Right now. And. I just started using this tool. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys I'm going to show you guys. It's really fun. You guys should try it. In case anyone is curious, I am going to show you guys. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys
I'm going to show you guys. It's really fun. You guys should try it. In case anyone is curious, I am going to show you guys. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. Bye.
I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to show you guys. Bye.