I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue
I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue
I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue
I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue
I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue
I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue
I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue
I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue
I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue
I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue
I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue
I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue
I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue
I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue
I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue
I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue
I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue
I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue
I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue
I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. I'm going to make a little bit of the glue I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. Hello, little Marie Sau you Hello, beautiful humans Welcome to Teach Nine Tech We're learning tech And today I'm working on some Hope work. And today I'm doing one of the very few tech trainings. I mean, TypeScript
I'm going to make a little bit of the glue. Hello, little Marie Sau you Hello, beautiful humans Welcome to Teach Nine Tech We're learning tech And today I'm working on some Hope work. And today I'm doing one of the very few tech trainings. I mean, TypeScript I mean, TypeScript. So first off, I am definitely going to see if I could get this new playlist running, even though I should probably go look at YouTube and see what happened there
I mean, TypeScript. So first off, I am definitely going to see if I could get this new playlist running, even though I should probably go look at YouTube and see what happened there While a while back, if you caught errands and my stream, I was working on finding a playlist in music, yet I was told that the music was copyrighted and I'm like, yo, I was given permission from the website and so what is going on? What song was it
While a while back, if you caught errands and my stream, I was working on finding a playlist in music, yet I was told that the music was copyrighted and I'm like, yo, I was given permission from the website and so what is going on? What song was it What song was it? I don't show this to y'all because you know why not? And I got to figure it out so we can work on this together
What song was it? I don't show this to y'all because you know why not? And I got to figure it out so we can work on this together And then once I figure out the music and if I can play this playlist, then I will get started. Do do do do. So I don't think everybody wants me to sing to them. I mean, I could, but you know, that could be weird as well. So just a second
And then once I figure out the music and if I can play this playlist, then I will get started. Do do do do. So I don't think everybody wants me to sing to them. I mean, I could, but you know, that could be weird as well. So just a second So just a second. And then after that, I will be going and working on Looney TypeScript stuff, which I'm excited. I am skipping chapter one. If anyone is curious, I'm definitely skipping chapter one. It has to do with classes
So just a second. And then after that, I will be going and working on Looney TypeScript stuff, which I'm excited. I am skipping chapter one. If anyone is curious, I'm definitely skipping chapter one. It has to do with classes If you caught the last stream with Josh, the author of the book, I am, me and chapters were not, I don't know if we'll ever be friends, but maybe who knows? Okay. And we are all about the dark mode today over on the right. I need to zoom this in anyway. We are looking at my iPad
If you caught the last stream with Josh, the author of the book, I am, me and chapters were not, I don't know if we'll ever be friends, but maybe who knows? Okay. And we are all about the dark mode today over on the right. I need to zoom this in anyway. We are looking at my iPad Very lovely, which I will zoom in when we get to that point, but we are working on this one right now. Oh, yes, homework. I'm getting to it once I figure out why this music was copyrighted. Because it feels weird not listening to music while I'm doing this, falling in love instrumental, no impact
Very lovely, which I will zoom in when we get to that point, but we are working on this one right now. Oh, yes, homework. I'm getting to it once I figure out why this music was copyrighted. Because it feels weird not listening to music while I'm doing this, falling in love instrumental, no impact Okay, then mute the song. Oh, mute all of this song. Yeah, cancel mute only this song. We'll see. Okay. So we're returned to upload. Sure. Next. Publish this because Aaron's probably wondering why I have never published this. Which I don't blame her
Okay, then mute the song. Oh, mute all of this song. Yeah, cancel mute only this song. We'll see. Okay. So we're returned to upload. Sure. Next. Publish this because Aaron's probably wondering why I have never published this. Which I don't blame her Right, I don't get like it's so weird with the copyrights. Let's go to who to is that what I'm using. I should probably look what I'm using for social media. I think it's that one. Sure, let's see. Oh, I'm using buffer. There's so many different social media ones
Right, I don't get like it's so weird with the copyrights. Let's go to who to is that what I'm using. I should probably look what I'm using for social media. I think it's that one. Sure, let's see. Oh, I'm using buffer. There's so many different social media ones Do you ever use social media things? Social media things. That's a very broad term. Posing on multiple social media platforms. Like this. Do you have a preference on which one? Let's paste this before I forget it. This is a a livestream from a while ago
Do you ever use social media things? Social media things. That's a very broad term. Posing on multiple social media platforms. Like this. Do you have a preference on which one? Let's paste this before I forget it. This is a a livestream from a while ago Zero, generally all your stuff for twitches on Twitter. Okay. Oh, that's fair. That's fair. I mostly do. I don't even use Snapchat. I probably should. I want to start using Instagram more because like Instagram and TikTok. Oh, yeah. Totally cool. It's okay if you guys don't reply
Zero, generally all your stuff for twitches on Twitter. Okay. Oh, that's fair. That's fair. I mostly do. I don't even use Snapchat. I probably should. I want to start using Instagram more because like Instagram and TikTok. Oh, yeah. Totally cool. It's okay if you guys don't reply What up, Alex? Even though Alex just as a heads up seeing all of your like user names, I'm going to call you something else at some point. Oh, did you? Oh, that's cool. Yay. Let's see if the AI wants to be my friend. I'm very lazy when it comes to this kind of stuff and just use all AI stuff
What up, Alex? Even though Alex just as a heads up seeing all of your like user names, I'm going to call you something else at some point. Oh, did you? Oh, that's cool. Yay. Let's see if the AI wants to be my friend. I'm very lazy when it comes to this kind of stuff and just use all AI stuff AI, generally, wait, you just came back. Shorten. Oh, what's the AI generator doing? Do you do? Do you? Well, it's thinking. I think it is thinking. Let's do this 20 minute playlist and see what copyrights decide to argue with me. So, I'm hoping I can change
AI, generally, wait, you just came back. Shorten. Oh, what's the AI generator doing? Do you do? Do you? Well, it's thinking. I think it is thinking. Let's do this 20 minute playlist and see what copyrights decide to argue with me. So, I'm hoping I can change Zero, did you work at GoDaddy? That's a very random question. But I wonder if that's how we know each other. Yes, okay. I know. Okay, so did I. So that maybe that's where I don't know. GoDaddy was such so many people that worked there that it's hard to say if like where the overlaps were
Zero, did you work at GoDaddy? That's a very random question. But I wonder if that's how we know each other. Yes, okay. I know. Okay, so did I. So that maybe that's where I don't know. GoDaddy was such so many people that worked there that it's hard to say if like where the overlaps were That and I have a horrible memory. Do you? And right. A tweet about. Do do do do. So in chat, GPT, I don't know if y'all knew this, but you can tell it some custom instructions, which is lovely and creepy all at the same time
That and I have a horrible memory. Do you? And right. A tweet about. Do do do do. So in chat, GPT, I don't know if y'all knew this, but you can tell it some custom instructions, which is lovely and creepy all at the same time So in these custom instructions, I uploaded some of my blogs that I've written so it knows how I talk, which is lovely. Like, it's just so much fun because it writes things in my language. Right. It's crazy how smart it is. I love it. Almost hate it, but it gets me unstuck for a lot of things
So in these custom instructions, I uploaded some of my blogs that I've written so it knows how I talk, which is lovely. Like, it's just so much fun because it writes things in my language. Right. It's crazy how smart it is. I love it. Almost hate it, but it gets me unstuck for a lot of things So it took, it's taking me like five minutes to write this. And instead of like half an hour trying to figure out how to minimize it. You should try to figure out. You're in. Wow, I can spell Aaron. Kissed me. Yes, you were way too long, but that's okay. You're in. What is your
So it took, it's taking me like five minutes to write this. And instead of like half an hour trying to figure out how to minimize it. You should try to figure out. You're in. Wow, I can spell Aaron. Kissed me. Yes, you were way too long, but that's okay. You're in. What is your What is your. You never remember it. You do do. Yes, I'm totally looking at this one off screen. I've learned that lesson. It's not worth it. Do you look at this stuff if you have like DMs open? You definitely could be awkward. Is awkward? Could be awkward? All of the above. Sweet
What is your. You never remember it. You do do. Yes, I'm totally looking at this one off screen. I've learned that lesson. It's not worth it. Do you look at this stuff if you have like DMs open? You definitely could be awkward. Is awkward? Could be awkward? All of the above. Sweet Sweet. I hope you have a cool client. And Alex, if you are still hanging out a bit, what jobs are you looking for? Oh, I can do it. I have glasses on. I'm like, I don't know, arms length away from it. I set really close. I am going to be working on the next project soon. I'm getting these posted
Sweet. I hope you have a cool client. And Alex, if you are still hanging out a bit, what jobs are you looking for? Oh, I can do it. I have glasses on. I'm like, I don't know, arms length away from it. I set really close. I am going to be working on the next project soon. I'm getting these posted But thank you for the call out. They are really small. Oh, okay, that one's really big. And this one, when we get to it, I'll be able to like super, actually, me do this. The tablet needs to move. There. So when we get to that, it will be much bigger. Okay. To be easier to read at that point
But thank you for the call out. They are really small. Oh, okay, that one's really big. And this one, when we get to it, I'll be able to like super, actually, me do this. The tablet needs to move. There. So when we get to that, it will be much bigger. Okay. To be easier to read at that point We get examples now. I don't know if this is good example. Like, I'm a little worried. Oh, yeah. Thank you. Does it look better now? And are you watching on mobile or on desktop? Oh, yeah. This is also just taking off way too much room
We get examples now. I don't know if this is good example. Like, I'm a little worried. Oh, yeah. Thank you. Does it look better now? And are you watching on mobile or on desktop? Oh, yeah. This is also just taking off way too much room I am working on some social posts because I went to go check out. You don't need this one. Um, uh, saw a copyright issue. And then I was like, oh, yeah, I didn't actually get this posted. So I should do that really quick. Use cup and paste this one
I am working on some social posts because I went to go check out. You don't need this one. Um, uh, saw a copyright issue. And then I was like, oh, yeah, I didn't actually get this posted. So I should do that really quick. Use cup and paste this one Lean Den will just be special and have its own special one. There. And I'm using a tool called buffer, even though a minute ago, I couldn't remember what they were called. And they're scheduled. And now I can actually move on. Yay. And we will get this much larger
Lean Den will just be special and have its own special one. There. And I'm using a tool called buffer, even though a minute ago, I couldn't remember what they were called. And they're scheduled. And now I can actually move on. Yay. And we will get this much larger Also, this is one of those like herb screens that I'm like, I'm pretty sure people, like it's so big that I'm like, maybe I shouldn't use this screen as my streaming screen, but you mean bigger? Oh, wrong screen, wrong one, wrong one
Also, this is one of those like herb screens that I'm like, I'm pretty sure people, like it's so big that I'm like, maybe I shouldn't use this screen as my streaming screen, but you mean bigger? Oh, wrong screen, wrong one, wrong one So what we got going on here is I stream with Josh, the author of this book, which I believe I can do a shout out on here. Y'all should definitely go follow Josh of he's been coming on the stream for oh gosh, almost a year now. And yes, uh, oh, ew, oh, that's a hard one pseudo
So what we got going on here is I stream with Josh, the author of this book, which I believe I can do a shout out on here. Y'all should definitely go follow Josh of he's been coming on the stream for oh gosh, almost a year now. And yes, uh, oh, ew, oh, that's a hard one pseudo Like, that's a, that's rough. Because we've been doing this for like two or almost a year, we have seven episodes. And I haven't done the homework. I'm also not always the best at remembering to do the homework
Like, that's a, that's rough. Because we've been doing this for like two or almost a year, we have seven episodes. And I haven't done the homework. I'm also not always the best at remembering to do the homework So if you want to check out the seven episodes, we've found so far a chapter per episode. That is here. And yeah, I'm skipping chapter one. So I have the summary
So if you want to check out the seven episodes, we've found so far a chapter per episode. That is here. And yeah, I'm skipping chapter one. So I have the summary I'm going to go through the summaries of each of these first and then go to the homework after I look through the summary, but I am skipping chapter one. Chapter one has what I hate the most. Hate the most classes. I don't understand them yet. So I'm just skipping chapter one homework
I'm going to go through the summaries of each of these first and then go to the homework after I look through the summary, but I am skipping chapter one. Chapter one has what I hate the most. Hate the most classes. I don't understand them yet. So I'm just skipping chapter one homework Uh, oh, okay. That works, pseudo. Well, if you need anybody to look at, um, yeah, you want to come on the stream and teach me classes, you can't not this stream, but you know, hit me up. I do, oh, I have a new link you can fill out. I just transferred everything over to Monday
Uh, oh, okay. That works, pseudo. Well, if you need anybody to look at, um, yeah, you want to come on the stream and teach me classes, you can't not this stream, but you know, hit me up. I do, oh, I have a new link you can fill out. I just transferred everything over to Mondaycom and actually have it where people can fill out their information and I can get them scheduled. So I can show you guys the form though. That's okay. That's safe. It's very easy. It's just getting all your information and then we'll get something scheduled. So let me put that
com and actually have it where people can fill out their information and I can get them scheduled. So I can show you guys the form though. That's okay. That's safe. It's very easy. It's just getting all your information and then we'll get something scheduled. So let me put that So let me put that. I'll put the form here. Have you, are you in our, uh, OSRG discord? I feel like I never know where anybody is. Just talking to zero about that. Zero and I are friends from Instagram. I mean, nothing. Well, if you decide to join, this is where I put a lot of the updates. Oh, yay
So let me put that. I'll put the form here. Have you, are you in our, uh, OSRG discord? I feel like I never know where anybody is. Just talking to zero about that. Zero and I are friends from Instagram. I mean, nothing. Well, if you decide to join, this is where I put a lot of the updates. Oh, yay Oh, yay. Oh, yay. W.A. Thank you for the follow. If you do decide to join the discord, it's cool because we have it where it's, we also play tabletop games. So it is, it's a fun, right, a guilt to hang out in or discord
Oh, yay. Oh, yay. W.A. Thank you for the follow. If you do decide to join the discord, it's cool because we have it where it's, we also play tabletop games. So it is, it's a fun, right, a guilt to hang out in or discord But it's where I put all of my updates and streams, which I should be copying, pasting in there as well. I'm not yet, but I will. And we also, I have a show called Shit You Don't Want to Talk About and I put that kind of stuff in there too
But it's where I put all of my updates and streams, which I should be copying, pasting in there as well. I'm not yet, but I will. And we also, I have a show called Shit You Don't Want to Talk About and I put that kind of stuff in there too It's been on pause while I get to teach Gen Tech back up and running, but I will get both working. But that's why I'm doing TypeScript is to, uh, do my homework so I can finish building my site because I've been stuck. Oh, see, like, I don't want to sell anybody on it
It's been on pause while I get to teach Gen Tech back up and running, but I will get both working. But that's why I'm doing TypeScript is to, uh, do my homework so I can finish building my site because I've been stuck. Oh, see, like, I don't want to sell anybody on it It's like wherever you find your community, I'm in a shit ton of servers. But this one's like special to my heart. Like, I don't know. It's just the easiest. They're super techy people in this discord that make me level up. And it's one of my favorite things is as a newbie
It's like wherever you find your community, I'm in a shit ton of servers. But this one's like special to my heart. Like, I don't know. It's just the easiest. They're super techy people in this discord that make me level up. And it's one of my favorite things is as a newbie They've been very patient with me and have learned to help me gauge on, okay, am I just really stuck and I need somebody to help me give me the answer or push back on like, no, Jen, go figure it out yourself. So it's like a mixture of the two. So I really appreciate them
They've been very patient with me and have learned to help me gauge on, okay, am I just really stuck and I need somebody to help me give me the answer or push back on like, no, Jen, go figure it out yourself. So it's like a mixture of the two. So I really appreciate them And that's why I love it because I get to talk about mental health and tech newbeness and super techy people. And we're playing the expanse, which is fun. I love it. It's like a, if you have it, have you all seen the expanse or read the books? Oh, so I can..
And that's why I love it because I get to talk about mental health and tech newbeness and super techy people. And we're playing the expanse, which is fun. I love it. It's like a, if you have it, have you all seen the expanse or read the books? Oh, so I can.... Yay! I don't know if my mouse just died. Right? Why did you disconnect? Did you just die? Why? Hmm, okay. Momentary pause of... Apparently I didn't realize my thing was in charging and I need to find... aha, there's a charger. My very messy desk. So messy. Okay, see if that works
.. Yay! I don't know if my mouse just died. Right? Why did you disconnect? Did you just die? Why? Hmm, okay. Momentary pause of... Apparently I didn't realize my thing was in charging and I need to find... aha, there's a charger. My very messy desk. So messy. Okay, see if that works I'm gonna plug that. Should work here, Mom and Kelly. I'll awkwardly use my laptop for now. And go say hi really quick. Yay! Oh, damn, you got like a full copy and paste bio. That is cool and smart. Wait, bye. Okay, that is smart. I'm like totally smart
I'm gonna plug that. Should work here, Mom and Kelly. I'll awkwardly use my laptop for now. And go say hi really quick. Yay! Oh, damn, you got like a full copy and paste bio. That is cool and smart. Wait, bye. Okay, that is smart. I'm like totally smart I'm gonna leave it there and other people will reply to you and say hi. Yay! That's exciting. Thank you. Okay, so I... But yes, if you want to come teach me classes, like let's connect because um..
I'm gonna leave it there and other people will reply to you and say hi. Yay! That's exciting. Thank you. Okay, so I... But yes, if you want to come teach me classes, like let's connect because um.... Have you ever heard of Josha or this book learning TypeScript? I have mine like inverted right now, but I have it on dark mode. Need to do, I'm gonna go to chapters. Chapter, chapter, chapter. Okay. Okay, okay. This book, definitely worthwhile
.. Have you ever heard of Josha or this book learning TypeScript? I have mine like inverted right now, but I have it on dark mode. Need to do, I'm gonna go to chapters. Chapter, chapter, chapter. Okay. Okay, okay. This book, definitely worthwhile Um, because it talks about like what we've gone through so far. And let me make this one. Oh yeah, it smells isn't working. You gotta use this one. Make this one bigger so you can see it. Is we've been going through..
Um, because it talks about like what we've gone through so far. And let me make this one. Oh yeah, it smells isn't working. You gotta use this one. Make this one bigger so you can see it. Is we've been going through.... Yes, it's a table of contents of this book, but we've gone through part one which went through um like the very beginning of TypeScript to the Type System, Unions and Literals, Objects, Functions, Arrays, oh my gosh, Interfaces
.. Yes, it's a table of contents of this book, but we've gone through part one which went through um like the very beginning of TypeScript to the Type System, Unions and Literals, Objects, Functions, Arrays, oh my gosh, Interfaces And we've done this over the last year and then top next is classes, which Josh was like, yo, we can totally go through this chapter or we could skip it, but maybe you should have someone on the show about classes
And we've done this over the last year and then top next is classes, which Josh was like, yo, we can totally go through this chapter or we could skip it, but maybe you should have someone on the show about classes And when we were going through this, we realized that chapter one homework had classes in it and that is that is why I'm skipping it. And let me go back to finding the correct chapter that I was on. Chapter is us. So summary of chapter one before I go look at homework for the other one
And when we were going through this, we realized that chapter one homework had classes in it and that is that is why I'm skipping it. And let me go back to finding the correct chapter that I was on. Chapter is us. So summary of chapter one before I go look at homework for the other one It's just a brief history of JavaScript, the pitfalls of... I think this is really smart because it's like the costly freedom, uh documentation and development tooling. I think it's been very interesting and pseudo just to give you a heads up and any like for background for everybody else too
It's just a brief history of JavaScript, the pitfalls of... I think this is really smart because it's like the costly freedom, uh documentation and development tooling. I think it's been very interesting and pseudo just to give you a heads up and any like for background for everybody else too I as much as I know about JavaScript, I know about TypeScript because I've been learning them at the same time where a lot of people are like, yeah, you should know JavaScript first. Even Josh was like, yeah, you should probably know JavaScript first
I as much as I know about JavaScript, I know about TypeScript because I've been learning them at the same time where a lot of people are like, yeah, you should know JavaScript first. Even Josh was like, yeah, you should probably know JavaScript first I, you know, like to do things the hard way apparently and have been learning this as I go, which has been very great because Josh has been very patient with helping me figure out, is this a JavaScript thing or a TypeScript which I'm very, very grateful for
I, you know, like to do things the hard way apparently and have been learning this as I go, which has been very great because Josh has been very patient with helping me figure out, is this a JavaScript thing or a TypeScript which I'm very, very grateful for So some of the what is TypeScript of the language, the TypeChecker compiler and language service, the advantages, which I think is pretty self-explanatory, but I like that he put freedom through restriction and I'm like, it's true, it brings structure
So some of the what is TypeScript of the language, the TypeChecker compiler and language service, the advantages, which I think is pretty self-explanatory, but I like that he put freedom through restriction and I'm like, it's true, it brings structure I have a talk coming out next week about that and then write some code and what TypeScript is not, it's not a remedy for bad code like if you don't know what you're doing, it's not going to get any better. You're still not going to know what you're doing, which is lovely
I have a talk coming out next week about that and then write some code and what TypeScript is not, it's not a remedy for bad code like if you don't know what you're doing, it's not going to get any better. You're still not going to know what you're doing, which is lovely It's such a wonderful experience and then extensions to JavaScript. It's not slower to JavaScript and it's not done and some of the favorite parts of the book are there's like little funny things in them. What happens if you spot errors running in TypeScript compiler? You better go catch them
It's such a wonderful experience and then extensions to JavaScript. It's not slower to JavaScript and it's not done and some of the favorite parts of the book are there's like little funny things in them. What happens if you spot errors running in TypeScript compiler? You better go catch them Okay, this is why I told Josh that I can get through his book because there's funny and funny things and I've been using my iPad to go through this and take notes. So chapter two, the Type System, you can kind of see that happening of JavaScript's power comes from flexibility. Be careful with that
Okay, this is why I told Josh that I can get through his book because there's funny and funny things and I've been using my iPad to go through this and take notes. So chapter two, the Type System, you can kind of see that happening of JavaScript's power comes from flexibility. Be careful with that I just like think they're so fun. They're so fun. But okay, I'm going to mute myself while the dog decides to go a little bananas. Maybe. Is she done? No, no, she's not. BRB on mute. Hopefully, it really dude. Okay, BRBL, I'm going to go see if I can get the dog to suspect
I just like think they're so fun. They're so fun. But okay, I'm going to mute myself while the dog decides to go a little bananas. Maybe. Is she done? No, no, she's not. BRB on mute. Hopefully, it really dude. Okay, BRBL, I'm going to go see if I can get the dog to suspect Okay, I think we're good. And just to go back here. Do you need you? So, pseudo-use stream and I'm curious, do you have any pets? Because I'm just like how many people does this happen to where it's like your animal is inevitably going to like be super annoyed
Okay, I think we're good. And just to go back here. Do you need you? So, pseudo-use stream and I'm curious, do you have any pets? Because I'm just like how many people does this happen to where it's like your animal is inevitably going to like be super annoyed Why I saw in your intro that you definitely work a ton, is that a big reason why you don't stream a lot? Okay, I'm not going to go through the entire chapter. But we have it here when we need it. I'm going to go here. I'm going to make this even bigger. Projects
Why I saw in your intro that you definitely work a ton, is that a big reason why you don't stream a lot? Okay, I'm not going to go through the entire chapter. But we have it here when we need it. I'm going to go here. I'm going to make this even bigger. Projects Projects. And if anyone wants to follow along, I have this is Josh's site or the book site. Okay. Oh yeah, I totally... I get that. I totally get that
Projects. And if anyone wants to follow along, I have this is Josh's site or the book site. Okay. Oh yeah, I totally... I get that. I totally get that I totally get that. For those watching back on the playback or just joining the conversation, a bit about like streaming on Twitch or being able to get followers is something I'm not great at. Because you need consistency. Consistency on like times and like Twitch gets happy and we'll show up
I totally get that. For those watching back on the playback or just joining the conversation, a bit about like streaming on Twitch or being able to get followers is something I'm not great at. Because you need consistency. Consistency on like times and like Twitch gets happy and we'll show up If you stream at the same time every week. And it's hard to do that. Like it is difficult to always do that no matter what. And even for me, if I have a guest, if I don't have a guest or if I just don't have the mental capacity to do it, it's a big reason my other show got put on the back burner
If you stream at the same time every week. And it's hard to do that. Like it is difficult to always do that no matter what. And even for me, if I have a guest, if I don't have a guest or if I just don't have the mental capacity to do it, it's a big reason my other show got put on the back burner And I feel it's a balance. And I think a lot of people don't get that unless you have done content creation or have live streamed because people, at least from talking to people, I found that they're like, yo, like you don't, like you just get a talk and hang out. And it's like, yes, I do
And I feel it's a balance. And I think a lot of people don't get that unless you have done content creation or have live streamed because people, at least from talking to people, I found that they're like, yo, like you don't, like you just get a talk and hang out. And it's like, yes, I do And it's so fun. But it's also a lot of energy because it's not me just sitting in bed napping, cuddling with the dog. So yes. And for networking pseudo, is there like anyone or any job in particular, you're like, I really want to meet this person. Curious. Because networking is so vital
And it's so fun. But it's also a lot of energy because it's not me just sitting in bed napping, cuddling with the dog. So yes. And for networking pseudo, is there like anyone or any job in particular, you're like, I really want to meet this person. Curious. Because networking is so vital And it's definitely not like the only place where you will or won't like get a job, but it helps so much. Incredible amount. And I'm currently trying to like find out more about slush, but I need to focus focus focus focus. We need to do system of the clown. That is very silly Josh
And it's definitely not like the only place where you will or won't like get a job, but it helps so much. Incredible amount. And I'm currently trying to like find out more about slush, but I need to focus focus focus focus. We need to do system of the clown. That is very silly Josh Josh isn't here, but I'm still going to tell him how silly it is. Okay. And yes, y'all as I heads up, I'm going to awkwardly read some of this out loud because if I don't, I will skip words and letters and that's what I do and why I hate dogs so much. But hey, practice practice practice practice
Josh isn't here, but I'm still going to tell him how silly it is. Okay. And yes, y'all as I heads up, I'm going to awkwardly read some of this out loud because if I don't, I will skip words and letters and that's what I do and why I hate dogs so much. But hey, practice practice practice practice That totally makes sense, pseudo. I agree with that. For me, I guess like one person I really want to meet that I feel like I would I'm going to stutter one day when I meet her. It's just I'm going to book out. You're so cool. I don't know what to say to you is Arlene Hamilton. Arlene Hamilton
That totally makes sense, pseudo. I agree with that. For me, I guess like one person I really want to meet that I feel like I would I'm going to stutter one day when I meet her. It's just I'm going to book out. You're so cool. I don't know what to say to you is Arlene Hamilton. Arlene Hamilton Arlene Hamilton. Yeah, see, I Google her way too much. This is Arlene. Okay, so anyone was curious and know her. You should be friends. And I would like to be friends too. She wrote this book it's about damn time. And I this may be a horrible paraphrase
Arlene Hamilton. Yeah, see, I Google her way too much. This is Arlene. Okay, so anyone was curious and know her. You should be friends. And I would like to be friends too. She wrote this book it's about damn time. And I this may be a horrible paraphrase It's talking about her experience from knowing that she wants to go out and do more to like she was living like she was homeless for a bit. And then working her ass off through networking through learning through doing so much to starting backstage capital when she wanted to go into VC funding
It's talking about her experience from knowing that she wants to go out and do more to like she was living like she was homeless for a bit. And then working her ass off through networking through learning through doing so much to starting backstage capital when she wanted to go into VC funding And it's just so cool. And then there's like she was a band manager for a while and traveled with me. I'm just yeah. There's so much. And hi Anthony. I'm going to meet her someday. We're going to be friends. Well, that sounds really creepy, but I do want to be friends. But yeah, that is Arlene
And it's just so cool. And then there's like she was a band manager for a while and traveled with me. I'm just yeah. There's so much. And hi Anthony. I'm going to meet her someday. We're going to be friends. Well, that sounds really creepy, but I do want to be friends. But yeah, that is Arlene In case anybody would like to go be friends with Arlene. You guys are just going to get the whole Google search so you can search it yourself later about how amazing. And pseudo, that's somebody that you could connect with is Anthony. Yeah, Anthony, I'm just fallen, fallen telling you
In case anybody would like to go be friends with Arlene. You guys are just going to get the whole Google search so you can search it yourself later about how amazing. And pseudo, that's somebody that you could connect with is Anthony. Yeah, Anthony, I'm just fallen, fallen telling you Anthony is my internet big brother, which congratulations you got married. I've been telling everybody. Yeah, I know Anthony. You don't connect with anyone. He's sarcastic. I mean, yeah, if you want to see, oh Anthony, well, a lot of people are a part of the talk. I just, I'm doing. Yeah
Anthony is my internet big brother, which congratulations you got married. I've been telling everybody. Yeah, I know Anthony. You don't connect with anyone. He's sarcastic. I mean, yeah, if you want to see, oh Anthony, well, a lot of people are a part of the talk. I just, I'm doing. Yeah Yeah. This is a problem with me live streaming by myself is I get really distracted. That's okay. We are going to edit it. So you guys can see it. Different pieces. You don't get to see the whole thing. You got to like go to the the talk
Yeah. This is a problem with me live streaming by myself is I get really distracted. That's okay. We are going to edit it. So you guys can see it. Different pieces. You don't get to see the whole thing. You got to like go to the the talk Yeah, Anthony, aren't you part of OSRG as well? You introduced me to everybody. So you should be. Yay. Okay. Look, look, look, I have a clip in this talk from my very first stream with the Gary and then oh, we're coming fear of mistakes. Just kidding. Making mistakes. And then it's Anthony
Yeah, Anthony, aren't you part of OSRG as well? You introduced me to everybody. So you should be. Yay. Okay. Look, look, look, I have a clip in this talk from my very first stream with the Gary and then oh, we're coming fear of mistakes. Just kidding. Making mistakes. And then it's Anthony I'm very excited about this. Anthony, do you know what clip this is? Like just by looking at it, do you remember what clip this is? I'm curious. Yep. Yep. Yes. Yay. And then I have Jay in here. And then I have Josh in here. Oh, I got Laura too. I need to tell Laura that she's in this talk
I'm very excited about this. Anthony, do you know what clip this is? Like just by looking at it, do you remember what clip this is? I'm curious. Yep. Yep. Yes. Yay. And then I have Jay in here. And then I have Josh in here. Oh, I got Laura too. I need to tell Laura that she's in this talk It's funny. I talk about Laura a lot, but I haven't talked to her in a while. Yes, this is a very fast scroll through of this talk about learning typescript too. And look, it's from last week. And apparently we're in the same shirt I was wearing last week on Tuesday. This might be my Tuesday shirt
It's funny. I talk about Laura a lot, but I haven't talked to her in a while. Yes, this is a very fast scroll through of this talk about learning typescript too. And look, it's from last week. And apparently we're in the same shirt I was wearing last week on Tuesday. This might be my Tuesday shirt I'm not sure. And yeah. So there's a clip from Josh. Is that right? I don't think there's any more clips. No. We. Oh, what is that? Oh, interesting. I don't know if I could do that. But it's cool. I also. Maybe I think it could be good practice. It could be good practice. But I do need to do this
I'm not sure. And yeah. So there's a clip from Josh. Is that right? I don't think there's any more clips. No. We. Oh, what is that? Oh, interesting. I don't know if I could do that. But it's cool. I also. Maybe I think it could be good practice. It could be good practice. But I do need to do this What up, Nami? And you are using it for your talk? Do you? How easy is it to do this? Y'all, you are distracting me with all the good info and curiosities. We need to stick to this. I kind of stick to this. I kind of get through at least one chapter. Okay. Easy. Subjective. That is so true
What up, Nami? And you are using it for your talk? Do you? How easy is it to do this? Y'all, you are distracting me with all the good info and curiosities. We need to stick to this. I kind of stick to this. I kind of get through at least one chapter. Okay. Easy. Subjective. That is so true That is so true. It is so true. I just started doing Moitai. And yesterday was my third day. And I was like, I cannot get the like movements. Like what the teacher kept telling me I was trying to do, but my body was not doing what I thought I was doing. And it was really funny
That is so true. It is so true. I just started doing Moitai. And yesterday was my third day. And I was like, I cannot get the like movements. Like what the teacher kept telling me I was trying to do, but my body was not doing what I thought I was doing. And it was really funny And he was just like, you know, if I try to go swim right now, I can't really swim. It's not going to get any better each time if I don't keep trying it. And I was like, oh, thanks. Maybe feel better because I just started learning swim too. And I am getting better. Okay
And he was just like, you know, if I try to go swim right now, I can't really swim. It's not going to get any better each time if I don't keep trying it. And I was like, oh, thanks. Maybe feel better because I just started learning swim too. And I am getting better. Okay Okay. System of a clown, a learning TypeScript type system appetizer project. You'll practice adding in TypeScript type annotations to JavaScript code to find bucks. Please help me. Help me please. See, look, I'm like already reading it backwards. Help me please
Okay. System of a clown, a learning TypeScript type system appetizer project. You'll practice adding in TypeScript type annotations to JavaScript code to find bucks. Please help me. Help me please. See, look, I'm like already reading it backwards. Help me please Help me please. I had planned an elaborate clown theme surprise party for my best friend. The whole event was planned with using a few files of TypeScript code I've written. My friends somehow caught wind of the party and enlisted the clown top to vandalize the program
Help me please. I had planned an elaborate clown theme surprise party for my best friend. The whole event was planned with using a few files of TypeScript code I've written. My friends somehow caught wind of the party and enlisted the clown top to vandalize the program Not only did the clowns remove or make incorrect my TypeScript type annotations, they introduced subtle bugs by suddenly changing some of the values. Could you please add correct type annotations in the files and fix any bugs detected in my TypeScript, your my surprise clown celebrations last hope
Not only did the clowns remove or make incorrect my TypeScript type annotations, they introduced subtle bugs by suddenly changing some of the values. Could you please add correct type annotations in the files and fix any bugs detected in my TypeScript, your my surprise clown celebrations last hope And I really just want to say, Josh, like why so creepy? Data structures and algorithms. Oh, what part of data structures? Who do we need to have on the show? And algorithms
And I really just want to say, Josh, like why so creepy? Data structures and algorithms. Oh, what part of data structures? Who do we need to have on the show? And algorithms I don't do a lot of algorithms, but I mean, between all the people's, we could find people to be on the show about algorithms. That would be, we could definitely do that. So many notifications. I hear things. That's a. Sorry, I just said I hear things. It's like I hear a ghost. It's my sixth set
I don't do a lot of algorithms, but I mean, between all the people's, we could find people to be on the show about algorithms. That would be, we could definitely do that. So many notifications. I hear things. That's a. Sorry, I just said I hear things. It's like I hear a ghost. It's my sixth set It's my sixth set. Okay. Too distracted. Oh, that's true, Anthony. Consistency and try to solve a few things each day. Why we're doing this? I don't think I've set that up yet. Oh my god, I have so many reboes that I don't use. I think it's well, that's weird. And there we go. Planting TypeScript
It's my sixth set. Okay. Too distracted. Oh, that's true, Anthony. Consistency and try to solve a few things each day. Why we're doing this? I don't think I've set that up yet. Oh my god, I have so many reboes that I don't use. I think it's well, that's weird. And there we go. Planting TypeScript What? Oh, wow, I haven't updated this in a hot minute. And I didn't put all the other stuff in here. Well, let's do that. We don't need Canva. I'm going to put this in different browsers so I don't close it. Like, it was from eight months ago when we were working on chapter two
What? Oh, wow, I haven't updated this in a hot minute. And I didn't put all the other stuff in here. Well, let's do that. We don't need Canva. I'm going to put this in different browsers so I don't close it. Like, it was from eight months ago when we were working on chapter two Oh, on February 3rd. Okay, that's pretty cool. And so if I want to do these, and do these, y'all, I haven't done this in a hot minute. Because I know I want to fork it, but I want to put it in this repo. So I would fork this. I'm going to think this one through. And then upload to here. I think
Oh, on February 3rd. Okay, that's pretty cool. And so if I want to do these, and do these, y'all, I haven't done this in a hot minute. Because I know I want to fork it, but I want to put it in this repo. So I would fork this. I'm going to think this one through. And then upload to here. I think I think. I think. I don't know. Let's try it. Let's uh. Don't fork it as much as I just want to local. I need to clone it. Or do I fork it? My hat hurts. Um. Yeah, I just want to copy it. Okay, cool. That's, thank you. Yeah. And then when I upload it, I can upload it to here. Wait
I think. I think. I don't know. Let's try it. Let's uh. Don't fork it as much as I just want to local. I need to clone it. Or do I fork it? My hat hurts. Um. Yeah, I just want to copy it. Okay, cool. That's, thank you. Yeah. And then when I upload it, I can upload it to here. Wait Wait. So I want to put the copy in here. So if I download it, I can just move the files manually. It'll be fine. We'll figure it out. It'll, it'll be great. It's going to be. This is why I need to do this more often. Because my work has been mostly not this stuff for a while. Okay, cool
Wait. So I want to put the copy in here. So if I download it, I can just move the files manually. It'll be fine. We'll figure it out. It'll, it'll be great. It's going to be. This is why I need to do this more often. Because my work has been mostly not this stuff for a while. Okay, cool Okay, cool. And I'm also going to. Copy this one. You can't miss it in the way. Okay, cool. And then. Do weird shit over here. Why does it sound so? And then projects. I don't like if I just put projects in there. Should work. I don't think so. I don't know. We're going to feel it
Okay, cool. And I'm also going to. Copy this one. You can't miss it in the way. Okay, cool. And then. Do weird shit over here. Why does it sound so? And then projects. I don't like if I just put projects in there. Should work. I don't think so. I don't know. We're going to feel it Find out if I just broke shit. And I call what is this we call? Learning to create. And let me, if you're still there, have you already gone back to work? Because I thought you guys were like going on a honeymoon and stuff. And I'm like, you've been online a lot. Oh, okay. Oh, that's so fun
Find out if I just broke shit. And I call what is this we call? Learning to create. And let me, if you're still there, have you already gone back to work? Because I thought you guys were like going on a honeymoon and stuff. And I'm like, you've been online a lot. Oh, okay. Oh, that's so fun Oh, that's so fun. How long are you guys going to be in Italy? Okay. Oh, you want to do this? Yay. And. We are going to update us. We are. I'm going to say. I mean, I've script. How do I dox? What part of. Billy, are you going to? Are you not letting me commit? Oh, my god
Oh, that's so fun. How long are you guys going to be in Italy? Okay. Oh, you want to do this? Yay. And. We are going to update us. We are. I'm going to say. I mean, I've script. How do I dox? What part of. Billy, are you going to? Are you not letting me commit? Oh, my god Why do you look so weird? Come on. Oh, fun. Oh, can you not going to be. There we go, maybe. Now put projects within it. So why is it not uploading? I'm going to figure this out. At the moment I really hate you. What the bluerner? Changes. Okay, maybe that will tell you to stop being so weird
Why do you look so weird? Come on. Oh, fun. Oh, can you not going to be. There we go, maybe. Now put projects within it. So why is it not uploading? I'm going to figure this out. At the moment I really hate you. What the bluerner? Changes. Okay, maybe that will tell you to stop being so weird I uploaded the folder so I don't understand why you're telling me that it hasn't updated at anything. Okay, look, it's there. And there's a raid week. Fine, we will update something on the raid week to see if you want to play nice. I don't mind me y'all. I'm just being grumpy at the computer
I uploaded the folder so I don't understand why you're telling me that it hasn't updated at anything. Okay, look, it's there. And there's a raid week. Fine, we will update something on the raid week to see if you want to play nice. I don't mind me y'all. I'm just being grumpy at the computer Yay! I'm happy you're here, learner. And I hope this new time works out for you. I'm trying to be consistent about them. Not always the easiest, but I'm going to start having guests again in October
Yay! I'm happy you're here, learner. And I hope this new time works out for you. I'm trying to be consistent about them. Not always the easiest, but I'm going to start having guests again in October Most of the streams this month are going to be my streams for just getting this setup and my going through all of these chapters and getting my website setup. It's a big reason I'm doing these ones. But I guess we can update this to see if it decides it wants to. I mean, no
Most of the streams this month are going to be my streams for just getting this setup and my going through all of these chapters and getting my website setup. It's a big reason I'm doing these ones. But I guess we can update this to see if it decides it wants to. I mean, no I mean, no. Because we've gone through chapter. Gosh. We just completed chapter seven. It must pace this million times so we can put. I don't think I need that many, but let's see. Chapter three. Not 32. Chapter four. Chapter five. Chapter six. Chapter seven. Yay! Chapter seven. Thanks, Anthony
I mean, no. Because we've gone through chapter. Gosh. We just completed chapter seven. It must pace this million times so we can put. I don't think I need that many, but let's see. Chapter three. Not 32. Chapter four. Chapter five. Chapter six. Chapter seven. Yay! Chapter seven. Thanks, Anthony Thanks, Anthony. Learner, what do you want to learn about next? Or, hey, Anthony, do you know algorithms? We can work on those. Learner, what is something you want to learn? So that way I have it on the show. Okay. We're updating this because this sounds more fun. And I got stuck
Thanks, Anthony. Learner, what do you want to learn about next? Or, hey, Anthony, do you know algorithms? We can work on those. Learner, what is something you want to learn? So that way I have it on the show. Okay. We're updating this because this sounds more fun. And I got stuck And I got stuck. So I'm just going to update all these. What? Yay, learner. What's the test for? Let's see. You can update that text as well. And get these. I like we need to do the live stream and then the project. And let's do summary bullet points. I feel like I was just here. Here we go
And I got stuck. So I'm just going to update all these. What? Yay, learner. What's the test for? Let's see. You can update that text as well. And get these. I like we need to do the live stream and then the project. And let's do summary bullet points. I feel like I was just here. Here we go Here we go. Oh, is it OOP? Because all I read was like, you're somebody's going to go, oops. I haven't done that yet. I can't say that my stream is going to be the most searchable at the moment because I haven't. I feel like not that. I don't know. Hmm. Hmm
Here we go. Oh, is it OOP? Because all I read was like, you're somebody's going to go, oops. I haven't done that yet. I can't say that my stream is going to be the most searchable at the moment because I haven't. I feel like not that. I don't know. Hmm. Hmm Hmm. Hmm. I feel like I've talked about it, but maybe not. Okay. We need to go here. Oh, hey. I am. Yes, y'all. I am totally copy and pasting this, but we're going to ask Josh if he cares. If he does, I will delete it. But it is to help with his stuff too. So hopefully not
Hmm. Hmm. I feel like I've talked about it, but maybe not. Okay. We need to go here. Oh, hey. I am. Yes, y'all. I am totally copy and pasting this, but we're going to ask Josh if he cares. If he does, I will delete it. But it is to help with his stuff too. So hopefully not So hopefully not. Maybe I should hit him up and be like, yo, I know you're about to go live. But could you like double check this and see what you think? Let's just see if we got this so we can commit now. Why are you not letting me commit? Maybe I didn't say that. There we go. Root
So hopefully not. Maybe I should hit him up and be like, yo, I know you're about to go live. But could you like double check this and see what you think? Let's just see if we got this so we can commit now. Why are you not letting me commit? Maybe I didn't say that. There we go. Root There we go. Root. It's pretty rare to work with purely functional languages unless you're at a company specifically pick something like L or Haxel, but the parrot. Is that technically saying paradigms? But it's parodig and you learn from it or super useful
There we go. Root. It's pretty rare to work with purely functional languages unless you're at a company specifically pick something like L or Haxel, but the parrot. Is that technically saying paradigms? But it's parodig and you learn from it or super useful Is that how you spell paradigms or is that a different word
Is that how you spell paradigms or is that a different word And if anybody wants to know that is the biggest reason that I did not want to start streaming is cuz Okay, so it is paired up is like it doesn't like words words are hard in general, but More specifically because This kind of stuff is rough And do I have for this
And if anybody wants to know that is the biggest reason that I did not want to start streaming is cuz Okay, so it is paired up is like it doesn't like words words are hard in general, but More specifically because This kind of stuff is rough And do I have for this Wait, I just want where I just have I wanted it right here Here we go and Put another emoji Yeah, I'm glad your first work shop went well And Let's rewind this rewrite this wow Let's rewrite this Because this is from a while ago
Wait, I just want where I just have I wanted it right here Here we go and Put another emoji Yeah, I'm glad your first work shop went well And Let's rewind this rewrite this wow Let's rewrite this Because this is from a while ago We'll just Copy all of this and chat to PT be my friend Wait, wrong one Me Right for It come read me description Oh summarize What oh there we go Is it a good idea to build physical fun game ideas for kids intro workshops into tech
We'll just Copy all of this and chat to PT be my friend Wait, wrong one Me Right for It come read me description Oh summarize What oh there we go Is it a good idea to build physical fun game ideas for kids intro workshops into tech I personally think it's a good idea for all ages because It's not something that Doing something like fun with it makes it easier to learn and associate with as well I would say associations are one of the biggest things that helped me I'm curious everybody else's thoughts You Try to like a bit of a group game for the first one and left out turned out yay that's cool This is so tiny Out the episode What's inside
I personally think it's a good idea for all ages because It's not something that Doing something like fun with it makes it easier to learn and associate with as well I would say associations are one of the biggest things that helped me I'm curious everybody else's thoughts You Try to like a bit of a group game for the first one and left out turned out yay that's cool This is so tiny Out the episode What's inside Okay cool You also need to go to Josh's website We have some edits we can make but you're getting somewhere And I will get this done
Okay cool You also need to go to Josh's website We have some edits we can make but you're getting somewhere And I will get this done I will get this chapter done not just prepping everything for it Yeah What are you thinking about doing for your next one learner
I will get this chapter done not just prepping everything for it Yeah What are you thinking about doing for your next one learner You You Yes and You should probably put my first and last name to none We need to do Oh Personally, like us are like my favorite or agami I Used to really love or agami
You You Yes and You should probably put my first and last name to none We need to do Oh Personally, like us are like my favorite or agami I Used to really love or agami I have no idea why I went away from it I've heard I've seen some really cool things with Legos on being able to like Talk about building concepts, but also being able to showcase like Taking away in the building or those type of things Ooh Learner you're doing some cool shit Need I Just do HPS food processor such Think As we don't know On on my full side up so that will work and reading Josh's some website But I don't know if he still has it this way
I have no idea why I went away from it I've heard I've seen some really cool things with Legos on being able to like Talk about building concepts, but also being able to showcase like Taking away in the building or those type of things Ooh Learner you're doing some cool shit Need I Just do HPS food processor such Think As we don't know On on my full side up so that will work and reading Josh's some website But I don't know if he still has it this way Let's find out Hmm So this is Josh's Twitter and If you go to his Twitter and click things like his website because you want to link it to things because that would be really cool and helpful Not Cool not cool Josh only because it's actually really funny and it gets me every time Okay, here is Josh's what's it actually Adrienne yes, I know it's like you can't be mad about it, but it's kind of annoying, but it's really funny and Thank you For the follow Tectronic tech yeah, that's tectronic
Let's find out Hmm So this is Josh's Twitter and If you go to his Twitter and click things like his website because you want to link it to things because that would be really cool and helpful Not Cool not cool Josh only because it's actually really funny and it gets me every time Okay, here is Josh's what's it actually Adrienne yes, I know it's like you can't be mad about it, but it's kind of annoying, but it's really funny and Thank you For the follow Tectronic tech yeah, that's tectronic Okay Just search gold blog and you might find it Maybe Go back to it I was I was on this thing Josh go big I really do want to get to the chapter apparently I should have done all this like set up a bit beforehand but hey It's gonna be done because this is what I'm working on this month ATC And Read me For Josh's Crueval I mean to actually do one more thing You Need to do I tell like somewhere maybe at the bottom Hey You This is some weird verbiage, but we're gonna go with it to give him an example Because that's what we're sending him right now We can go You guys that's fine The last couple workshops you planned are about how to have fun with canvas HTML element
Okay Just search gold blog and you might find it Maybe Go back to it I was I was on this thing Josh go big I really do want to get to the chapter apparently I should have done all this like set up a bit beforehand but hey It's gonna be done because this is what I'm working on this month ATC And Read me For Josh's Crueval I mean to actually do one more thing You Need to do I tell like somewhere maybe at the bottom Hey You This is some weird verbiage, but we're gonna go with it to give him an example Because that's what we're sending him right now We can go You guys that's fine The last couple workshops you planned are about how to have fun with canvas HTML element Oh, that's cool Come here Come here sync Yes, go I Would like to take a screen job at I feel like I could just send him this but Okay, let's send him this you might be streaming right now So we're just gonna go with it and we'll Once he has edits we will update the edits Let me do the shout out here because I mean that's Make part of it Why do you Advise against using it that's interesting oh I can't give Josh another shout out for eight minutes and 19 seconds
Oh, that's cool Come here Come here sync Yes, go I Would like to take a screen job at I feel like I could just send him this but Okay, let's send him this you might be streaming right now So we're just gonna go with it and we'll Once he has edits we will update the edits Let me do the shout out here because I mean that's Make part of it Why do you Advise against using it that's interesting oh I can't give Josh another shout out for eight minutes and 19 seconds I didn't know that was a thing Okay, that's fine. That's fine. We just won't Rude You know Yo, thank you for the follow yay You of eh Oh, I didn't realize this is something. Oh, we got to have Ben back on the show. Maybe it'll let me do a shout out to Ben Myers. Ben
I didn't know that was a thing Okay, that's fine. That's fine. We just won't Rude You know Yo, thank you for the follow yay You of eh Oh, I didn't realize this is something. Oh, we got to have Ben back on the show. Maybe it'll let me do a shout out to Ben Myers. Ben Ben. I hate that even if I follow them, it doesn't show their full names. Okay, we will work on that in a minute. But he talks a lot about accessibility and they come on to talk about it a lot and it's definitely something that I appreciate. We can take a screen chat, not a movie, not a movie
Ben. I hate that even if I follow them, it doesn't show their full names. Okay, we will work on that in a minute. But he talks a lot about accessibility and they come on to talk about it a lot and it's definitely something that I appreciate. We can take a screen chat, not a movie, not a movie What do any of you have screen captures that you love? Because once I found out that, um, wow, now I'm not even going to remember what it's called, that, what are you called? Why am I speaking what it's called? Snagget. There we go. Snagget is a thing. I, I freaking love snagget
What do any of you have screen captures that you love? Because once I found out that, um, wow, now I'm not even going to remember what it's called, that, what are you called? Why am I speaking what it's called? Snagget. There we go. Snagget is a thing. I, I freaking love snagget It works for so many random things. Because I can go like this and then I can go into snagget and yes, it is very tiny. I know it's very tiny. We will zoom in. There we go. Then we can do little arrows. What up Shane? I am on a Mac, but it doesn't do the same things
It works for so many random things. Because I can go like this and then I can go into snagget and yes, it is very tiny. I know it's very tiny. We will zoom in. There we go. Then we can do little arrows. What up Shane? I am on a Mac, but it doesn't do the same things At least it didn't use to on being able to do this. Oh, it caused too many hours of pain for work of geez. I like it because I can type on it. It copies and pays really easily
At least it didn't use to on being able to do this. Oh, it caused too many hours of pain for work of geez. I like it because I can type on it. It copies and pays really easily Shane, does it let you? Um, like do you comments on it that easy? And learner, what do you guys use instead? Do you use like what the Mac does or something else? The editor, uh, you can draw and note it. That's cool
Shane, does it let you? Um, like do you comments on it that easy? And learner, what do you guys use instead? Do you use like what the Mac does or something else? The editor, uh, you can draw and note it. That's cool That's cool. I started using snagget in like 2020 and you couldn't do that much on Mac stuff yet. At least when when I was trying to do it, it was somebody at an EDU company, at the EDU company. Wow. They made like training programs that showed us me and now it's just like so easy
That's cool. I started using snagget in like 2020 and you couldn't do that much on Mac stuff yet. At least when when I was trying to do it, it was somebody at an EDU company, at the EDU company. Wow. They made like training programs that showed us me and now it's just like so easy And you use snagget on work for windows. Oh, that's cool that there's an open source version. I mean, not snagget per se, but like of that kind of software. That's pretty cool. Okay. Why is this one indented weird? Let's see. I don't sell any one
And you use snagget on work for windows. Oh, that's cool that there's an open source version. I mean, not snagget per se, but like of that kind of software. That's pretty cool. Okay. Why is this one indented weird? Let's see. I don't sell any one Y'all, I realized that I've been streaming for a while when I have to hit play again on my playlist. And I'm still working on getting to what I need to work on. It's cool. It's cool. I will get there eventually. Let's minimize these. So I can see much chapter one. Recording. Recording
Y'all, I realized that I've been streaming for a while when I have to hit play again on my playlist. And I'm still working on getting to what I need to work on. It's cool. It's cool. I will get there eventually. Let's minimize these. So I can see much chapter one. Recording. Recording Recording. Yeah, we'll do that. Yeah. We'll do this. So like I know that I can probably do this in a lot easier way, like you know, filter and paste them. But sometimes just doing it by hand is like yourself is just satisfying. It's weird. I know. Whatever. I'm an odd duck. It's okay
Recording. Yeah, we'll do that. Yeah. We'll do this. So like I know that I can probably do this in a lot easier way, like you know, filter and paste them. But sometimes just doing it by hand is like yourself is just satisfying. It's weird. I know. Whatever. I'm an odd duck. It's okay It's okay. Jane, what are you working on today? So let's start just not taking this on. That's interesting to guys trying to do things with all that. Okay, you know, very smart. Oh, I think that we need to listen to this. Yes, learner, the underrated things are some of the most satisfying. Yes
It's okay. Jane, what are you working on today? So let's start just not taking this on. That's interesting to guys trying to do things with all that. Okay, you know, very smart. Oh, I think that we need to listen to this. Yes, learner, the underrated things are some of the most satisfying. Yes Yes. Work shit building SAP tools on the cloud. Same as always. Okay, is it sad SAP or is it sad SAP? Because I feel like that's that's the biggest ones. SAP, okay. What is the SAP scam for? Shane, what are you coming on the show? I made a new friend today, pseudo. He joined the server
Yes. Work shit building SAP tools on the cloud. Same as always. Okay, is it sad SAP or is it sad SAP? Because I feel like that's that's the biggest ones. SAP, okay. What is the SAP scam for? Shane, what are you coming on the show? I made a new friend today, pseudo. He joined the server They, I should say they join the server because I have no idea who anybody is, but they joined the server and they're going to come on the show. Learner is going to get good Wi-Fi someday. Good Wi-Fi will get to learner. That is what I'm going with
They, I should say they join the server because I have no idea who anybody is, but they joined the server and they're going to come on the show. Learner is going to get good Wi-Fi someday. Good Wi-Fi will get to learner. That is what I'm going with Good Wi-Fi will get to learner and learner will be on the show someday. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Learner, I mean, it might be a little weird, but you don't have to be on camera. Like, you can blur it to you. There's a few options. Thank you for the follow dead frames
Good Wi-Fi will get to learner and learner will be on the show someday. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Learner, I mean, it might be a little weird, but you don't have to be on camera. Like, you can blur it to you. There's a few options. Thank you for the follow dead frames Okay, that's, do you just see some names and you're just like how did what it? Like, I see dead frames and I'm like, is that drops of frames per second? Like, or is it a different kind of frames? Like somebody dropped their glasses? Which by the way, y'all, I ordered new glasses
Okay, that's, do you just see some names and you're just like how did what it? Like, I see dead frames and I'm like, is that drops of frames per second? Like, or is it a different kind of frames? Like somebody dropped their glasses? Which by the way, y'all, I ordered new glasses I finally had my eye doctor appointment and I'm like, I can't order new glasses until I know my prescription hasn't changed that much because I got new glasses and I found out about the transition stuff
I finally had my eye doctor appointment and I'm like, I can't order new glasses until I know my prescription hasn't changed that much because I got new glasses and I found out about the transition stuff And it's weird that I didn't do this until I was like 35 and found out that transitions are really helpful because then I don't have to carry around multiple pairs of sunglasses or glasses. The B, I get more cute pairs and these ones are my favorite glasses, but they do not have transitions
And it's weird that I didn't do this until I was like 35 and found out that transitions are really helpful because then I don't have to carry around multiple pairs of sunglasses or glasses. The B, I get more cute pairs and these ones are my favorite glasses, but they do not have transitions So I have more glasses to throw around to lose around the house. It's going to be great. It can be fantastic. Okay, Josh got back to me. Which of this is a good one? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. You're scared to go to the eye doctor because it became bad, really bad all these years
So I have more glasses to throw around to lose around the house. It's going to be great. It can be fantastic. Okay, Josh got back to me. Which of this is a good one? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. You're scared to go to the eye doctor because it became bad, really bad all these years Last time you went without spectacles was around 18 years back or so. Oh yeah. I don't have horrible vision, but it's definitely something that is tough. I like to think that I can go through life without them, but I can't. And contact. You guys, I don't know if you can see. Okay
Last time you went without spectacles was around 18 years back or so. Oh yeah. I don't have horrible vision, but it's definitely something that is tough. I like to think that I can go through life without them, but I can't. And contact. You guys, I don't know if you can see. Okay Okay. I always get told if I don't wear my glasses that everyone's like, but you look so tired because this is naturally. I just naturally have poofier. Under eyes. Yeah, like no matter what is hereditary, it's stupid. And people who like you look so tired
Okay. I always get told if I don't wear my glasses that everyone's like, but you look so tired because this is naturally. I just naturally have poofier. Under eyes. Yeah, like no matter what is hereditary, it's stupid. And people who like you look so tired Are you sick? So it's almost like I don't want to have LASIC because of this. It was a big thing that when Josh had LASIC and came on the show. That was. A bigger than I wasn't going to have it. Yeah, I would learn her. I wish everybody knew that, but they don't. Okay. Unions. And what are all
Are you sick? So it's almost like I don't want to have LASIC because of this. It was a big thing that when Josh had LASIC and came on the show. That was. A bigger than I wasn't going to have it. Yeah, I would learn her. I wish everybody knew that, but they don't. Okay. Unions. And what are all And what are all. She after three. Oh, that was chapter three. It's only me. Oh, damn. I feel like at least more cool kids are wearing glasses like glasses are for the cool kids now. Not just. They used to have. I personally think they used to have a much bigger stereotype around them
And what are all. She after three. Oh, that was chapter three. It's only me. Oh, damn. I feel like at least more cool kids are wearing glasses like glasses are for the cool kids now. Not just. They used to have. I personally think they used to have a much bigger stereotype around them I love glasses. They're fine. I just. Yeah, I didn't update this. Here we go. It's confusing per moment. Chapter. Why. She after four. Objects. She after five. Unctions. She after seven. Interferences. Oh, no. What's going on, Shane? Tell me. Give me the deets. Give me the deets
I love glasses. They're fine. I just. Yeah, I didn't update this. Here we go. It's confusing per moment. Chapter. Why. She after four. Objects. She after five. Unctions. She after seven. Interferences. Oh, no. What's going on, Shane? Tell me. Give me the deets. Give me the deets Give me the deets. Yeah, I totally have been screaming. So I have no idea. I don't want to know. Should we go look it up? Apple news. Oh. Apple's keynote. I'm really excited about that. Because, okay, my iPad that I use that it apparently I'm not going to use today doing this stuff is on a USB
Give me the deets. Yeah, I totally have been screaming. So I have no idea. I don't want to know. Should we go look it up? Apple news. Oh. Apple's keynote. I'm really excited about that. Because, okay, my iPad that I use that it apparently I'm not going to use today doing this stuff is on a USB I upgraded my headphones, which y'all, if you get Bose headphones, don't get the touch ones. The touch ones. They're not your friends because I like what I'm doing stuff around the house wearing them. They like disconnect on me is very annoying. It's also I upgraded those for USB. But
I upgraded my headphones, which y'all, if you get Bose headphones, don't get the touch ones. The touch ones. They're not your friends because I like what I'm doing stuff around the house wearing them. They like disconnect on me is very annoying. It's also I upgraded those for USB. But But. All the news, all the news from the verge. We're not going to watch the video. Can we. Adding roadside assistance. That's dope. There's an action. Okay. I tame bodies. I do need some new air pods because I lost mine. On the plane, they went to I think the Caribbean without me. USB-C camera
But. All the news, all the news from the verge. We're not going to watch the video. Can we. Adding roadside assistance. That's dope. There's an action. Okay. I tame bodies. I do need some new air pods because I lost mine. On the plane, they went to I think the Caribbean without me. USB-C camera USB-C camera. The dynamic island. What? What is that? What is that? What is that? New cool watch with physical motion detection for primary action. That's cool. Oh, that makes more sense learner. Oh, my gosh. Okay. That's the OS. I don't care. I like that. I like that. I feel like they're
USB-C camera. The dynamic island. What? What is that? What is that? What is that? New cool watch with physical motion detection for primary action. That's cool. Oh, that makes more sense learner. Oh, my gosh. Okay. That's the OS. I don't care. I like that. I like that. I feel like they're Y'all I can't upgrade for like a while. Oh. I really want to try these but I have like no reason to get these like I don't have. All a jet reason. Okay. I'm not going to upload all the videos. I'm not going to upload all the videos. These are really dope upgrades
Y'all I can't upgrade for like a while. Oh. I really want to try these but I have like no reason to get these like I don't have. All a jet reason. Okay. I'm not going to upload all the videos. I'm not going to upload all the videos. These are really dope upgrades And now I really want all the upgrades. But I don't need them right now. We don't need upgrades. All my stuff works quite well. Okay. Back to this. We were going to upload all the videos. Videos. Let's go play this. I know I want to see the videos
And now I really want all the upgrades. But I don't need them right now. We don't need upgrades. All my stuff works quite well. Okay. Back to this. We were going to upload all the videos. Videos. Let's go play this. I know I want to see the videos I mean, the watches still have to have a charger though. Like the wireless charger. But I agree. It's less cables. Or at least it's all the same cable. Okay. Apparently we're not going to get to this yet. We will get to it. I am not going to finish streaming until I'm done with chapter two
I mean, the watches still have to have a charger though. Like the wireless charger. But I agree. It's less cables. Or at least it's all the same cable. Okay. Apparently we're not going to get to this yet. We will get to it. I am not going to finish streaming until I'm done with chapter two- Hello. Chapter one recording. This is the actual chapter one. I think this is the actual chapter one. So we are going to make sure that that's what's linked in here. Okay cool, whatever. Chapter two
- Hello. Chapter one recording. This is the actual chapter one. I think this is the actual chapter one. So we are going to make sure that that's what's linked in here. Okay cool, whatever. Chapter two Chapter two. If anybody gets bored and has canva skills, or like we could use a new thumbnail, I think I do weird thumbnails and I'm not great at them. So if anybody is like, yeah, I'm bored and I want to make a new thumbnail for this stream
Chapter two. If anybody gets bored and has canva skills, or like we could use a new thumbnail, I think I do weird thumbnails and I'm not great at them. So if anybody is like, yeah, I'm bored and I want to make a new thumbnail for this stream When we talk about Josh stuff and learning typescripts, that would be dope. I just found out too. Okay, let me see if I can find them. Okay, I am not going to end up saying Joe's last name right. But Joe and I just became friends and I'm so excited because they are work with typescript course, yay
When we talk about Josh stuff and learning typescripts, that would be dope. I just found out too. Okay, let me see if I can find them. Okay, I am not going to end up saying Joe's last name right. But Joe and I just became friends and I'm so excited because they are work with typescript course, yay And I've always wanted to learn how to speak Spanish. So double yay. And they are in Phoenix. I'm going to have Phoenix friends. It's going to be awesome. Here, let's copy and paste your Twitter because you're cool. That's fine. Jen, focus, focus, focus, focus, focus, focus, focus. Chapter three
And I've always wanted to learn how to speak Spanish. So double yay. And they are in Phoenix. I'm going to have Phoenix friends. It's going to be awesome. Here, let's copy and paste your Twitter because you're cool. That's fine. Jen, focus, focus, focus, focus, focus, focus, focus. Chapter three Chapter three. I'm also doing this, like I want to do all of the chapters, but I'm also doing like this side of things because I have a talk coming out next week that I talk about the lessons learned learning live with typescript. And I'm like, it was brought to my attention
Chapter three. I'm also doing this, like I want to do all of the chapters, but I'm also doing like this side of things because I have a talk coming out next week that I talk about the lessons learned learning live with typescript. And I'm like, it was brought to my attention Hey, if you don't have like stuff about typescript, that's going to be really weird. There, I don't do a great job at updating my GitHub with all the knowledge I know. It is something to be worked on. I don't know, see how many of them have featured some of them
Hey, if you don't have like stuff about typescript, that's going to be really weird. There, I don't do a great job at updating my GitHub with all the knowledge I know. It is something to be worked on. I don't know, see how many of them have featured some of them Oh, I'm missing one on the playlist. Whoa, bro, thank you. Oh, maybe because those other ones were live streams. Not uploads. It could be it. And videos. And this one needs to be added to the playlist. Add to playlist. Learning typescript. Save. I just posted this video yesterday
Oh, I'm missing one on the playlist. Whoa, bro, thank you. Oh, maybe because those other ones were live streams. Not uploads. It could be it. And videos. And this one needs to be added to the playlist. Add to playlist. Learning typescript. Save. I just posted this video yesterday I'm pretty excited. I'm like a baby content creator. It has two likes. Oh, hey, this one has two likes, too. That's exciting. Oh, that's cool. They're building type hero.dev. We'll have to check it out. And for anybody that is, is it from trash? Okay. Oh, oh, that's cool. Let's go
I'm pretty excited. I'm like a baby content creator. It has two likes. Oh, hey, this one has two likes, too. That's exciting. Oh, that's cool. They're building type hero.dev. We'll have to check it out. And for anybody that is, is it from trash? Okay. Oh, oh, that's cool. Let's go Let's go. Let's go look at it. Let's go investigate. Investigate. Many features. Wow. Okay, that was just fun. Many features. Wow. I mean, that's true. Learner, I did this to you. Like when you were watching the Ivan livestream. And I was just like, I don't know what to call you, but Learner
Let's go. Let's go look at it. Let's go investigate. Investigate. Many features. Wow. Okay, that was just fun. Many features. Wow. I mean, that's true. Learner, I did this to you. Like when you were watching the Ivan livestream. And I was just like, I don't know what to call you, but Learner So it gets weird. It gets weird trying to remember everybody's names. For a very long time, Anthony's last name was AJC Web Dev. Oh, this is exciting now. Let's tweet about it. Fellow. Fellow. Make a post. This looks dope. This looks dope. Yay. 100 emoji. Yes. Thanks for hearing
So it gets weird. It gets weird trying to remember everybody's names. For a very long time, Anthony's last name was AJC Web Dev. Oh, this is exciting now. Let's tweet about it. Fellow. Fellow. Make a post. This looks dope. This looks dope. Yay. 100 emoji. Yes. Thanks for hearing Thanks for hearing. No, your name not winner on. I always forget. Because it shows up. I'm so bad with names. It's not cool. I found. I may or may not. I'm not. I'm not. Yeah, because you're on discord. I'm going to put Anthony here too. Because Anthony supported it
Thanks for hearing. No, your name not winner on. I always forget. Because it shows up. I'm so bad with names. It's not cool. I found. I may or may not. I'm not. I'm not. Yeah, because you're on discord. I'm going to put Anthony here too. Because Anthony supported it And he Jones is really cool human. You guys should follow her. There you guys got. Okay. And. What did this look like? We need takeaways. We need watch the stream. Our playlists. We'll do it on key resources. We need to do it. What up zero? I've made progress. Progress. But not like a novel
And he Jones is really cool human. You guys should follow her. There you guys got. Okay. And. What did this look like? We need takeaways. We need watch the stream. Our playlists. We'll do it on key resources. We need to do it. What up zero? I've made progress. Progress. But not like a novel You were subscribed on YouTube. And if you guys ever want to know a good way of supporting people that post on YouTube or even Twitch, if you just join for like even a minute and like type something on Twitch, like it'd be a part of the chat and just leave it on in the background on silent
You were subscribed on YouTube. And if you guys ever want to know a good way of supporting people that post on YouTube or even Twitch, if you just join for like even a minute and like type something on Twitch, like it'd be a part of the chat and just leave it on in the background on silent That's still really helpful. Same with YouTube videos. If you watch it in the first 24 hours and like leave a comment on it, it automatically starts helping people's channels grow. So even if you're like, I don't want to invest money, invest things in the background. Okay. So we are going to
That's still really helpful. Same with YouTube videos. If you watch it in the first 24 hours and like leave a comment on it, it automatically starts helping people's channels grow. So even if you're like, I don't want to invest money, invest things in the background. Okay. So we are going to So we are going to. My stream recording. List. List. Hey, well, I'm glad I was well, stuff is moving. That is a good call out stuff is moving. It's just. It's just like a real thing. I don't know if you guys are not
So we are going to. My stream recording. List. List. Hey, well, I'm glad I was well, stuff is moving. That is a good call out stuff is moving. It's just. It's just like a real thing. I don't know if you guys are not I haven't gotten to where I want to go, but we're getting this page and it's going to be delightful. And we double checked with Josh that he's cool with us doing this. Those are important things to have done. Thank you. That was actually one of my streams
I haven't gotten to where I want to go, but we're getting this page and it's going to be delightful. And we double checked with Josh that he's cool with us doing this. Those are important things to have done. Thank you. That was actually one of my streams I think this is something that I find very valuable is even if I don't remember what it was, I remember who it was with a lot of the times. And. But yes, I do need to update my titles. And I've been getting there. Thanks, Anthony, for always calling me out for that
I think this is something that I find very valuable is even if I don't remember what it was, I remember who it was with a lot of the times. And. But yes, I do need to update my titles. And I've been getting there. Thanks, Anthony, for always calling me out for that Because you can't search things as easily if they you don't have their names in them. And there's so many things that don't have descriptions that we will get to. Maybe that's what I'll do. One day. Get your link. This is the code. Set up with Jay. Okay. All right. And we're almost done
Because you can't search things as easily if they you don't have their names in them. And there's so many things that don't have descriptions that we will get to. Maybe that's what I'll do. One day. Get your link. This is the code. Set up with Jay. Okay. All right. And we're almost done We're almost done. We're going to get there. We are going to get there. And. I need the project names. And be lazy and copy and paste this. Do all of you use VS code? What is like everybody else use? What do you use? I'm curious. I'm going to get the project names
We're almost done. We're going to get there. We are going to get there. And. I need the project names. And be lazy and copy and paste this. Do all of you use VS code? What is like everybody else use? What do you use? I'm curious. I'm going to get the project names I'm going to get the project names. I'm going to get the project names. I'm going to get the project names. I'm going to get the project names. Tf3. Union's and littl. I can do this one. I'm going to get the project names. I'm going to get the project names. I'm going to get the project names
I'm going to get the project names. I'm going to get the project names. I'm going to get the project names. I'm going to get the project names. Tf3. Union's and littl. I can do this one. I'm going to get the project names. I'm going to get the project names. I'm going to get the project names I'm going to get the project names. I'm going to get the project names. VS code is your go to. But you've tried a handful of other IDEs, but none of them cross-compatible like VS code. I think that's one of the biggest reasons that I've never gone away
I'm going to get the project names. I'm going to get the project names. VS code is your go to. But you've tried a handful of other IDEs, but none of them cross-compatible like VS code. I think that's one of the biggest reasons that I've never gone away But also, I think there's power and other people knowing, you know, like if everybody else is using it, it can make it a lot easier to use. Mostly use VS code these days. Loved NeoVam before you became Windows only and JetBrains. For the JVM support. So, I've gotten lost in VIM before
But also, I think there's power and other people knowing, you know, like if everybody else is using it, it can make it a lot easier to use. Mostly use VS code these days. Loved NeoVam before you became Windows only and JetBrains. For the JVM support. So, I've gotten lost in VIM before And I do say it like that because it wasn't my friend. That's what we should do. Now we should, maybe we should. Oh, shit. Now we should. This is what I'm waiting. I'm going to do this. Everybody has their ways of work for them. 100%. It was so weird for me
And I do say it like that because it wasn't my friend. That's what we should do. Now we should, maybe we should. Oh, shit. Now we should. This is what I'm waiting. I'm going to do this. Everybody has their ways of work for them. 100%. It was so weird for me So Anthony was, I like to call him my internet big brother. He's also one of the first people I made friends with on about all of this stuff
So Anthony was, I like to call him my internet big brother. He's also one of the first people I made friends with on about all of this stuff It was weird to not just like do whatever he was suggesting and learning that there's different ways of doing things, which was nice to learn, but also really weird to go against it. And the added benefit of remote development. I've. I've been curious about that because
It was weird to not just like do whatever he was suggesting and learning that there's different ways of doing things, which was nice to learn, but also really weird to go against it. And the added benefit of remote development. I've. I've been curious about that because I've been curious about that. I've been curious about that. Get hub has something like it's not co-pilot, right? Co-pilot's AI thing, I think. I was going to have a cell back on my show for. Resil was that get hub for a long time
I've been curious about that. I've been curious about that. Get hub has something like it's not co-pilot, right? Co-pilot's AI thing, I think. I was going to have a cell back on my show for. Resil was that get hub for a long time And she first did a stream with me of like what's, what is GitHub? And now I realize it's too late because she left and now I need somebody else. Okay. And you these. And. Like a shut up load what I have to make sure this doesn't look really stupid. You know you're shortly. You. You. You
And she first did a stream with me of like what's, what is GitHub? And now I realize it's too late because she left and now I need somebody else. Okay. And you these. And. Like a shut up load what I have to make sure this doesn't look really stupid. You know you're shortly. You. You. You You. You. You. You know what I meant to do. I don't know what I mean. I don't know. I don't know. I hope you know I'm talking to you. What are you up to today? And how would you say somebody says your username? I don't know
You. You. You. You know what I meant to do. I don't know what I mean. I don't know. I don't know. I hope you know I'm talking to you. What are you up to today? And how would you say somebody says your username? I don't know Do you do you do you do you do I like this? I was chapter two in London like that. I don't know. You go by stuck. Okay. Well, that's fair. I get it. I would say that's one of the biggest reasons I started life streaming is because it made me do things. I didn't want to
Do you do you do you do you do I like this? I was chapter two in London like that. I don't know. You go by stuck. Okay. Well, that's fair. I get it. I would say that's one of the biggest reasons I started life streaming is because it made me do things. I didn't want to I didn't want to. But that like the anxiety of this stuff has really gotten to me at times. I'm not saying that's just that I don't want to be. I don't want to be trying to. I don't want to be trying to do things I don't want to be doing. But I don't want to be trying to do something
I didn't want to. But that like the anxiety of this stuff has really gotten to me at times. I'm not saying that's just that I don't want to be. I don't want to be trying to. I don't want to be trying to do things I don't want to be doing. But I don't want to be trying to do something Other distractions. But I hope that yes, it holds me accountable, even when I don't want to be here. Like it's like I love being here and I love doing this stuff is just. That's what I have the hardest time with is reminding myself that I do want to do this. Oh, yeah. I get that
Other distractions. But I hope that yes, it holds me accountable, even when I don't want to be here. Like it's like I love being here and I love doing this stuff is just. That's what I have the hardest time with is reminding myself that I do want to do this. Oh, yeah. I get that I get that. I, for some of my work, I can't do it live and I have to do. But it's weird because a lot of my work for this show for Teach Shantat goes into my real job. We'll go with that. So they, they work well together, but I know that's not the same for like everybody
I get that. I, for some of my work, I can't do it live and I have to do. But it's weird because a lot of my work for this show for Teach Shantat goes into my real job. We'll go with that. So they, they work well together, but I know that's not the same for like everybody What is your, your job? What do you do? I'll see what I'm changing here. You like... We need to move this. And give it some eyeballs. That sounds weird. Same that one out loud, but that's okay. Eyes. Do a great note of watch it. And I... I'm not changing here for a Web 3 company. Dude
What is your, your job? What do you do? I'll see what I'm changing here. You like... We need to move this. And give it some eyeballs. That sounds weird. Same that one out loud, but that's okay. Eyes. Do a great note of watch it. And I... I'm not changing here for a Web 3 company. Dude Dude. I don't think Anthony is still here, but he worked in Web 3 for a while. And it was funny because I was just getting into dev realm or like wanting to go into, oh, you are still there. I wanted to get into dev realm and I didn't know anything about dev realm or developer relations
Dude. I don't think Anthony is still here, but he worked in Web 3 for a while. And it was funny because I was just getting into dev realm or like wanting to go into, oh, you are still there. I wanted to get into dev realm and I didn't know anything about dev realm or developer relations And he was like the third person I talked to. And it was so funny because he took the call from the car. And I was like, so like, why are you taking the call from the car? Like, that's weird. Like, aren't you supposed to be professional? It wasn't not professional
And he was like the third person I talked to. And it was so funny because he took the call from the car. And I was like, so like, why are you taking the call from the car? Like, that's weird. Like, aren't you supposed to be professional? It wasn't not professional I just like, I didn't realize how like different that type of work is. And he was like, cool. I'll help you, but not with Web 3 stuff yet. You have to learn just regular code first. I still need to learn Web 3. I do want to learn Web 3 and more about blockchain. Um... Can I don't think..
I just like, I didn't realize how like different that type of work is. And he was like, cool. I'll help you, but not with Web 3 stuff yet. You have to learn just regular code first. I still need to learn Web 3. I do want to learn Web 3 and more about blockchain. Um... Can I don't think.... Let's see if this helps. Clean it. I want more emojis. I'm gonna see. It's... I mean, I love my job. I... I can love my job. It's one of the hardest jobs I've ever had in my life. I don't know. This is gonna do what I want to do. We've..
.. Let's see if this helps. Clean it. I want more emojis. I'm gonna see. It's... I mean, I love my job. I... I can love my job. It's one of the hardest jobs I've ever had in my life. I don't know. This is gonna do what I want to do. We've.. We've... Have you ever looked into going into DevRel? Oh, Anthony, other random thing to tell you about. I met my... One of my dear friends, their new roommate. She's a teacher and... She was talking about hitting teaching. And I'm like, yo! You can get into tech
We've... Have you ever looked into going into DevRel? Oh, Anthony, other random thing to tell you about. I met my... One of my dear friends, their new roommate. She's a teacher and... She was talking about hitting teaching. And I'm like, yo! You can get into tech I know lots of teachers that went into tech. And I thought it was cool. Because I told her about you. Oh, shit. But are you applying as a DevRel? Or are you applying as an engineer? What... Okay, read me upgrades. Make it pretty. Is the best upgrade name ever. Anything at this point? Oh, yeah
I know lots of teachers that went into tech. And I thought it was cool. Because I told her about you. Oh, shit. But are you applying as a DevRel? Or are you applying as an engineer? What... Okay, read me upgrades. Make it pretty. Is the best upgrade name ever. Anything at this point? Oh, yeah I was unemployed for over a year. By the time I got my first DevRel job. I think... Maybe... Oh, damn. Yeah, I get that. I mean, you're always welcome to come on Teach Gen Tech. Like, I feel like..
I was unemployed for over a year. By the time I got my first DevRel job. I think... Maybe... Oh, damn. Yeah, I get that. I mean, you're always welcome to come on Teach Gen Tech. Like, I feel like.... It's a good way of people showcasing their skills while teaching the community, which is one of my favorite parts. I don't do a ton of streams by myself. I am this month because I got to catch up on a lot of stuff. But I normally do..
.. It's a good way of people showcasing their skills while teaching the community, which is one of my favorite parts. I don't do a ton of streams by myself. I am this month because I got to catch up on a lot of stuff. But I normally do.... Two weeks out of the month, two or three weeks out of the month. I stream like with Anthony, who's been on the show a million times. Why am I going Twitter? I want to go to YouTube. Go to the YouTube's. Hey, look, there's workouts for software engineers. That's fine. Okay, see you
.. Two weeks out of the month, two or three weeks out of the month. I stream like with Anthony, who's been on the show a million times. Why am I going Twitter? I want to go to YouTube. Go to the YouTube's. Hey, look, there's workouts for software engineers. That's fine. Okay, see you Okay, see you. Anthony, you have a playlist. Look, Anthony has a playlist. His own playlist. Like, it can't be named. Hmm. Hmm. No, stop talking to me. Sorry, I hate auto plays with a passion. View full playlist. There we go. Hmm. There's more on this playlist than the two I have on here
Okay, see you. Anthony, you have a playlist. Look, Anthony has a playlist. His own playlist. Like, it can't be named. Hmm. Hmm. No, stop talking to me. Sorry, I hate auto plays with a passion. View full playlist. There we go. Hmm. There's more on this playlist than the two I have on here But hey, this is the Anthony Kimbole playlist. Did he do you? Y'all check out follow Anthony on Twitch as well. He's cool. And you can learn stuff from him. And ask him a million questions. Seven million different ways. It's fun. Okay, we need to do this. And see if I like it yet
But hey, this is the Anthony Kimbole playlist. Did he do you? Y'all check out follow Anthony on Twitch as well. He's cool. And you can learn stuff from him. And ask him a million questions. Seven million different ways. It's fun. Okay, we need to do this. And see if I like it yet Oh, I didn't update it. That would help. Oh, I did. I didn't, I didn't commit it. But. Let's see. I think that's when we get. Easier to see. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Anybody excited about Hactoberfest coming up? I'm kind of excited
Oh, I didn't update it. That would help. Oh, I did. I didn't, I didn't commit it. But. Let's see. I think that's when we get. Easier to see. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Anybody excited about Hactoberfest coming up? I'm kind of excited Oh, okay. I'm pretty excited. I'm actually excited. Not just kind of excited. Read me emoji updates. This is cool. It's fine. Totally fine. Refresh. Oh, not super excited. But you usually get a handful of PRs in. In some of your own repos then announced participation. Okay. Free T-shirts though
Oh, okay. I'm pretty excited. I'm actually excited. Not just kind of excited. Read me emoji updates. This is cool. It's fine. Totally fine. Refresh. Oh, not super excited. But you usually get a handful of PRs in. In some of your own repos then announced participation. Okay. Free T-shirts though I really wanted last year's t-shirt. I'm not sure. Your workplace blocks get up on that sad. Y'all, I am not making this very readable for myself, which is annoying me. I need something to make this readable. I need something to make this readable. Hmm. Space theme this year. That'd be cool
I really wanted last year's t-shirt. I'm not sure. Your workplace blocks get up on that sad. Y'all, I am not making this very readable for myself, which is annoying me. I need something to make this readable. I need something to make this readable. Hmm. Space theme this year. That'd be cool That'd be cool. Why is there weird spacing in, I don't know. Yeah. Yo. What up everybody from Jason's raid. Thank you. Thank you. We are currently working on updating my read me as one thing, but working on learning typescript stuff. Yeah, you
That'd be cool. Why is there weird spacing in, I don't know. Yeah. Yo. What up everybody from Jason's raid. Thank you. Thank you. We are currently working on updating my read me as one thing, but working on learning typescript stuff. Yeah, you Yeah, you. Jason, what were you guys dreaming about? Yes, I 100% highly suggest Jason streams because they are always fun. And we Jason, you need to come back on the stream because we need to hear about the studio. And I want to go visit that area of the world just to go see the studio
Yeah, you. Jason, what were you guys dreaming about? Yes, I 100% highly suggest Jason streams because they are always fun. And we Jason, you need to come back on the stream because we need to hear about the studio. And I want to go visit that area of the world just to go see the studio And if you guys aren't following Jason, he is also very good at TikTok, which you do it all, you magically do it all. That is what Jason does is magic. I'm pretty sure. Secretly a magician. Maybe. But yes, we are working on. My read means. And they're so fun. This read me at least
And if you guys aren't following Jason, he is also very good at TikTok, which you do it all, you magically do it all. That is what Jason does is magic. I'm pretty sure. Secretly a magician. Maybe. But yes, we are working on. My read means. And they're so fun. This read me at least And I don't know. I feel like this read me is just really hard to read. Wow, that made a lot of sense. And. If y'all want to check out. Learning typescript. Read me. It's right there. And that's what I'm working on because we just started. Josh has been on the show for
And I don't know. I feel like this read me is just really hard to read. Wow, that made a lot of sense. And. If y'all want to check out. Learning typescript. Read me. It's right there. And that's what I'm working on because we just started. Josh has been on the show for And I'm going through his book. Learning typescript. And I haven't been actually like putting it anywhere in good details. And I'm going through and doing all the homework right now. So yes, the type script docs are great. 100% agree. And
And I'm going through his book. Learning typescript. And I haven't been actually like putting it anywhere in good details. And I'm going through and doing all the homework right now. So yes, the type script docs are great. 100% agree. And 100% agree. And. That is something that we're just, I'm going through and just putting stuff from the book inside of here. And that way people can. Fund all the details and stuff from each stream because we've had seven streams. I mean, this is probably good for now. And get there. Maybe
100% agree. And. That is something that we're just, I'm going through and just putting stuff from the book inside of here. And that way people can. Fund all the details and stuff from each stream because we've had seven streams. I mean, this is probably good for now. And get there. Maybe Maybe. There was one other thing. I wanted to update. And I think this was it. What are all of you up to? What did you learn on learning with Jason? I don't know if you all knew this. Granted, I don't think I don't even know if Jason knows this
Maybe. There was one other thing. I wanted to update. And I think this was it. What are all of you up to? What did you learn on learning with Jason? I don't know if you all knew this. Granted, I don't think I don't even know if Jason knows this That I purposely did not name my stream, learn with Jen, because his is learned with Jason. But like one of the first things I did was, hey, I just found out you were a person and a thing. So will you be on my show someday? Please. And he was, which was really cool
That I purposely did not name my stream, learn with Jen, because his is learned with Jason. But like one of the first things I did was, hey, I just found out you were a person and a thing. So will you be on my show someday? Please. And he was, which was really cool See if I can find it because I need to update all of this anyway. Okay, nice gracious. Holy bananas. Jason hasn't been on the stream since November. It's over six months. That's very strange. And here is that. If you all want to go check out his video, it's really dope. It was fun. And to do
See if I can find it because I need to update all of this anyway. Okay, nice gracious. Holy bananas. Jason hasn't been on the stream since November. It's over six months. That's very strange. And here is that. If you all want to go check out his video, it's really dope. It was fun. And to do And to do. Okay, to this update. So I can actually go work on what I was supposed to be working on. Oh, that helps. And. These like over. Ah, that could be it. Yay. For those of you that are still here, I am curious if there was something that you wanted to learn about on
And to do. Okay, to this update. So I can actually go work on what I was supposed to be working on. Oh, that helps. And. These like over. Ah, that could be it. Yay. For those of you that are still here, I am curious if there was something that you wanted to learn about on Jason show or more of a newer newbie perspective, what's something that you would want to learn. And we're talking about algorithms earlier. The algorithms were a big thing. There we go. And these. Oh, yeah. I like that. And thank you for the follow. Yay. I. One of my first streams was with React
Jason show or more of a newer newbie perspective, what's something that you would want to learn. And we're talking about algorithms earlier. The algorithms were a big thing. There we go. And these. Oh, yeah. I like that. And thank you for the follow. Yay. I. One of my first streams was with React And I haven't been doing a tons since then. I'm just trying to think of. All the different streams we've done. I don't know if I've done much more than that. This is why I'm slowly getting these updated because I'm like, I need to actually remember what streams. I've done. That would help
And I haven't been doing a tons since then. I'm just trying to think of. All the different streams we've done. I don't know if I've done much more than that. This is why I'm slowly getting these updated because I'm like, I need to actually remember what streams. I've done. That would help That would help. Which I think is just going to be a lot of coming on here and asking chat GPT help me. Maybe I'll get to it today. Let's see. I have like an hour left before I got to start heading out. Do some things. That was the other thing. I wanted to change before I stop. I need
That would help. Which I think is just going to be a lot of coming on here and asking chat GPT help me. Maybe I'll get to it today. Let's see. I have like an hour left before I got to start heading out. Do some things. That was the other thing. I wanted to change before I stop. I need I need. We don't want that either. The sooner I'm done with this, the sooner I can go work on the homework. I'm so excited. Oh wow. There's so many different sevens now. I did not know that. Let's go. Oh, I didn't mean six o'clock. Yo. See you. Let's see if this looks any more readable
I need. We don't want that either. The sooner I'm done with this, the sooner I can go work on the homework. I'm so excited. Oh wow. There's so many different sevens now. I did not know that. Let's go. Oh, I didn't mean six o'clock. Yo. See you. Let's see if this looks any more readable I guess I could do that too. Let's see. Let's put this at the beginning too. That way the homework is at the top as well. Yay. Is there a homework type? I don't know if that really reminds me of homework
I guess I could do that too. Let's see. Let's put this at the beginning too. That way the homework is at the top as well. Yay. Is there a homework type? I don't know if that really reminds me of homework Is there an emoji that reminds you all of homework? Is it like a pencil? Well, thank you for hanging out and lurking. There we go. That one just kind of reminds me of a teacher instead of school. That does make sense
Is there an emoji that reminds you all of homework? Is it like a pencil? Well, thank you for hanging out and lurking. There we go. That one just kind of reminds me of a teacher instead of school. That does make sense What do you guys think of this pencil icon that I found? You think it should be one of those students dead? I'm going to update it and then we can change it. Yeah. Thank you, Anthony. Yes, let's do one of those two. Why? I think it's easier to read if they weren't on the same line
What do you guys think of this pencil icon that I found? You think it should be one of those students dead? I'm going to update it and then we can change it. Yeah. Thank you, Anthony. Yes, let's do one of those two. Why? I think it's easier to read if they weren't on the same line You know, that would help. I'm going to do it. Why not how you spell it for me? I think you're right. Okay. Let's see. Please, I want to be done with this. I just want to have it figured out. Oh, I didn't think that would help. Yes, you do need to do that, Jen. Yes, please. Please do that
You know, that would help. I'm going to do it. Why not how you spell it for me? I think you're right. Okay. Let's see. Please, I want to be done with this. I just want to have it figured out. Oh, I didn't think that would help. Yes, you do need to do that, Jen. Yes, please. Please do that Please do that. Thank you. I feel like this is easy enough to read. To find the projects. Maybe not that one, but I won't update the rest. I won't update until I do the rest of them. Okay. Do do do. Get the rest of their projects and their about only five more to go. No big deal
Please do that. Thank you. I feel like this is easy enough to read. To find the projects. Maybe not that one, but I won't update the rest. I won't update until I do the rest of them. Okay. Do do do. Get the rest of their projects and their about only five more to go. No big deal No big deal. No, no, that needs that too. Do do do do. Okay. Smallest font offer. Okay, so you have. Okay. I'm just missing chapter. What did I do? I don't know. I have two five. That's fun. Chapter three is unions and minerals. Chapter four is objects. I don't know when that was very spot. Okay
No big deal. No, no, that needs that too. Do do do do. Okay. Smallest font offer. Okay, so you have. Okay. I'm just missing chapter. What did I do? I don't know. I have two five. That's fun. Chapter three is unions and minerals. Chapter four is objects. I don't know when that was very spot. Okay Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Shh. Okay. Yes, you need these things. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I know I kept saying that I'm going to get to you doing the chapter, but my hunger may not agree with me, which would be very annoying. Okay. Chapter four. Do do do. Okay
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Shh. Okay. Yes, you need these things. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I know I kept saying that I'm going to get to you doing the chapter, but my hunger may not agree with me, which would be very annoying. Okay. Chapter four. Do do do. Okay Do do do. Okay. What time is it where all of you are? Because it's noon here, 1214. So not too early, not too late. But I start my day at 5 a.m., like my first call normally starts at 5 a.m. Oh, dude, 10 p.m
Do do do. Okay. What time is it where all of you are? Because it's noon here, 1214. So not too early, not too late. But I start my day at 5 a.m., like my first call normally starts at 5 a.m. Oh, dude, 10 p.mm. Oh, dude, 10 p.m. These, I think it's like midnight-ish or later where learner is, if learner is still online. That's late. I can't even imagine. But it's because I talk to people. And let's see. I think Finland is 10 hours ahead. From where I'm at now, not nine hours. So yeah, I have my 5 a.m
m. Oh, dude, 10 p.m. These, I think it's like midnight-ish or later where learner is, if learner is still online. That's late. I can't even imagine. But it's because I talk to people. And let's see. I think Finland is 10 hours ahead. From where I'm at now, not nine hours. So yeah, I have my 5 a.mm. calls because it's 3 p.m. there. That makes sense. At least time zone, I think, same time area. Where are you fun, Perseus? Did I say it right? Perseus is one of the great gods or Roman gods. He was the slayer of Medusa. Okay. Yeah. That's cool. I'm like, I don't know my Greek mythology enough
m. calls because it's 3 p.m. there. That makes sense. At least time zone, I think, same time area. Where are you fun, Perseus? Did I say it right? Perseus is one of the great gods or Roman gods. He was the slayer of Medusa. Okay. Yeah. That's cool. I'm like, I don't know my Greek mythology enough Like, I know who Medusa is with turning men just own and with all the stakes. But not enough to be like, yeah, she deserved it. Or, no, how could you do that? That one I don't know. What would you say, Perseus? Do you think she deserved it? You probably know the story better. Type
Like, I know who Medusa is with turning men just own and with all the stakes. But not enough to be like, yeah, she deserved it. Or, no, how could you do that? That one I don't know. What would you say, Perseus? Do you think she deserved it? You probably know the story better. Type Type. Does it take anybody else as long to do read me's when they're like this? I mean, I get that I keep getting distracted, but I feel like it's taking me a really long time. Ah! Fair enough. That's a good call out because she's kept turning everybody to stone. That makes sense
Type. Does it take anybody else as long to do read me's when they're like this? I mean, I get that I keep getting distracted, but I feel like it's taking me a really long time. Ah! Fair enough. That's a good call out because she's kept turning everybody to stone. That makes sense That makes sense. Protects everybody else. Yeah. Functions. Yeah. Well, Perseus, what are you working on today? Are anybody else joining? Are y'all up to anything fun? Are we working? Are co-working? Two more chapters left. Oh my gosh. I'm going to get there. It's going to happen
That makes sense. Protects everybody else. Yeah. Functions. Yeah. Well, Perseus, what are you working on today? Are anybody else joining? Are y'all up to anything fun? Are we working? Are co-working? Two more chapters left. Oh my gosh. I'm going to get there. It's going to happen It's going to happen. A card system for e-commerce website with next and redux. I feel like this is one of the hardest things that I've learned while learning live and also just being new to tech. I think that I would know something or when somebody references it. I'm like, oh, I should know that
It's going to happen. A card system for e-commerce website with next and redux. I feel like this is one of the hardest things that I've learned while learning live and also just being new to tech. I think that I would know something or when somebody references it. I'm like, oh, I should know that I'm not going to ask people about what is redux. Is an open source JavaScript library? Y'all, I don't know how long my camera or my lights been off back there, but I just heard the dog. And she just knocked it over. She like cuddles on the lights. It's not hot, but it's okay. She's really cute
I'm not going to ask people about what is redux. Is an open source JavaScript library? Y'all, I don't know how long my camera or my lights been off back there, but I just heard the dog. And she just knocked it over. She like cuddles on the lights. It's not hot, but it's okay. She's really cute She's really cute. But... Oh. With React or Angular. Okay. That's cool. Interesting. Oh. It's fancy. Nice. Are they going to be selling cool things? Or you're like, I don't even care because they just need to... They just pay you to do it. Oh. Is that all? Why is it odd? Please tell me
She's really cute. But... Oh. With React or Angular. Okay. That's cool. Interesting. Oh. It's fancy. Nice. Are they going to be selling cool things? Or you're like, I don't even care because they just need to... They just pay you to do it. Oh. Is that all? Why is it odd? Please tell me Do more chapters. Okay. I'm raised. Oh, shit. Thank you for the follow. R4BC31. That just means we think of like, RAB4. Which is like a mini SUV-ish car. Hand states. That does. That does. And... Two bowls. I remember this one. And that I thought it was such a weird word
Do more chapters. Okay. I'm raised. Oh, shit. Thank you for the follow. R4BC31. That just means we think of like, RAB4. Which is like a mini SUV-ish car. Hand states. That does. That does. And... Two bowls. I remember this one. And that I thought it was such a weird word I don't know if it's a real word. I don't know if it's a real word. And that's what I'm talking about. Speaking next, JS handles getting data via get server side props and get static procs. So, Redux and next JS is an interesting combo. Not knocking it. It's like a lot of things
I don't know if it's a real word. I don't know if it's a real word. And that's what I'm talking about. Speaking next, JS handles getting data via get server side props and get static procs. So, Redux and next JS is an interesting combo. Not knocking it. It's like a lot of things And some of the stuff that I was thinking about. I feel like we need to drop it again. It's the best discord server ever. And he yells at me to do good things in my life. And he does that to everybody. It's lovely. uh, his Twitter space tomorrow. What is? So I know, everybody go follow Jacob
And some of the stuff that I was thinking about. I feel like we need to drop it again. It's the best discord server ever. And he yells at me to do good things in my life. And he does that to everybody. It's lovely. uh, his Twitter space tomorrow. What is? So I know, everybody go follow Jacob We need to follow Jacob. Tell him nice things about himself. No, you guys don't need to see that. Yeah. I do need to follow up with people though. Uh. Go here, go here, go follow Jacob. Oh, I can, I can cry. I can kind of type. It's fine. It's cute
We need to follow Jacob. Tell him nice things about himself. No, you guys don't need to see that. Yeah. I do need to follow up with people though. Uh. Go here, go here, go follow Jacob. Oh, I can, I can cry. I can kind of type. It's fine. It's cute It's cute. But we need to tell him that we want to talk about this next time. Okay, I want to talk about it next time. Shay and I just associate you with it. So therefore it's a we. Post you post Jacob and the next code wireless address
It's cute. But we need to tell him that we want to talk about this next time. Okay, I want to talk about it next time. Shay and I just associate you with it. So therefore it's a we. Post you post Jacob and the next code wireless address She co never theta void of human cannot but I think you don't want him toziap. Post you post cheekup. And the next code and life life. I mean, yeah, yeah. Yeah, code in life. Wait
She co never theta void of human cannot but I think you don't want him toziap. Post you post cheekup. And the next code and life life. I mean, yeah, yeah. Yeah, code in life. Wait Wait. Unless you're like the not the person I thought you were and then that would be cool and you should just join code in life. Which is totally fine too. Because I just get people mixed up all the time, especially because everybody has different user names in different places
Wait. Unless you're like the not the person I thought you were and then that would be cool and you should just join code in life. Which is totally fine too. Because I just get people mixed up all the time, especially because everybody has different user names in different places And it gets really confusing. Oh, well, that's where I met you. So I'm associated with you there. Like, I met you there. Uh, need some state changes without changing page. And components are related and need client side changes
And it gets really confusing. Oh, well, that's where I met you. So I'm associated with you there. Like, I met you there. Uh, need some state changes without changing page. And components are related and need client side changes You'd use context API, but need redust, redux, thunk, and redux toolkit. Makes it so much. Makes so much easier. Well, I cannot read. I'm like skipping words. This is the frustrating thing about code and just lives dreaming. I just got my face out already. Like it's you. Oh, no, it's not you
You'd use context API, but need redust, redux, thunk, and redux toolkit. Makes it so much. Makes so much easier. Well, I cannot read. I'm like skipping words. This is the frustrating thing about code and just lives dreaming. I just got my face out already. Like it's you. Oh, no, it's not you Please know that that it is not you. So it is I honestly do skip words. And so it makes it really hard when like a big reason before every before many of you joined with the raid. I will have to read a lot of this out loud because I skip words
Please know that that it is not you. So it is I honestly do skip words. And so it makes it really hard when like a big reason before every before many of you joined with the raid. I will have to read a lot of this out loud because I skip words So even when I'm reading out loud, I still skip words because in my mind, if somebody is saying in first person, I mean, I could say they said in first person and read it that way. But I also translate it from first person to talking about that person. And then I mix up my free tenses
So even when I'm reading out loud, I still skip words because in my mind, if somebody is saying in first person, I mean, I could say they said in first person and read it that way. But I also translate it from first person to talking about that person. And then I mix up my free tenses But I'm really bad at English as it is. It's yeah, it's a thing. It is a thing. I'm going. I need here. Okay. Cool. And you need analyzing data. I don't really speaking if. Oh, rude. Oh, it does that. I'm surprised it made it as long. It randomly thank you for telling me that
But I'm really bad at English as it is. It's yeah, it's a thing. It is a thing. I'm going. I need here. Okay. Cool. And you need analyzing data. I don't really speaking if. Oh, rude. Oh, it does that. I'm surprised it made it as long. It randomly thank you for telling me that See, yeah, it just like stops in the. Like my OBS camera just like tries to take over like my camera is still connected and everything, but. It's just like no bro. Let me see. Okay. Let's try this. And this one. Yay. Hello again. Yeah, I was like, I don't want to see you guys anymore
See, yeah, it just like stops in the. Like my OBS camera just like tries to take over like my camera is still connected and everything, but. It's just like no bro. Let me see. Okay. Let's try this. And this one. Yay. Hello again. Yeah, I was like, I don't want to see you guys anymore I'm just kidding. We can't hang out. And generally speaking, if you. Oh, really? Oh, geez. I was hiding from creating the tweet. You can't prove that it was me. Wow. That's actually really weird. Yeah, I don't know why, but like it will
I'm just kidding. We can't hang out. And generally speaking, if you. Oh, really? Oh, geez. I was hiding from creating the tweet. You can't prove that it was me. Wow. That's actually really weird. Yeah, I don't know why, but like it will It may happen a few times, but normally it will happen like twice and then be fine. And it hasn't been happening at the very beginning. When I start using the camera, like it used to. But like it happens in a browser, but it doesn't happen in the computer
It may happen a few times, but normally it will happen like twice and then be fine. And it hasn't been happening at the very beginning. When I start using the camera, like it used to. But like it happens in a browser, but it doesn't happen in the computer Like if I have a photo booth up in the background. And just so that way, I can see if it stops as well. It doesn't. It's still going just fine. But the computer or the browser like kicks it to OBS. Which is just really weird and annoying. Let's hate. That's that's life. But okay
Like if I have a photo booth up in the background. And just so that way, I can see if it stops as well. It doesn't. It's still going just fine. But the computer or the browser like kicks it to OBS. Which is just really weird and annoying. Let's hate. That's that's life. But okay But okay. I'm going to read the things. Generally speaking, if you need state across components get across other UI. Other than UI state, it should be moved to the server. It's UI state. It should be in the context or via local state. I'm going to pretend like I know what that means
But okay. I'm going to read the things. Generally speaking, if you need state across components get across other UI. Other than UI state, it should be moved to the server. It's UI state. It should be in the context or via local state. I'm going to pretend like I know what that means I feel like I know what it means. I'm also thinking a lot about when Roy was on the show. We were talking about a lot of this. I have to think about this. I'm going to analyze DNA. Analyzing DNA. Here we go
I feel like I know what it means. I'm also thinking a lot about when Roy was on the show. We were talking about a lot of this. I have to think about this. I'm going to analyze DNA. Analyzing DNA. Here we go Here we go. How long did it take all of you to learn all of this? Because I get that I've only been in this for a year. But I feel like it is taking forever. I'm going to read the things. I'm going to read the things. I'm going to read the things. Okay. Good shot, Jaden. Like
Here we go. How long did it take all of you to learn all of this? Because I get that I've only been in this for a year. But I feel like it is taking forever. I'm going to read the things. I'm going to read the things. I'm going to read the things. Okay. Good shot, Jaden. Like Like. I get like never stop learning. I feel like it's like also. Is it ever going to get easier? Like, I don't I don't think that's the right way of saying it. But like, is it ever going to. The concepts. I feel like they start to click and then they don't click. I don't know
Like. I get like never stop learning. I feel like it's like also. Is it ever going to get easier? Like, I don't I don't think that's the right way of saying it. But like, is it ever going to. The concepts. I feel like they start to click and then they don't click. I don't know I don't know. What are things that you all recently learned? I'm curious. What other people are working on in learning? Ooh. I feel like Rust is really up and coming right now. Which only makes me grumpy because their icon is a crab. And the company I work for has a really adorable crab
I don't know. What are things that you all recently learned? I'm curious. What other people are working on in learning? Ooh. I feel like Rust is really up and coming right now. Which only makes me grumpy because their icon is a crab. And the company I work for has a really adorable crab And so people are like, is it Rust? But you know. Erryson. T.I.L. the places. Place items. Yes, that's property. Huh. I feel like I need to show you guys the pillow of the. The crabs. Because they're cute. Hold on to second. And maybe I'll fix my light. If my dog will let me. Let's see
And so people are like, is it Rust? But you know. Erryson. T.I.L. the places. Place items. Yes, that's property. Huh. I feel like I need to show you guys the pillow of the. The crabs. Because they're cute. Hold on to second. And maybe I'll fix my light. If my dog will let me. Let's see Let's see. Let's see if she let's see. Hey. Can I have this? Maybe. Just a little bit lighter. Okay. We're going. Now we're down to no lights on it. It's fine. It's fine. Right. Without heading my mic. Without heading the mic. Yeah. Look how adorable it is. It's so adorable. It is Ivan
Let's see. Let's see if she let's see. Hey. Can I have this? Maybe. Just a little bit lighter. Okay. We're going. Now we're down to no lights on it. It's fine. It's fine. Right. Without heading my mic. Without heading the mic. Yeah. Look how adorable it is. It's so adorable. It is Ivan It is Ivan. It's adorable. But not Rust. Other than that, I have no context of Rust. So. What is Rust about? Is it. No. Thank you. Thank you. But no. This crab's name is Rappo. And which is finished for crab because I work for a finished company. Uh
It is Ivan. It's adorable. But not Rust. Other than that, I have no context of Rust. So. What is Rust about? Is it. No. Thank you. Thank you. But no. This crab's name is Rappo. And which is finished for crab because I work for a finished company. Uh Uh. Oh, you guys are still talking about the server stuff. I feel like I'm going to have to like recap this one. Interesting. Steve. That is something that I do definitely want to get to. But I'm also just really loving learning about all the databases and data and all things data. A lot of fun
Uh. Oh, you guys are still talking about the server stuff. I feel like I'm going to have to like recap this one. Interesting. Steve. That is something that I do definitely want to get to. But I'm also just really loving learning about all the databases and data and all things data. A lot of fun A lot of fun. I forgot to do this. and ex then Learner, that is like, what ever I had. Like the words you're using make sense
A lot of fun. I forgot to do this. and ex then Learner, that is like, what ever I had. Like the words you're using make sense Russ is a programming language that doesn't use garbage collectors yet still lets you not deal with the complexity of manual, deallocating memory yourself in potentially undesirable ways
Russ is a programming language that doesn't use garbage collectors yet still lets you not deal with the complexity of manual, deallocating memory yourself in potentially undesirable ways I feel like that's when I start to get really confused as I'm like, um, how does that compare to like JavaScript then
I feel like that's when I start to get really confused as I'm like, um, how does that compare to like JavaScript then Because like the only context I have for like something like going is no, no, no, no, like, it wasn't, I mean, they're all kind of complicated, but, oh, Anthony is that for JavaScript then or for Rust that you have to declare how many bytes
Because like the only context I have for like something like going is no, no, no, no, like, it wasn't, I mean, they're all kind of complicated, but, oh, Anthony is that for JavaScript then or for Rust that you have to declare how many bytes I feel like I haven't done that in JavaScript, but I don't know
I feel like I haven't done that in JavaScript, but I don't know Okay. Interesting. Huh. Oh, there's so much to learn. Jaden, are you having, if you're still here, are you having fun learning Rust? Like what other languages do you know? Interesting
Okay. Interesting. Huh. Oh, there's so much to learn. Jaden, are you having, if you're still here, are you having fun learning Rust? Like what other languages do you know? Interesting I will say, I mean, if the school does find out, if y'all end up telling on me, it's okay, because it's been so long, I've never got a degree, but I went to school and took a semester and thought I was like, this is back when I was like, I want to be a developer
I will say, I mean, if the school does find out, if y'all end up telling on me, it's okay, because it's been so long, I've never got a degree, but I went to school and took a semester and thought I was like, this is back when I was like, I want to be a developer And like 12 years ago, and I took a C++ class and it did not click. No matter what I did, I could not get it. Back then I also didn't know that I was like ADHD or when I learned the best or any of that or that I'm dyslexic
And like 12 years ago, and I took a C++ class and it did not click. No matter what I did, I could not get it. Back then I also didn't know that I was like ADHD or when I learned the best or any of that or that I'm dyslexic So I paid somebody off a Craigslist to do my homework for me, but make the mistakes in there for me. Not the proudest moment, but also I still don't understand C++. That's okay
So I paid somebody off a Craigslist to do my homework for me, but make the mistakes in there for me. Not the proudest moment, but also I still don't understand C++. That's okay Perseus, I'm okay, this sounds weird because I'm not trying to push the server, I'm just trying to give a resource of if you wanted to join our discord server, we talk about this stuff a lot in there too, of how to use something, what's the best way to use it, like those type of things or resources
Perseus, I'm okay, this sounds weird because I'm not trying to push the server, I'm just trying to give a resource of if you wanted to join our discord server, we talk about this stuff a lot in there too, of how to use something, what's the best way to use it, like those type of things or resources So that is, if you want to check it out, you can join that server too. K, containing the conversation
So that is, if you want to check it out, you can join that server too. K, containing the conversation Hmm Hmm, I think we're almost done with this stupid stuff Oh And I can get the URL did I know
Hmm Hmm, I think we're almost done with this stupid stuff Oh And I can get the URL did I know Yeah All right, so Rust is a develop is developed as a systems program in language Which is aimed at creating fast concurrent and memory made software It's often seen as an alternative to C C++ Interesting Oh an interesting one to let you all know about is Working on getting So somebody from AWS has said yes Google has said yes Microsoft has said yes Jacob or somebody else from Cloudflare will say yes about like having each of them on the show to have us learn about Those clouds like what they do those type of things and then I want to see if this is the part that I'm totally not sure about Seen if they would be open to like having discussions about What around the clouds like in comparisons when people are going to them because I also kind of want to do that for languages someday too But that could be weird They both might be worth You Think we're almost done okay Interfaces that only has the one a race Have the three Functions I don't think I got those once Never Oh You Um, no Okay I'm just isn't have anything and I don't get const
Yeah All right, so Rust is a develop is developed as a systems program in language Which is aimed at creating fast concurrent and memory made software It's often seen as an alternative to C C++ Interesting Oh an interesting one to let you all know about is Working on getting So somebody from AWS has said yes Google has said yes Microsoft has said yes Jacob or somebody else from Cloudflare will say yes about like having each of them on the show to have us learn about Those clouds like what they do those type of things and then I want to see if this is the part that I'm totally not sure about Seen if they would be open to like having discussions about What around the clouds like in comparisons when people are going to them because I also kind of want to do that for languages someday too But that could be weird They both might be worth You Think we're almost done okay Interfaces that only has the one a race Have the three Functions I don't think I got those once Never Oh You Um, no Okay I'm just isn't have anything and I don't get const And doesn't have any. Doesn't have any. Yeah, whatever works for me. Right. Our crepes cuter. Just saying. Our crepes cuter. Just saying. You can see. We'll compare them side by side. Hmm. I'm trying to think of where I can. I don't know. What is our 404? Needy, needy, needy. Needy, needy, needy
And doesn't have any. Doesn't have any. Yeah, whatever works for me. Right. Our crepes cuter. Just saying. Our crepes cuter. Just saying. You can see. We'll compare them side by side. Hmm. I'm trying to think of where I can. I don't know. What is our 404? Needy, needy, needy. Needy, needy, needy Now they don't have it on the 404. That's fine. We will go to. Probably way too much into this because I'm going to go to this. And then we're going to go to press kits. Because that's where my mind goes. Brand guide. Maybe. Did you all know that a lot of websites have this because
Now they don't have it on the 404. That's fine. We will go to. Probably way too much into this because I'm going to go to this. And then we're going to go to press kits. Because that's where my mind goes. Brand guide. Maybe. Did you all know that a lot of websites have this because In case you ever need to use their graphics for anything. Just look how cute our crepes. Look. I mean. I personally think our crepes cuter. It's friendlier. It's like, hey, how's it going? Not what up. I don't know. What do you guys think? Hughes is cuter. Rust. And I guess that's the other thing
In case you ever need to use their graphics for anything. Just look how cute our crepes. Look. I mean. I personally think our crepes cuter. It's friendlier. It's like, hey, how's it going? Not what up. I don't know. What do you guys think? Hughes is cuter. Rust. And I guess that's the other thing I'm like. This logo makes sense because rust. They have an R with a gear. That makes sense to me. I think crabs are crusty, but not rusty. They're not metal. Personal opinion here. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that
I'm like. This logo makes sense because rust. They have an R with a gear. That makes sense to me. I think crabs are crusty, but not rusty. They're not metal. Personal opinion here. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that. I'm not going to be able to do that All right. All right. Okay, I think I'm finally done with stupid read me. Amit. Yes. This is also what happens when you don't do them for. Like you're planning on. Okay. Okay. Look. It's that those giantus read me ever. I'm not. I'm not. Okay. We got to take waves. We got the breakdowns
All right. All right. Okay, I think I'm finally done with stupid read me. Amit. Yes. This is also what happens when you don't do them for. Like you're planning on. Okay. Okay. Look. It's that those giantus read me ever. I'm not. I'm not. Okay. We got to take waves. We got the breakdowns Some of them didn't go exactly right and I forgot to put the word project in them. Whatever. Probably bold that final thing. Huh. If anybody has time or feels like it, thank you Shane, that is awesome
Some of them didn't go exactly right and I forgot to put the word project in them. Whatever. Probably bold that final thing. Huh. If anybody has time or feels like it, thank you Shane, that is awesome If anybody has time and wants to go through and actually make sure that my links go to things and and all right, that would be awesome. And I'm really hoping it does not take me this long to get through. Okay, you guys can buy the book. I didn't know I had this up. But let's go up and paste it
If anybody has time and wants to go through and actually make sure that my links go to things and and all right, that would be awesome. And I'm really hoping it does not take me this long to get through. Okay, you guys can buy the book. I didn't know I had this up. But let's go up and paste it Oh yeah, because it's one of the links I have in the read me. There is the. But I actually wanted to do two hours ago when I started this stream. No big deal. Okay. We're going to go to system of the cloud. We've got it downloaded. We got it here. What are we doing? We probably need this. Maybe
Oh yeah, because it's one of the links I have in the read me. There is the. But I actually wanted to do two hours ago when I started this stream. No big deal. Okay. We're going to go to system of the cloud. We've got it downloaded. We got it here. What are we doing? We probably need this. Maybe Maybe. Maybe we need that. And I should already have node and all that. And go into. See me. Alex. The type is system. We're in flash system of a cloud. Really. Okay, fine. We're just going to mean only go through it over here. Yes. Projects. Oh, there's a project within projects
Maybe. Maybe we need that. And I should already have node and all that. And go into. See me. Alex. The type is system. We're in flash system of a cloud. Really. Okay, fine. We're just going to mean only go through it over here. Yes. Projects. Oh, there's a project within projects Well, that's okay. My bad. Um, the type system. System of the cloud. Okay. Oh, did it. I didn't realize that. It's definitely in my opinion worth the investment. I was like, this makes it has made it so much easier. And I think it's a great way of breaking it down. It's not like the normal
Well, that's okay. My bad. Um, the type system. System of the cloud. Okay. Oh, did it. I didn't realize that. It's definitely in my opinion worth the investment. I was like, this makes it has made it so much easier. And I think it's a great way of breaking it down. It's not like the normal How to say it like the normal. A lot of these books are really boring. That's that's an easier way of saying it. They're they're so overly academic and dull that it's like, I'm how am I going to learn? Okay, we don't need this. We don't need to put her up anymore. We can ignore the Twitter's
How to say it like the normal. A lot of these books are really boring. That's that's an easier way of saying it. They're they're so overly academic and dull that it's like, I'm how am I going to learn? Okay, we don't need this. We don't need to put her up anymore. We can ignore the Twitter's Oh, and snag it. And these folders. Yay. We got left. There we go. So. Let me move these vice versa. Open the your editor and the project's dress. Gray and your terminal run the TypeScript compiler via. TSC script within whichever step you're working on
Oh, and snag it. And these folders. Yay. We got left. There we go. So. Let me move these vice versa. Open the your editor and the project's dress. Gray and your terminal run the TypeScript compiler via. TSC script within whichever step you're working on For example, to start the TypeScript compiler on the first step. And okay. We'll copy this, key up and see what happens. Okay. Okay, AST. Ah! Why wouldn't I have to... Yeah! Yeah! Are you okay? I'm fine
For example, to start the TypeScript compiler on the first step. And okay. We'll copy this, key up and see what happens. Okay. Okay, AST. Ah! Why wouldn't I have to... Yeah! Yeah! Are you okay? I'm fine Are you okay? Are you okay? Are you okay? This is really weird, y'all, because I thought I had to script on here. I don't know why I wouldn't have to script on here. Let's go reinstall it. Let me see this one. Maybe I just... You know? Let me try this just to see if I didn't have it installed
Are you okay? Are you okay? Are you okay? This is really weird, y'all, because I thought I had to script on here. I don't know why I wouldn't have to script on here. Let's go reinstall it. Let me see this one. Maybe I just... You know? Let me try this just to see if I didn't have it installed Uh-oh. Oh, I want to think. I'm just going to try... ...this and then we'll try what you just said, my name. Oh! There we go. Okay. It's cool. Gotta go. Close all of these, because I'm going to get confused out there a bit. Starting compilation in Watch Mode. The 01-clowning-around-forces-index.ts
Uh-oh. Oh, I want to think. I'm just going to try... ...this and then we'll try what you just said, my name. Oh! There we go. Okay. It's cool. Gotta go. Close all of these, because I'm going to get confused out there a bit. Starting compilation in Watch Mode. The 01-clowning-around-forces-index.tsts. 34-38-air. TS-23-65. Operator plus equals cannot be applied to types number and string slash number. 34-for-let. It feels weird trying to read all these out loud. Okay. Yes, there is a... ...in-air. We got the air. That's good. We are seeing what we're supposed to see
ts. 34-38-air. TS-23-65. Operator plus equals cannot be applied to types number and string slash number. 34-for-let. It feels weird trying to read all these out loud. Okay. Yes, there is a... ...in-air. We got the air. That's good. We are seeing what we're supposed to see Let's move this a little more. The bay. Uh-huh. Step one. The bay is going to be drink water first or energy drink. Because these are my favorites. Oh! Thank you, learner. I was like, watch it. We're doing something. So it's... ...errors updates with your code changes. Okay, that's cool
Let's move this a little more. The bay. Uh-huh. Step one. The bay is going to be drink water first or energy drink. Because these are my favorites. Oh! Thank you, learner. I was like, watch it. We're doing something. So it's... ...errors updates with your code changes. Okay, that's cool Okay, that's cool. So that means... See what? Like here. And we'll see then. Okay. The... ...step one, clowning around. Oh, yeah. Learner, please do not apologize. Hey, I'm streaming way longer than I normally do. Be... You're on the other side of the world. Go to sleep. Like..
Okay, that's cool. So that means... See what? Like here. And we'll see then. Okay. The... ...step one, clowning around. Oh, yeah. Learner, please do not apologize. Hey, I'm streaming way longer than I normally do. Be... You're on the other side of the world. Go to sleep. Like.. Like... I'm so used to like... ...with... especially with everyone being in... ...like a lot of the company being... ...in Europe. And I'm on the farthest... ...what almost farthest... ...um... ...East, West, West. There we go. West, I'm used to people having to... ...cheek up bounce early. Okay
Like... I'm so used to like... ...with... especially with everyone being in... ...like a lot of the company being... ...in Europe. And I'm on the farthest... ...what almost farthest... ...um... ...East, West, West. There we go. West, I'm used to people having to... ...cheek up bounce early. Okay Okay. Oh, a lot of notifications. Guess I should look at these from time to time. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. New, McGinn, all the notifications. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Okay. I know I'm not paying attention to my stream for a second. I get it
Okay. Oh, a lot of notifications. Guess I should look at these from time to time. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. New, McGinn, all the notifications. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Okay. I know I'm not paying attention to my stream for a second. I get it I get it. When you've been streaming for three hours... ...there's a lot of catch-up on. So... Yay! You good? Oh, we got one more. That I... Oh, yay! Okay, that was fun. Alright. So... ...back to this. Step one. Clowning around. The first area of code I'll need you to fix is the... ..
I get it. When you've been streaming for three hours... ...there's a lot of catch-up on. So... Yay! You good? Oh, we got one more. That I... Oh, yay! Okay, that was fun. Alright. So... ...back to this. Step one. Clowning around. The first area of code I'll need you to fix is the... .... ...activity assignment engine. It repeatedly creates groups of... ...size five to ten gas. Each group is directed to go to an activity... ...which can hold up to a certain number of them at a time. It looks like the clowns didn't change too much on this one
.. ...activity assignment engine. It repeatedly creates groups of... ...size five to ten gas. Each group is directed to go to an activity... ...which can hold up to a certain number of them at a time. It looks like the clowns didn't change too much on this one They mostly just removed a few type annotations... ...and changed one value. Could you please add back any missing type annotations... ...and involve evolving or implicit any's... ...and fix the wrong value. Okay. So we're gonna go to index.ts. Yay! Nuh-nuh-nuh, nuh-nuh-nuh! Mmm-hmm. Mmm-hmm. Yes
They mostly just removed a few type annotations... ...and changed one value. Could you please add back any missing type annotations... ...and involve evolving or implicit any's... ...and fix the wrong value. Okay. So we're gonna go to index.ts. Yay! Nuh-nuh-nuh, nuh-nuh-nuh! Mmm-hmm. Mmm-hmm. Yes Mmm-hmm. Yes. You want the TypeScript one. That wouldn't make sense. Yeah, that's what you thought. Okay. And minimize this again. Light remaining gas. The 20. While true. And then... I really do have too many of these... ...all-in-one page. Nuh-nuh-nuh, duh-nuh, duh-nuh, duh-nuh. I mean, fine
Mmm-hmm. Yes. You want the TypeScript one. That wouldn't make sense. Yeah, that's what you thought. Okay. And minimize this again. Light remaining gas. The 20. While true. And then... I really do have too many of these... ...all-in-one page. Nuh-nuh-nuh, duh-nuh, duh-nuh, duh-nuh. I mean, fine I mean, fine. You can see that right. And I haven't looked at chapter two in a while, so let's go back and look at it. Type is a description of what a JavaScript value might... ...Javascript value shape might be by shape
I mean, fine. You can see that right. And I haven't looked at chapter two in a while, so let's go back and look at it. Type is a description of what a JavaScript value might... ...Javascript value shape might be by shape Means which properties and methods exist on a value and what the built-in type of operator would describe it as. Mmm. If I let's hear... ...if I let's hear... ...I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it
Means which properties and methods exist on a value and what the built-in type of operator would describe it as. Mmm. If I let's hear... ...if I let's hear... ...I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it
I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it
I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. The music
I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. I'm not sure if I can hear it. The music The music. Gotta get the music back. Okay. I'm gonna... He's all right here. He's all right here. That's why I'm here. Let's see. Each group of guests will be size 5 to 0. Okay. Not gonna lie. I think three hours in and I'm a little... little... little brain dead
The music. Gotta get the music back. Okay. I'm gonna... He's all right here. He's all right here. That's why I'm here. Let's see. Each group of guests will be size 5 to 0. Okay. Not gonna lie. I think three hours in and I'm a little... little... little brain dead. little brain dead. I think that what this means is I'm basically gonna have to come back and stream later. Because I want to get this done and this is going to take more thought process. But we got the rest of it set up. Which is good. Okay. Let's make sure everything is committed
. little brain dead. I think that what this means is I'm basically gonna have to come back and stream later. Because I want to get this done and this is going to take more thought process. But we got the rest of it set up. Which is good. Okay. Let's make sure everything is committed That's what I'll do both if I do it up here. Because this is a great commitment name. Yes. That's what I don't understand. It's so weird. Oh, you're still trying to put... Oh, kids. I didn't... Okay. Okay. Okay. I will troubleshoot this stuff in another day. Because it's just... it's not clicking
That's what I'll do both if I do it up here. Because this is a great commitment name. Yes. That's what I don't understand. It's so weird. Oh, you're still trying to put... Oh, kids. I didn't... Okay. Okay. Okay. I will troubleshoot this stuff in another day. Because it's just... it's not clicking. it's not clicking. It's not gonna happen. Which is okay. That's what happens. And thank you to everybody that has come to hang out today. It was fun. It's been rad. I will be back next week. I will be streaming from Denver, Colorado. If anybody wants to... It's gonna be at Denver Startup Week
. it's not clicking. It's not gonna happen. Which is okay. That's what happens. And thank you to everybody that has come to hang out today. It was fun. It's been rad. I will be back next week. I will be streaming from Denver, Colorado. If anybody wants to... It's gonna be at Denver Startup Week Come hang out with me. Say hi. And let's see who we might be able to raid. Let's see. I don't know if anybody's saw online. Oh, Josh's. Yay. I mean, we've been talking about him enough, right? All right. I'll have a wonderful evening.
Come hang out with me. Say hi. And let's see who we might be able to raid. Let's see. I don't know if anybody's saw online. Oh, Josh's. Yay. I mean, we've been talking about him enough, right? All right. I'll have a wonderful evening.