Hello, hello beautiful humans. Welcome to an episode of Teach Gen Tech. And before I go introducing today, I think I annoyed myself with the intro song. Like it was just too long Like I was like, can we just get this over with? So I need to look into either better music for that or into like cutting it down to like three minutes or something. Because I was like, I'm done. Like let's go. But today we are finally finally finally talking about Astro
Like I was like, can we just get this over with? So I need to look into either better music for that or into like cutting it down to like three minutes or something. Because I was like, I'm done. Like let's go. But today we are finally finally finally talking about Astro And I am very excited about all of this y'all because this this theme creator, I'm not even going to try to say your name yet. I will get to that. This theme creator, I found the theme back in I think January. And yeah, and I didn't know much about Astro
And I am very excited about all of this y'all because this this theme creator, I'm not even going to try to say your name yet. I will get to that. This theme creator, I found the theme back in I think January. And yeah, and I didn't know much about Astro And it was like, oh, I'll try Astro because I need to try to make a portfolio. And then I looked through all the themes and then I found your brutal theme and I fell in love. And I was like, and not knowing all the things I couldn't do. Yeah, yeah, that's that's how we got to this point
And it was like, oh, I'll try Astro because I need to try to make a portfolio. And then I looked through all the themes and then I found your brutal theme and I fell in love. And I was like, and not knowing all the things I couldn't do. Yeah, yeah, that's that's how we got to this point But who are you and how do you say your name? Because this is this is the big debate on the fact that I butcher your name every time you've joined. No worries, no worries. Hi, everyone. I'm Ileon Von Kutsen, which is my complete name
But who are you and how do you say your name? Because this is this is the big debate on the fact that I butcher your name every time you've joined. No worries, no worries. Hi, everyone. I'm Ileon Von Kutsen, which is my complete name Ileon, if you say alien, it's also fine because in English, it's kind of difficult to pronounce, no problem at all. And I'm a core member of Astro. I work at the Astro technology company since August. I've joined full time now. And I live in Belgium
Ileon, if you say alien, it's also fine because in English, it's kind of difficult to pronounce, no problem at all. And I'm a core member of Astro. I work at the Astro technology company since August. I've joined full time now. And I live in Belgium If that's something that you want to know, and I think that's everything about me, I work specifically in team developer experience. I didn't know if I mentioned that that might be important. That's it, I guess. I think that's really interesting
If that's something that you want to know, and I think that's everything about me, I work specifically in team developer experience. I didn't know if I mentioned that that might be important. That's it, I guess. I think that's really interesting I think it is important because the developer experience is a big reason we have this show is to teach like newbies, but also get to know the experience of people being able to bring it down, explain things. And yes, I think location is good because people know that it is like 7 p.m. for you
I think it is important because the developer experience is a big reason we have this show is to teach like newbies, but also get to know the experience of people being able to bring it down, explain things. And yes, I think location is good because people know that it is like 7 p.m. for youm. for you. And hello learner. It's like midnight learners time. And dedicated. Is it high deal? High deal? High deal. I'm going to go with that. High deal. It's a member of the community of Astro as well. Yay, welcome. Very involved in starlight if you know what that is
m. for you. And hello learner. It's like midnight learners time. And dedicated. Is it high deal? High deal? High deal. I'm going to go with that. High deal. It's a member of the community of Astro as well. Yay, welcome. Very involved in starlight if you know what that is And if not, we'll get into it later. Oh, please. I'm like, you're going to, so I kind of want to show everyone we're going to see how different it is now
And if not, we'll get into it later. Oh, please. I'm like, you're going to, so I kind of want to show everyone we're going to see how different it is now But how? I'm kind of, I'm just like so excited about this one that I'm like, I don't even know how to start because I'll start with just sharing my window of I'm not going to go into too much detail about what Astro is. That's why you're here
But how? I'm kind of, I'm just like so excited about this one that I'm like, I don't even know how to start because I'll start with just sharing my window of I'm not going to go into too much detail about what Astro is. That's why you're here But this is, this is what happened to y'all is I kept hearing about Astro from everyone, not really knowing what it is. I'm like, I don't know what Astro is. Let's go check it out. Let's see. I'm like, okay, so here's how you install it. Cool. I can figure that out. I'm looking through everything
But this is, this is what happened to y'all is I kept hearing about Astro from everyone, not really knowing what it is. I'm like, I don't know what Astro is. Let's go check it out. Let's see. I'm like, okay, so here's how you install it. Cool. I can figure that out. I'm looking through everything Get it. And somehow, let's see if it's still here. I've looked at this. It's either under showcases or resources. It was like teams. It's in both. It's in both. Oh, yeah. If you scroll down, it's there. And if you go to themes, it's also be there. Yeah. Is your theme still here? It should be
Get it. And somehow, let's see if it's still here. I've looked at this. It's either under showcases or resources. It was like teams. It's in both. It's in both. Oh, yeah. If you scroll down, it's there. And if you go to themes, it's also be there. Yeah. Is your theme still here? It should be I haven't looked at it in a while. But I think it's on the third page. I think it ranks them by stars. So definitely everyone we need to go star his theme. Because this was the first theme that I it was like, I think it was this one that I first tried out with
I haven't looked at it in a while. But I think it's on the third page. I think it ranks them by stars. So definitely everyone we need to go star his theme. Because this was the first theme that I it was like, I think it was this one that I first tried out with And let's just say for not knowing what I was doing, I broke a lot of stuff. I made it look really goofy. It was not, it it was a theme like this one. And then I'm just going to go search for it. See. There it is. And then I found this thing. And I was like, oh my god, I need this theme in my life
And let's just say for not knowing what I was doing, I broke a lot of stuff. I made it look really goofy. It was not, it it was a theme like this one. And then I'm just going to go search for it. See. There it is. And then I found this thing. And I was like, oh my god, I need this theme in my life This is everything I need in the world. And this is as far as I like looking into things. And I was like, okay, I can do this. And I y'all I'm working on my website. I actually have the week off next week. I did some of the things. I kind of figured it out. But this is as far as I got
This is everything I need in the world. And this is as far as I like looking into things. And I was like, okay, I can do this. And I y'all I'm working on my website. I actually have the week off next week. I did some of the things. I kind of figured it out. But this is as far as I got And not what we're for going on today because there are a lot more resources. I just need time to work on it. But I think what Roy was on the stream a bit earlier. And we talked about different website types and those type of things, which I think is a great resource
And not what we're for going on today because there are a lot more resources. I just need time to work on it. But I think what Roy was on the stream a bit earlier. And we talked about different website types and those type of things, which I think is a great resource But to get us started now that we kind of know what caught my attention, I started working on my website started using your theme. And tweeted you. And that's how we got to know each other
But to get us started now that we kind of know what caught my attention, I started working on my website started using your theme. And tweeted you. And that's how we got to know each other What is Astro? Well, I always used to say like Astro is this meta framework for JavaScript that's mainly focused on content websites. But actually that's not really true anymore, which is also why you saw that our homepage changed a lot
What is Astro? Well, I always used to say like Astro is this meta framework for JavaScript that's mainly focused on content websites. But actually that's not really true anymore, which is also why you saw that our homepage changed a lot That's because we're trying to adapt with our wording because right now you can also use service side rendering. And you have so many uses for Astro that it's actually not really true anymore that it's just content only. But we do still say like content first
That's because we're trying to adapt with our wording because right now you can also use service side rendering. And you have so many uses for Astro that it's actually not really true anymore that it's just content only. But we do still say like content first So it's a content first framework with you can use JSX in it. You can use islands in it. And islands is this whole other thing. I'll get to it in a second as well. But now you can also build web applications and APIs in it
So it's a content first framework with you can use JSX in it. You can use islands in it. And islands is this whole other thing. I'll get to it in a second as well. But now you can also build web applications and APIs in it The thing is the like the weird feature that Astro has is that it doesn't chip any JavaScript by default. So if you just start a new Astro website you build some content in it you write some code. It will ship just HTML and CSS without any JavaScript at all
The thing is the like the weird feature that Astro has is that it doesn't chip any JavaScript by default. So if you just start a new Astro website you build some content in it you write some code. It will ship just HTML and CSS without any JavaScript at all Which was like really revolutionary thinking back in I think two years ago something like that. Of course you can still ship JavaScript where you need it. So you choose little blocks of interactivity and we call them islands, Astro islands. I think that's like the very fast pitch
Which was like really revolutionary thinking back in I think two years ago something like that. Of course you can still ship JavaScript where you need it. So you choose little blocks of interactivity and we call them islands, Astro islands. I think that's like the very fast pitch And then one of the also very cool things is that you can bring your own framework into it. So if you like reactive can totally use React in Astro. If you want to use view you can use view in Astro. You can use felt and almost any other framework. Of course that is using JavaScript
And then one of the also very cool things is that you can bring your own framework into it. So if you like reactive can totally use React in Astro. If you want to use view you can use view in Astro. You can use felt and almost any other framework. Of course that is using JavaScript But even then we'll compile it all down to HTML instead if you choose of course to use an island will use an island and then we'll ship JavaScript. I think that's it. Interesting. And now I'm like I knew the majority of that
But even then we'll compile it all down to HTML instead if you choose of course to use an island will use an island and then we'll ship JavaScript. I think that's it. Interesting. And now I'm like I knew the majority of that I think something that I've noticed in learning this way and working with I call them the OSRG team. It's like Jacob and Claire. They're all a clerk now. So Jacob and Roy and they literally are they're all over there. They're slowly all everyone's going to clerk in Astro
I think something that I've noticed in learning this way and working with I call them the OSRG team. It's like Jacob and Claire. They're all a clerk now. So Jacob and Roy and they literally are they're all over there. They're slowly all everyone's going to clerk in Astro So I do hope you're the two companies are best friends. And a lot of them have been helping me through this journey. And it's like I know a lot of what I'm doing but I don't realize the names of what something is
So I do hope you're the two companies are best friends. And a lot of them have been helping me through this journey. And it's like I know a lot of what I'm doing but I don't realize the names of what something is So could you that being said could you go a bit more into what the islands are compared to. Okay. Because I don't think I know that. Actually the easiest would be with a code sample. Do you want me to share a window into some life coding? Sure. I'm down. Okay
So could you that being said could you go a bit more into what the islands are compared to. Okay. Because I don't think I know that. Actually the easiest would be with a code sample. Do you want me to share a window into some life coding? Sure. I'm down. Okay I'm down. Okay. I'll try to share my screen that I think that would be the easiest. Let me get a second to get it set up. All right. So clicking present share my screen. And I'll just share my entire screen that way we're sure. All right. Can anyone confirm you can see my screen? Okay. Yeah
I'm down. Okay. I'll try to share my screen that I think that would be the easiest. Let me get a second to get it set up. All right. So clicking present share my screen. And I'll just share my entire screen that way we're sure. All right. Can anyone confirm you can see my screen? Okay. Yeah Yeah. Awesome. Oh, you're an ARC user. Yes, I am. It makes me very fast. And I like this thing. Cool. So we have this website called Astro.new. If you go to that website, you can just instantly start from some bootstrap projects, empty projects, anything you want
Yeah. Awesome. Oh, you're an ARC user. Yes, I am. It makes me very fast. And I like this thing. Cool. So we have this website called Astro.new. If you go to that website, you can just instantly start from some bootstrap projects, empty projects, anything you want So we can go over to the dogs who can get started with themes, of course. So you can try my team or any other theme. You can try Starlight, which is a separate project that we do that focuses on documentation. But let's just start out with an empty project. Let's do that
So we can go over to the dogs who can get started with themes, of course. So you can try my team or any other theme. You can try Starlight, which is a separate project that we do that focuses on documentation. But let's just start out with an empty project. Let's do that Let's do that. So I'm just going to do it in statutes all in the browser just to make it easy. Is this big enough for you all? Because I know it's typically not easily readable. Yes, I think it's big enough. What do you all think? And Luris says that they like the happy Houston. Oh, I love Houston
Let's do that. So I'm just going to do it in statutes all in the browser just to make it easy. Is this big enough for you all? Because I know it's typically not easily readable. Yes, I think it's big enough. What do you all think? And Luris says that they like the happy Houston. Oh, I love Houston Oh, I love Houston. Yeah, yeah. They're so cute. All right. So one of the first concepts in Astro is can we zoom the font? Yeah, we can. I'll try to make it a little bit bigger. Just got to make sure that I also have enough room to type. So this is an Astro file
Oh, I love Houston. Yeah, yeah. They're so cute. All right. So one of the first concepts in Astro is can we zoom the font? Yeah, we can. I'll try to make it a little bit bigger. Just got to make sure that I also have enough room to type. So this is an Astro file This is just HTML like you regularly write HTML. Of course, you can see like the brackets here, which looks a bit like JSX. Astro is a little bit based on JSX. I'll get into that later. And at the top, we have this, I think we call them code fences. Those define the front method
This is just HTML like you regularly write HTML. Of course, you can see like the brackets here, which looks a bit like JSX. Astro is a little bit based on JSX. I'll get into that later. And at the top, we have this, I think we call them code fences. Those define the front method And that's actually where you can just write JavaScript. So if I do const, hello, it's a string. Hello. Now, if I just want to say hello here, then let me just get the hello variable in there. It's probably our concept that oh, yeah, I need to for a minute
And that's actually where you can just write JavaScript. So if I do const, hello, it's a string. Hello. Now, if I just want to say hello here, then let me just get the hello variable in there. It's probably our concept that oh, yeah, I need to for a minute That you're all probably very familiar with. It's just variable in JavaScript or TypeScript. I guess we do support TypeScript. Well, yes, now we see hello. So if I now change this hello world. Once I save that file, you'll see that it updates instantly. Because we're in the live preview
That you're all probably very familiar with. It's just variable in JavaScript or TypeScript. I guess we do support TypeScript. Well, yes, now we see hello. So if I now change this hello world. Once I save that file, you'll see that it updates instantly. Because we're in the live preview Now, we support TypeScript. So if I type this is a number, I don't know if TypeScript is turned on, but it should give an error. Let me check it's the base. Let me get that to strict. Don't want to. Yes, hello world. Okay, I don't know why this is not working now. Awesome
Now, we support TypeScript. So if I type this is a number, I don't know if TypeScript is turned on, but it should give an error. Let me check it's the base. Let me get that to strict. Don't want to. Yes, hello world. Okay, I don't know why this is not working now. Awesome Awesome. It's it does support TypeScript believe me. So this is the basic that you need to know. Now, if you want to get into islands, we'll just use our super friendly Astro ad command here. So I just type in the bottom very if you can see it. And PX Astro ad and then L type react
Awesome. It's it does support TypeScript believe me. So this is the basic that you need to know. Now, if you want to get into islands, we'll just use our super friendly Astro ad command here. So I just type in the bottom very if you can see it. And PX Astro ad and then L type react And I'll also like to use stillwind because it's easy. So I just type those two. I say, yep, I want to install those packages. So let me get that done. Let's hope this goes fast because NPM can be quite slow sometimes
And I'll also like to use stillwind because it's easy. So I just type those two. I say, yep, I want to install those packages. So let me get that done. Let's hope this goes fast because NPM can be quite slow sometimes Yes, but that's like the risk of live coding, right? It's like, we're going to find out. Yep, exactly. Oh, and hi, open lord. Oh, and criticism here as well. All right, it's yeah, it's statutes that doesn't support TypeScript. Okay
Yes, but that's like the risk of live coding, right? It's like, we're going to find out. Yep, exactly. Oh, and hi, open lord. Oh, and criticism here as well. All right, it's yeah, it's statutes that doesn't support TypeScript. Okay Okay. So now if we start our project again, NPM run, death or run start, both work, we'll see. Okay, just the same, but we now see that all styles are resetting because we use stillwind. So now if we want to use stillwind, we can just type in our classes like we usually do. Next, Excel
Okay. So now if we start our project again, NPM run, death or run start, both work, we'll see. Okay, just the same, but we now see that all styles are resetting because we use stillwind. So now if we want to use stillwind, we can just type in our classes like we usually do. Next, Excel Next, Excel. That should work. Yeah. So if I go up to seven, it's a, that works. That's just the same as you usually do. Now the real magic comes in when we start to, when we start to use components
Next, Excel. That should work. Yeah. So if I go up to seven, it's a, that works. That's just the same as you usually do. Now the real magic comes in when we start to, when we start to use components So let me just get a new file here, which we call components slash, let me build a counter just because it's easiest. I'll make it JavaScript instead. Great question. So I think this is a great. I also am just enjoying seeing if I asking people random things to see how they answer them
So let me just get a new file here, which we call components slash, let me build a counter just because it's easiest. I'll make it JavaScript instead. Great question. So I think this is a great. I also am just enjoying seeing if I asking people random things to see how they answer them I think it's one of the most fun parts of the show of what are components? Because that was something that I hadn't built in other projects before. And when I really finally somewhat figured them out, well, I was a beginner. Like, well, I'm still pretty new
I think it's one of the most fun parts of the show of what are components? Because that was something that I hadn't built in other projects before. And when I really finally somewhat figured them out, well, I was a beginner. Like, well, I'm still pretty new But being a beginner, I was like, Astro was the first time I saw it. And I was like, huh, okay, I kind of get these kind of don't. So I'm curious how you would explain components. Okay, components are actually a way to abstract some of your code into components, which are just separate files
But being a beginner, I was like, Astro was the first time I saw it. And I was like, huh, okay, I kind of get these kind of don't. So I'm curious how you would explain components. Okay, components are actually a way to abstract some of your code into components, which are just separate files So you do a code splitting. See as being good for maintainability and reusability. For instance, if I want an about page, I don't want to copy this over and paste it. It will work because if I now go to slash about that page, it will say the same. Now, if I want to change the title for the knowing
So you do a code splitting. See as being good for maintainability and reusability. For instance, if I want an about page, I don't want to copy this over and paste it. It will work because if I now go to slash about that page, it will say the same. Now, if I want to change the title for the knowing So if I now go back to the homepage, it will still say hello world. Okay, that's cool. But what if I now want to change the global title for my website? I want this to say, um, brilliant, it's Astro. And here I want to do that as well
So if I now go back to the homepage, it will still say hello world. Okay, that's cool. But what if I now want to change the global title for my website? I want this to say, um, brilliant, it's Astro. And here I want to do that as well Do you see the problem if we start to do that repeatable times? It's very annoying. So what we can do is we abstract this just the head part into a component. So now we make a new component. In this case, it will be an astro component, which is called header.astro. Now I put my HTML in there
Do you see the problem if we start to do that repeatable times? It's very annoying. So what we can do is we abstract this just the head part into a component. So now we make a new component. In this case, it will be an astro component, which is called header.astro. Now I put my HTML in there Make sure this is an alignment. I make it. Elian X Astro. Now if I go to the about page, I can do the the right side. This correctly. Heather and import that header just like you would do with yes modules. Import header from components. Heather the astro
Make sure this is an alignment. I make it. Elian X Astro. Now if I go to the about page, I can do the the right side. This correctly. Heather and import that header just like you would do with yes modules. Import header from components. Heather the astro Heather the astro. So now if I say that file, it should see you can't see here, but that the title has been updated. Maybe I should have done didn't do this within header, but I can show it is off in a separate tab as well. That should work. And learner, I like the way that you explained it
Heather the astro. So now if I say that file, it should see you can't see here, but that the title has been updated. Maybe I should have done didn't do this within header, but I can show it is off in a separate tab as well. That should work. And learner, I like the way that you explained it You have a home page with different kinds of cards that you might want to reuse. You can make each one their own UI component. Yes, exactly. Sarah, I love this idea. Yes. Have the Astro community call with Teach, Shed and Tech, and we'll just start talking about Astro every week
You have a home page with different kinds of cards that you might want to reuse. You can make each one their own UI component. Yes, exactly. Sarah, I love this idea. Yes. Have the Astro community call with Teach, Shed and Tech, and we'll just start talking about Astro every week I'm okay with that. I feel like it'd be a great learning opportunity. Sounds like a great plan. I agree. So now that I've made this like my separate component, I can import it into my page and it will display everywhere the same. If I change it here, it will change everywhere
I'm okay with that. I feel like it'd be a great learning opportunity. Sounds like a great plan. I agree. So now that I've made this like my separate component, I can import it into my page and it will display everywhere the same. If I change it here, it will change everywhere That's the thing about components. So we were looking into React component. And React component is just React, of course, is a framework. I think you know React. So it's not that difficult. So I'm just going to import a UState of React, not from Astro.DS React. We're just using regular React
That's the thing about components. So we were looking into React component. And React component is just React, of course, is a framework. I think you know React. So it's not that difficult. So I'm just going to import a UState of React, not from Astro.DS React. We're just using regular React Then we're exporting a function, which is an anonymous function called counter. And then we can return something, which in this case will be an H1 saying hello from React. That's a simple component in React. Now if we go to the bow page, am I still in the bow page? No, I'm not
Then we're exporting a function, which is an anonymous function called counter. And then we can return something, which in this case will be an H1 saying hello from React. That's a simple component in React. Now if we go to the bow page, am I still in the bow page? No, I'm not So I'll do it in the homepage. If I now want to import that, we just do the same like with the previous component, we just do counter, which will import some components. Now let's see if that works. I'm able to run the counter because it's defined. That's true because it's not a default export
So I'll do it in the homepage. If I now want to import that, we just do the same like with the previous component, we just do counter, which will import some components. Now let's see if that works. I'm able to run the counter because it's defined. That's true because it's not a default export There we go. Now we have React component. Now you'll know that React is a client-side thing. Let me, by the way, close this. So if you would normally use React, you'll ship the library itself to render to make sure that it's able to render. All the JavaScript we are going to compile them to HTML
There we go. Now we have React component. Now you'll know that React is a client-side thing. Let me, by the way, close this. So if you would normally use React, you'll ship the library itself to render to make sure that it's able to render. All the JavaScript we are going to compile them to HTML So if I now do NPM build, we're building our Astro project. And I do NPM run preview. We're just running preview. All right, we have the preview. This is the same website. So you see the hello React. If I now go to the inspect, you shoot
So if I now do NPM build, we're building our Astro project. And I do NPM run preview. We're just running preview. All right, we have the preview. This is the same website. So you see the hello React. If I now go to the inspect, you shoot In the network, I'll see if I can make this bigger for you all. Yeah, we have local scripts and stuff, but there is no JavaScript being shipped from the counter component
In the network, I'll see if I can make this bigger for you all. Yeah, we have local scripts and stuff, but there is no JavaScript being shipped from the counter component Now if you wanted to, because we need Reactivity, for instance, if we want to make our counter have some state, let's add some state. Let's do count. Set count, which is UState0. Then we'll add this in brackets again. We'll add a button with a plus. We'll add a button with a minus
Now if you wanted to, because we need Reactivity, for instance, if we want to make our counter have some state, let's add some state. Let's do count. Set count, which is UState0. Then we'll add this in brackets again. We'll add a button with a plus. We'll add a button with a minus And we'll close it with fragment and open it with a fragment as well. These are just React specific things. I'm not doing anything weird. Just do count. So if we just again start our NPM run dev, X, we can see plus and minus. I'll make them a little bit larger as well. That's a big
And we'll close it with fragment and open it with a fragment as well. These are just React specific things. I'm not doing anything weird. Just do count. So if we just again start our NPM run dev, X, we can see plus and minus. I'll make them a little bit larger as well. That's a big That's a big. So we call as well. And let's make this also. Normally, I would like put some styling that's good in here, but for now, it's just to show it off what it does. I don't feel like we really need fancy styling, considering we're doing a live coding really quick to understand islands
That's a big. So we call as well. And let's make this also. Normally, I would like put some styling that's good in here, but for now, it's just to show it off what it does. I don't feel like we really need fancy styling, considering we're doing a live coding really quick to understand islands Yeah, exactly. So now what we want to do is, of course, change that variable. We have a variable that starts with zero and we never updated. We want to update when we press zero, when we press plus or minus. That makes sense, right? So we can do an on-click here
Yeah, exactly. So now what we want to do is, of course, change that variable. We have a variable that starts with zero and we never updated. We want to update when we press zero, when we press plus or minus. That makes sense, right? So we can do an on-click here So on a click, I want this to execute a function. And that function will set our count to the value of count. That's fun. That makes sense, right? Yes. Yes. If that reloads, where did I go wrong? Probably just need to refresh again. Okay. So now we have a plus button
So on a click, I want this to execute a function. And that function will set our count to the value of count. That's fun. That makes sense, right? Yes. Yes. If that reloads, where did I go wrong? Probably just need to refresh again. Okay. So now we have a plus button And if we copy it down again and make that a minus. Nice. This is just a basic counter component. And if you would do this and react, it would work. You would expect it to work. If you do this in Astro, it doesn't work. And that has one simple reason. There is no JavaScript being shipped
And if we copy it down again and make that a minus. Nice. This is just a basic counter component. And if you would do this and react, it would work. You would expect it to work. If you do this in Astro, it doesn't work. And that has one simple reason. There is no JavaScript being shipped It's still being compiled all down to HTML. And in your HTML, there is just zero. So what do we do to change that? Well, we have client directives and those actually define your reactivity and how you do your interactivity or hydration as we call it
It's still being compiled all down to HTML. And in your HTML, there is just zero. So what do we do to change that? Well, we have client directives and those actually define your reactivity and how you do your interactivity or hydration as we call it And in this case, we just do client load, which means, hey, this is JavaScript component. Chips some JavaScript to this. And now if we save this, we can see it's working. That's what an island does. So now is the crazy part if I duplicate this component. It would expect that it would have one
And in this case, we just do client load, which means, hey, this is JavaScript component. Chips some JavaScript to this. And now if we save this, we can see it's working. That's what an island does. So now is the crazy part if I duplicate this component. It would expect that it would have one It doesn't have the same state because we're just having two different components. But what happens if I remove that client here, that this one won't work anymore? Well, this one still works. And it would only ship JavaScript for just that one component
It doesn't have the same state because we're just having two different components. But what happens if I remove that client here, that this one won't work anymore? Well, this one still works. And it would only ship JavaScript for just that one component That's why we call it an island because it's isolated from everything else. Is everyone following me? So since it doesn't execute JavaScript by default when it loads a website, it doing the client load to be able to execute JavaScript is what's called an island
That's why we call it an island because it's isolated from everything else. Is everyone following me? So since it doesn't execute JavaScript by default when it loads a website, it doing the client load to be able to execute JavaScript is what's called an island Therefore, that's why the yes, that makes sense. And also, I so wonder if that's where I got really stuck with before. Maybe the thing is we have a couple of client directives, which all react differently
Therefore, that's why the yes, that makes sense. And also, I so wonder if that's where I got really stuck with before. Maybe the thing is we have a couple of client directives, which all react differently So we have client idle, which will also hydrate your component, but will only do so when everything else from the main thread is ready. For instance, things that aren't like priority
So we have client idle, which will also hydrate your component, but will only do so when everything else from the main thread is ready. For instance, things that aren't like priority We have client visible, really interesting one, and probably the one that you should use most often, which is exactly what learners have. You only ship the JavaScript when a user sees the component, when it's in actual in your view. So that's really interesting
We have client visible, really interesting one, and probably the one that you should use most often, which is exactly what learners have. You only ship the JavaScript when a user sees the component, when it's in actual in your view. So that's really interesting For instance, if you have a lot of content here, if you just go like this, and we can actually do it like this, and then I'll copy this and paste these over a couple of times, and probably a lot more times. How we can see the other one. I'll save that one, and I'll build it
For instance, if you have a lot of content here, if you just go like this, and we can actually do it like this, and then I'll copy this and paste these over a couple of times, and probably a lot more times. How we can see the other one. I'll save that one, and I'll build it Let me get on this page as well so I can make it a little bit bigger. Let's see when it comes. So now we're running the preview again. Nice. Okay. Now there is no JavaScript being shipped unless I scrolled down
Let me get on this page as well so I can make it a little bit bigger. Let's see when it comes. So now we're running the preview again. Nice. Okay. Now there is no JavaScript being shipped unless I scrolled down This doesn't work like as it should work in stack blitz, but that's what it's supposed to do. And then when you're down, then it will only ship the JavaScript you need
This doesn't work like as it should work in stack blitz, but that's what it's supposed to do. And then when you're down, then it will only ship the JavaScript you need So for instance, if you have a heavy footer that needs some slider, for instance, you need some slider to display pictures, and it leads a lot of JavaScript and a lot of things to load in. I can ask it some stuff
So for instance, if you have a heavy footer that needs some slider, for instance, you need some slider to display pictures, and it leads a lot of JavaScript and a lot of things to load in. I can ask it some stuff Then you can actually avoid shipping that to any user when they're not on the component, which indeed will speed up your page loads and also like your bandwidth. You're not shipping anything a user don't need
Then you can actually avoid shipping that to any user when they're not on the component, which indeed will speed up your page loads and also like your bandwidth. You're not shipping anything a user don't need If a user is navigating before he actually does anything, why would you ship any JavaScript? That's the thing. And then we also have client only, and client media, for instance, when you only want to ship JavaScript when you're on a mobile page or when you're on a desktop page or different stuff
If a user is navigating before he actually does anything, why would you ship any JavaScript? That's the thing. And then we also have client only, and client media, for instance, when you only want to ship JavaScript when you're on a mobile page or when you're on a desktop page or different stuff You can navigate that. You can find anything about that in the doc. We have it's very well documented. Or you could try out. I'm like so excited about this. This is really, I'm looking at this. I didn't know this one. This is exciting because I was like, I didn't know this one
You can navigate that. You can find anything about that in the doc. We have it's very well documented. Or you could try out. I'm like so excited about this. This is really, I'm looking at this. I didn't know this one. This is exciting because I was like, I didn't know this one I wonder if this is where I got really stuck because I think as I was talking about earlier, it can be hard to ask for help when you don't know what something is called. And if somebody is not familiar with Astro, you don't necessarily know that it's not loading the JavaScript. No, exactly
I wonder if this is where I got really stuck because I think as I was talking about earlier, it can be hard to ask for help when you don't know what something is called. And if somebody is not familiar with Astro, you don't necessarily know that it's not loading the JavaScript. No, exactly No, exactly. That's really difficult. And one of the things that we, I asked who are really like putting effort into is creating a friendly environment where people can ask for help. We have separate support channels in our discord where people come in
No, exactly. That's really difficult. And one of the things that we, I asked who are really like putting effort into is creating a friendly environment where people can ask for help. We have separate support channels in our discord where people come in We have an AI also to help you out if it's faster than us. But we try to make it as friendly as possible. So if you do have a question or someone in the audience about Astro or your stack somewhere, you can just come into the Astro discord. It's very friendly. It's just Astro
We have an AI also to help you out if it's faster than us. But we try to make it as friendly as possible. So if you do have a question or someone in the audience about Astro or your stack somewhere, you can just come into the Astro discord. It's very friendly. It's just Astro It's just Astro. The build slash chat and it will take you to the discord. Yay. Thank you. Okay. I know that we had a lot that we wanted to go over and this was definitely one of them. We can go back more through all of that
It's just Astro. The build slash chat and it will take you to the discord. Yay. Thank you. Okay. I know that we had a lot that we wanted to go over and this was definitely one of them. We can go back more through all of that But I know that we also wanted to talk about, and I just want to make sure that we have enough time because we only have an hour for today. So it's like we have to put a lot into a little bit of time and very busy to you and to the rest of the Astro team
But I know that we also wanted to talk about, and I just want to make sure that we have enough time because we only have an hour for today. So it's like we have to put a lot into a little bit of time and very busy to you and to the rest of the Astro team All of you are welcome to come back on the show. Like this could be fun. Josh Goldberg with TypeScript, he comes on like once a month and we are slowly going through the book, which is really helpful if we're learning TypeScript and that's really fun. Okay
All of you are welcome to come back on the show. Like this could be fun. Josh Goldberg with TypeScript, he comes on like once a month and we are slowly going through the book, which is really helpful if we're learning TypeScript and that's really fun. Okay Okay. So I want to spend a little bit of time on this because documentation is something that I feel like Astro does a really good job about. And also something that we talked a bit about with Hectorberfest
Okay. So I want to spend a little bit of time on this because documentation is something that I feel like Astro does a really good job about. And also something that we talked a bit about with Hectorberfest So how can people help with Hectorberfest and what let me ask you what is Hectorberfest? Well, what is Hectorberfest? I'm actually not the right person to ask, but Hectorberfest is just like celebrate the month for open source help us in open source
So how can people help with Hectorberfest and what let me ask you what is Hectorberfest? Well, what is Hectorberfest? I'm actually not the right person to ask, but Hectorberfest is just like celebrate the month for open source help us in open source I'm trying to do something in open source, try something easy and every big open source project tries to open up a little bit of work for people to join in and help out in open source and learn about open source. And we're also participating in as being Astro
I'm trying to do something in open source, try something easy and every big open source project tries to open up a little bit of work for people to join in and help out in open source and learn about open source. And we're also participating in as being Astro We are helping people to create PRs and help out in documentation. Like what can they do and how can they achieve it and will try to help them as much as we can? I think that's a good explanation of what Hectorberfest is. I like it. I like it. And what a puck
We are helping people to create PRs and help out in documentation. Like what can they do and how can they achieve it and will try to help them as much as we can? I think that's a good explanation of what Hectorberfest is. I like it. I like it. And what a puck And what a puck. Yes, it's definitely something that I brought it up because documentation is something that I do. I personally do a lot of the live streaming because I personally get stuck on on docs because being super dyslexic, it's hard for me
And what a puck. Yes, it's definitely something that I brought it up because documentation is something that I do. I personally do a lot of the live streaming because I personally get stuck on on docs because being super dyslexic, it's hard for me That's why I love live streams or watching videos or asking my communities because I struggle with it yet at the same time it's always a starting point. And that is something I'm like, y'all, we need to pay attention to
That's why I love live streams or watching videos or asking my communities because I struggle with it yet at the same time it's always a starting point. And that is something I'm like, y'all, we need to pay attention to And if you haven't, check it out because they are really good at Astro is really good at their docs. I am going to share my screen really quick with there's a few going on. So let's actually go to the docs first. Astro build
And if you haven't, check it out because they are really good at Astro is really good at their docs. I am going to share my screen really quick with there's a few going on. So let's actually go to the docs first. Astro build Astro build. Resources which we already are, I'm excited that you have integrations like separately to you. Like an and document. There's just so many. There's so many. Oh, there is a lot of work being put in our docs and our lead of the docs is also in the chat. Thank you
Astro build. Resources which we already are, I'm excited that you have integrations like separately to you. Like an and document. There's just so many. There's so many. Oh, there is a lot of work being put in our docs and our lead of the docs is also in the chat. Thank you Thank you. Thank you, leave of docs and chat. It's Sarah. It's Sarah. Oh, it's Sarah. The couple of messages before. Yes. Yes. Hi, Sarah. Thank you, Sarah. It's definitely something that I really appreciate being able to go through all this and take a look
Thank you. Thank you, leave of docs and chat. It's Sarah. It's Sarah. Oh, it's Sarah. The couple of messages before. Yes. Yes. Hi, Sarah. Thank you, Sarah. It's definitely something that I really appreciate being able to go through all this and take a look And that's why I wanted to bring up HACTOverFest because it's so HACTOverFest is where it's for the month of October and people can do, I think it's for accepted PRs and they get it. If you get it done early enough that are accepted, you get a shirt. Yeah, you get some use of I think. Yeah
And that's why I wanted to bring up HACTOverFest because it's so HACTOverFest is where it's for the month of October and people can do, I think it's for accepted PRs and they get it. If you get it done early enough that are accepted, you get a shirt. Yeah, you get some use of I think. Yeah Yeah. And that's always the fun thing. So I just linked it right before hand for what they could, what you can do and what you can go into and this has been linked
Yeah. And that's always the fun thing. So I just linked it right before hand for what they could, what you can do and what you can go into and this has been linked So I'm not going to go through all of the nitty-gritty details, but this is a great segue to what is Starlight? Oh, Starlight is our framework, especially for documentation. You should go to the main website
So I'm not going to go through all of the nitty-gritty details, but this is a great segue to what is Starlight? Oh, Starlight is our framework, especially for documentation. You should go to the main website If you never saw it, it might become more and more familiar in the wild as well in the near future. Okay. Starting to see some pop-up in the wild. Starlight is the same way you work with content collections and markdown that you do in Astro. You can do in Starlight
If you never saw it, it might become more and more familiar in the wild as well in the near future. Okay. Starting to see some pop-up in the wild. Starlight is the same way you work with content collections and markdown that you do in Astro. You can do in Starlight So you have the complete developer experience of Astro, but with a lot of ease of use and of course with the good parts like hydration and lazy. Just to think of the Starlight.astro.build. I don't know if it's on there. I don't think so. It might be on the in the footer
So you have the complete developer experience of Astro, but with a lot of ease of use and of course with the good parts like hydration and lazy. Just to think of the Starlight.astro.build. I don't know if it's on there. I don't think so. It might be on the in the footer And you can use anything you want. For instance, you can use markdown, mark.mdx, anything like that. Or of course, you can use reacting it. You can use viewing it like that stuff that Astro does. You can use it as well
And you can use anything you want. For instance, you can use markdown, mark.mdx, anything like that. Or of course, you can use reacting it. You can use viewing it like that stuff that Astro does. You can use it as well And we're also porting our own documentation, of course, over to Starlight as well. So yeah. It's one of the clerks. Yeah. Yeah. Jacob. Yeah. Jacob. And thank you, Adolf Lorde for the link. But I just realized there's the Jans Island Bob Don't They Have a Show called Clerks
And we're also porting our own documentation, of course, over to Starlight as well. So yeah. It's one of the clerks. Yeah. Yeah. Jacob. Yeah. Jacob. And thank you, Adolf Lorde for the link. But I just realized there's the Jans Island Bob Don't They Have a Show called Clerks And now I'm always going to think about that when talking about everybody over at clerk. Anyway, this is cool. And Yeah. And it's really pretty as well
And now I'm always going to think about that when talking about everybody over at clerk. Anyway, this is cool. And Yeah. And it's really pretty as well You can kind of see it as, you know, if you're familiar with them, but like you have other stuff like docusaurus, for instance, is like one of the most known ones. This is a competitor in a way. Oh, this is cool. So one of the big ones that I used to use was actually stoplights
You can kind of see it as, you know, if you're familiar with them, but like you have other stuff like docusaurus, for instance, is like one of the most known ones. This is a competitor in a way. Oh, this is cool. So one of the big ones that I used to use was actually stoplights I used to work for them. They're an API spec company. They just got bought out by Smart Bear. But their documentation was just so easy to set up that I just loved using them. And I'm excited to see it. Now, do I need documentation? We I can write documentation for something. It's just so pretty
I used to work for them. They're an API spec company. They just got bought out by Smart Bear. But their documentation was just so easy to set up that I just loved using them. And I'm excited to see it. Now, do I need documentation? We I can write documentation for something. It's just so pretty Of course you can. There is a lot like the thing is that Hectorber, if I'm correct this year, is mainly how do you call it like encouraging low code or no code contributions. So of course, we have a couple of things that you can do in Astro that are no code, even or low code
Of course you can. There is a lot like the thing is that Hectorber, if I'm correct this year, is mainly how do you call it like encouraging low code or no code contributions. So of course, we have a couple of things that you can do in Astro that are no code, even or low code For instance, translations is one of the very big. Of course, I chose one that. Yeah. But the nice thing is that we asked for for instance, starlights since you're on starlight anyway. The whole UI is available in a couple of languages and every language is Sarah is typing some hype
For instance, translations is one of the very big. Of course, I chose one that. Yeah. But the nice thing is that we asked for for instance, starlights since you're on starlight anyway. The whole UI is available in a couple of languages and every language is Sarah is typing some hype This was created by a rockstein. Wait, there. Oh, yeah, there it is. You can read it. All right. Yeah, for sure. So we need to do the hype, the hype. It's important. This was created by our docs team, which incorporates everything we know about producing good docs from our writers
This was created by a rockstein. Wait, there. Oh, yeah, there it is. You can read it. All right. Yeah, for sure. So we need to do the hype, the hype. It's important. This was created by our docs team, which incorporates everything we know about producing good docs from our writers Subway suggesting good content architecture to choosing fonts that people can read and for longer stretches of time. I love that. I love that
Subway suggesting good content architecture to choosing fonts that people can read and for longer stretches of time. I love that. I love that I love that. And yes, I'm going to go on the hype train and just say, hey, everybody that's currently here, please hit that follow button because I need to grow my channel and we're going to have more dope people on and hopefully more Astro and eventually clerk. Jacob, I'm looking at you
I love that. And yes, I'm going to go on the hype train and just say, hey, everybody that's currently here, please hit that follow button because I need to grow my channel and we're going to have more dope people on and hopefully more Astro and eventually clerk. Jacob, I'm looking at you Jacob, that's directly at you. Now that you are at clerk, Roy can come on, but Jacob, I'm looking at you. Everyone joining clerk. Yes, yes. Can I learn her? Thank you for joining today. This is so cool
Jacob, that's directly at you. Now that you are at clerk, Roy can come on, but Jacob, I'm looking at you. Everyone joining clerk. Yes, yes. Can I learn her? Thank you for joining today. This is so cool This is so cool. Yeah, I would say then is it out of, especially since you do developer experience, what is something that you are most excited about with as there is a couple of stuff I'm super excited about? There is a couple of stuff I can't talk about yet
This is so cool. Yeah, I would say then is it out of, especially since you do developer experience, what is something that you are most excited about with as there is a couple of stuff I'm super excited about? There is a couple of stuff I can't talk about yet One of the coolest things, of course, is we have an open roadmap, so that's nothing secret. Is Astro 4? So we are deciding on what we're going to build in Astro 4. And that's super exciting. We're working on a lot of really cool stuff that I wanted to see in Astro itself and it's coming to Astro
One of the coolest things, of course, is we have an open roadmap, so that's nothing secret. Is Astro 4? So we are deciding on what we're going to build in Astro 4. And that's super exciting. We're working on a lot of really cool stuff that I wanted to see in Astro itself and it's coming to Astro So that's crazy. Super excited about that. For instance, we are building translation routing or internationalization into Astro itself. And I'm super excited about that that will solve a lot of problems I had in the past
So that's crazy. Super excited about that. For instance, we are building translation routing or internationalization into Astro itself. And I'm super excited about that that will solve a lot of problems I had in the past One of the really cool things as well is that we're porting our documentation side to Astro, which will also be awesome. So yeah, we're doing really a lot of work and a lot of cool work. Yeah, so I'm mainly excited about that. Yay
One of the really cool things as well is that we're porting our documentation side to Astro, which will also be awesome. So yeah, we're doing really a lot of work and a lot of cool work. Yeah, so I'm mainly excited about that. Yay Yay. And I would say, so for those who are looking at maybe they're like, hey, I know what Astro is. This is really cool
Yay. And I would say, so for those who are looking at maybe they're like, hey, I know what Astro is. This is really cool How would they go about creating a theme like you did? Like could you tell us a bit about your journey on creating your theme? And how we can also go star that theme because it's actually it's really easy. I coded it in two days. Doesn't mean that like building a theme has to be easy
How would they go about creating a theme like you did? Like could you tell us a bit about your journey on creating your theme? And how we can also go star that theme because it's actually it's really easy. I coded it in two days. Doesn't mean that like building a theme has to be easy It can be very hard if you're building something cool, but I've built something really, really easy. And actually it's just building your website like your website is and then just making it so general that I won't use it
It can be very hard if you're building something cool, but I've built something really, really easy. And actually it's just building your website like your website is and then just making it so general that I won't use it For instance, actually the brutal theme that you used was just my website that I published. So I published it. I removed a couple of things. I removed my name. I gave it another name and made it a little bit more generic. And then I published it
For instance, actually the brutal theme that you used was just my website that I published. So I published it. I removed a couple of things. I removed my name. I gave it another name and made it a little bit more generic. And then I published it And on the website itself from Astro, you can just submit a theme and then we'll add it into our team showcase. And the same for the showcase as well
And on the website itself from Astro, you can just submit a theme and then we'll add it into our team showcase. And the same for the showcase as well So if you built a website that's live with Astro, you can submit it to our showcase or you can even submit it in our discord channel and then we'll showcase it because we want people to see what people are building with Astro or with Starlight. Starlight also has it
So if you built a website that's live with Astro, you can submit it to our showcase or you can even submit it in our discord channel and then we'll showcase it because we want people to see what people are building with Astro or with Starlight. Starlight also has it And yeah, you can totally go star the brutal theme. It also has changed a lot since you used it. Oh, I bet. Yeah. That's one of the sad things about just normal teams is that once I publish an update, you don't get it because you're you forked it anyway. So that's sad
And yeah, you can totally go star the brutal theme. It also has changed a lot since you used it. Oh, I bet. Yeah. That's one of the sad things about just normal teams is that once I publish an update, you don't get it because you're you forked it anyway. So that's sad So that's sad. But yeah, that's how themes work, I guess. That's really cool though because that's something that actually got me excited about using Astro was checking out your theme and seeing that there's at least a starting point. It taught me a lot about also the differences
So that's sad. But yeah, that's how themes work, I guess. That's really cool though because that's something that actually got me excited about using Astro was checking out your theme and seeing that there's at least a starting point. It taught me a lot about also the differences Like these are minor things that I think are still so beneficial that a lot of people may not consider or think about is it really helped me understand differences between like Uno and Tailwind because I hadn't done a lot in CSS and I didn't really know there was. Oh, you used a suit. Yeah. Yeah
Like these are minor things that I think are still so beneficial that a lot of people may not consider or think about is it really helped me understand differences between like Uno and Tailwind because I hadn't done a lot in CSS and I didn't really know there was. Oh, you used a suit. Yeah. Yeah And it's it's definitely something where also understanding the components and a bit more of like how that's actually described compared to what I don't I don't Jacob, what did I try explaining components as do you remember when I originally started trying to build that site? Jacob, poor Jacob
And it's it's definitely something where also understanding the components and a bit more of like how that's actually described compared to what I don't I don't Jacob, what did I try explaining components as do you remember when I originally started trying to build that site? Jacob, poor Jacob That's all I could say is I would go down to rabbit hole thinking I fixed it and he's like, no, you just like pivoted at a very random point. But also hearing about islands, I think is a big part that knowing that and understanding it is something that I'm like, okay, cool
That's all I could say is I would go down to rabbit hole thinking I fixed it and he's like, no, you just like pivoted at a very random point. But also hearing about islands, I think is a big part that knowing that and understanding it is something that I'm like, okay, cool That I know how to Google it now. That's always the biggest part is knowing how to Google something
That I know how to Google it now. That's always the biggest part is knowing how to Google something Well, we do have a very good tutorial that while she threw everything that Astro has to offer down to content collections, CSS, integrating components and islands and that stuff on our documentation as well. Like it's a complete interactive tutorial that you can take on your local computer
Well, we do have a very good tutorial that while she threw everything that Astro has to offer down to content collections, CSS, integrating components and islands and that stuff on our documentation as well. Like it's a complete interactive tutorial that you can take on your local computer You should try it out. Maybe it will help you understand what Astro is better in a way and what like all of our newer features are. Well, I won't say it shows you everything. For instance, like view transitions aren't in there yet. But I think it's a great starting point
You should try it out. Maybe it will help you understand what Astro is better in a way and what like all of our newer features are. Well, I won't say it shows you everything. For instance, like view transitions aren't in there yet. But I think it's a great starting point When will those be added in? Now I'm curious. We got the entire team here. So the thing is that they are ready to add in. The thing is more that we want to do it at the right moment. So they're in draft. And I think yes, they're just that they're in draft PRs
When will those be added in? Now I'm curious. We got the entire team here. So the thing is that they are ready to add in. The thing is more that we want to do it at the right moment. So they're in draft. And I think yes, they're just that they're in draft PRs Because we think a lot about like how our structure is and how we want people to perceive the documentation. So it will be coming soon. If they're draft PRs, you can check the draft PRs. Yes, it is something we say a lot. Sorry
Because we think a lot about like how our structure is and how we want people to perceive the documentation. So it will be coming soon. If they're draft PRs, you can check the draft PRs. Yes, it is something we say a lot. Sorry Sorry. I mean, that's that's a fair or I think the other like word I hear the most in since getting into tech more than probably anything is it depends. It depends. The thing is that it's mostly true. It yes, yes
Sorry. I mean, that's that's a fair or I think the other like word I hear the most in since getting into tech more than probably anything is it depends. It depends. The thing is that it's mostly true. It yes, yes It yes, yes. And Jacob told me what I was thinking of components more of separation of functionality rather than combine functionality, styling and structure in one file to represent a section of the UI. I'm glad you remember what I was doing because I was trying to figure it out
It yes, yes. And Jacob told me what I was thinking of components more of separation of functionality rather than combine functionality, styling and structure in one file to represent a section of the UI. I'm glad you remember what I was doing because I was trying to figure it out And that is good to know Sarah. Thank you. Yeah, that's fair. Nobody wants a tutorial to get bigger. That is. No, exactly. Yeah, the tutorial as it is is great. We have updated it a couple of weeks ago to ask for it free as well. So it's completely compatible
And that is good to know Sarah. Thank you. Yeah, that's fair. Nobody wants a tutorial to get bigger. That is. No, exactly. Yeah, the tutorial as it is is great. We have updated it a couple of weeks ago to ask for it free as well. So it's completely compatible And now we're just trying to think about how can we extend it? Like extend your blog to use content collections, extend your blog to use future transitions. And so yeah, we're thinking about it. But soon we'll be published. Yay. And hello, CodePill. And thank you for the follow
And now we're just trying to think about how can we extend it? Like extend your blog to use content collections, extend your blog to use future transitions. And so yeah, we're thinking about it. But soon we'll be published. Yay. And hello, CodePill. And thank you for the follow And yes, we totally want a tutorial to include everything. So we get stuck and never, ever finish it. Well, the thing is no, we don't. Of course, I know what he's getting at. But the thing is that a lot of people give us feedback, hey, it doesn't use the new content collections
And yes, we totally want a tutorial to include everything. So we get stuck and never, ever finish it. Well, the thing is no, we don't. Of course, I know what he's getting at. But the thing is that a lot of people give us feedback, hey, it doesn't use the new content collections Why is that? And then we're like, yeah, we kind of don't want to overwhelm like a starting out person to with all this information, all these new features. So yeah, we thought about it. And we have a reason why we didn't do it. Yeah. And that's a big reason to join in on the community
Why is that? And then we're like, yeah, we kind of don't want to overwhelm like a starting out person to with all this information, all these new features. So yeah, we thought about it. And we have a reason why we didn't do it. Yeah. And that's a big reason to join in on the community And also like, from what I've seen of the Astero team, they do stuff like this where they join other streams or videos and content to be able to get this information out at the different learning levels, which I think is really awesome
And also like, from what I've seen of the Astero team, they do stuff like this where they join other streams or videos and content to be able to get this information out at the different learning levels, which I think is really awesome I got lost on Jacob's, Jacob got an annoying memory that what? Oh, okay. But yeah, this is a good one to read. I'm going to go. Kekil, they just wanted to say that Sarlite is incredible. And Astero is becoming one of their favorite frameworks. They would love to contribute in any way they can
I got lost on Jacob's, Jacob got an annoying memory that what? Oh, okay. But yeah, this is a good one to read. I'm going to go. Kekil, they just wanted to say that Sarlite is incredible. And Astero is becoming one of their favorite frameworks. They would love to contribute in any way they can And they have the get hub with the information for HACtoberfest. That's one of the ways is there other ways individuals can contribute to helping your team out. Well, the biggest that we're in need of right now is reviews for our translations. So we do have a lot of translations
And they have the get hub with the information for HACtoberfest. That's one of the ways is there other ways individuals can contribute to helping your team out. Well, the biggest that we're in need of right now is reviews for our translations. So we do have a lot of translations Our documentation is translated in nine, 10 plus languages, but not all of our pages are. And sometimes you don't have the time to translate a lot of those pages, but maybe someone else translated it in language that you know, and you just can read them
Our documentation is translated in nine, 10 plus languages, but not all of our pages are. And sometimes you don't have the time to translate a lot of those pages, but maybe someone else translated it in language that you know, and you just can read them And if you can read them and you can give them pointers what you think is good or not good, that will help us out because we don't speak 10 plus languages. So that's a terrific way to get started with like a low, low to no code piece of it
And if you can read them and you can give them pointers what you think is good or not good, that will help us out because we don't speak 10 plus languages. So that's a terrific way to get started with like a low, low to no code piece of it You can also of course write them because writing documentation is of course very good to getting to know the framework because who actually writes documentation for developers, it's us who do it. So we have to know all the features, we have to know what what happens
You can also of course write them because writing documentation is of course very good to getting to know the framework because who actually writes documentation for developers, it's us who do it. So we have to know all the features, we have to know what what happens So I think that's a very good way to get technically start with Astro and like what it is. For instance, if you translate the island page you will understand better than anyone else what Astro island is. So those, oh maybe I should share our Astro docs translation status page
So I think that's a very good way to get technically start with Astro and like what it is. For instance, if you translate the island page you will understand better than anyone else what Astro island is. So those, oh maybe I should share our Astro docs translation status page So we have, and it's a public page of course, where you can just see this information. So this is our translation status and then you can see which languages still need to be translated. How many pages are done and anything else. But that's cool. Something that you might want to look at
So we have, and it's a public page of course, where you can just see this information. So this is our translation status and then you can see which languages still need to be translated. How many pages are done and anything else. But that's cool. Something that you might want to look at For instance, a lot of people speak Spanish. We still need reviews on a cloud flare PR and on an LP, LP GSPR. And if you think, hey, that might interest me. Go ahead, review it, read it. Let us know what you think and if it's good enough, it'll make it on the page
For instance, a lot of people speak Spanish. We still need reviews on a cloud flare PR and on an LP, LP GSPR. And if you think, hey, that might interest me. Go ahead, review it, read it. Let us know what you think and if it's good enough, it'll make it on the page And then you have contributed us and helped us out in a tremendous way. But this is like our total. So we have a total overview where you can see what pages are missing, what pages are done, etc. I'll send you the link for that as well. Oh, this is really cool. Yeah, thank you
And then you have contributed us and helped us out in a tremendous way. But this is like our total. So we have a total overview where you can see what pages are missing, what pages are done, etc. I'll send you the link for that as well. Oh, this is really cool. Yeah, thank you Yeah, thank you. Yeah, this is really, really cool feature. That is definitely cool. And you'll straight up, I think I just got, you know, nervous as I always do when I'm like, oh, we only have an hour. So we have to go through as much in as little time as possible
Yeah, thank you. Yeah, this is really, really cool feature. That is definitely cool. And you'll straight up, I think I just got, you know, nervous as I always do when I'm like, oh, we only have an hour. So we have to go through as much in as little time as possible And I think I totally rushed everything, which, you know, it does happen from time time. That happens. But it also gives you a little bit of time before your next meeting. That's true. That's true. Perfect. Yeah, yeah. It was planned. It was totally planned. Exactly
And I think I totally rushed everything, which, you know, it does happen from time time. That happens. But it also gives you a little bit of time before your next meeting. That's true. That's true. Perfect. Yeah, yeah. It was planned. It was totally planned. Exactly Exactly. But I am curious just for everybody that's joined today on the astroside or those in you know, in the chat or when this gets uploaded to YouTube, what specifically would you want to learn about with Astro? Because there's, there is so much that we could be doing
Exactly. But I am curious just for everybody that's joined today on the astroside or those in you know, in the chat or when this gets uploaded to YouTube, what specifically would you want to learn about with Astro? Because there's, there is so much that we could be doing And I love that we got to learn about islands specifically today and components that those are definitely some things I'll be checking out more. But I'm curious what everybody else would want to learn
And I love that we got to learn about islands specifically today and components that those are definitely some things I'll be checking out more. But I'm curious what everybody else would want to learn And maybe we can go bug the team again to come back on the show for a longer time to go into something specific. But I like that we had the high level today. Yeah, exactly. There is so much in Astro that you can still learn from and do
And maybe we can go bug the team again to come back on the show for a longer time to go into something specific. But I like that we had the high level today. Yeah, exactly. There is so much in Astro that you can still learn from and do For instance, there, there always is a thing of like state management, global state, how does that work? For instance, you saw those two react components, but they didn't have a shared state. So that's the thing. You have view transitions, which is such a new thing
For instance, there, there always is a thing of like state management, global state, how does that work? For instance, you saw those two react components, but they didn't have a shared state. So that's the thing. You have view transitions, which is such a new thing And we were the first one to ship it. Well, view transitions see it as like animations in between pages. But with browser API and not with animations APIs, well, animation libraries
And we were the first one to ship it. Well, view transitions see it as like animations in between pages. But with browser API and not with animations APIs, well, animation libraries And then of course, there is content collections, which is an easier way to organize and write your content, which you probably are already using, Jen, since you're using. I was and I think actually that is a great one to start with
And then of course, there is content collections, which is an easier way to organize and write your content, which you probably are already using, Jen, since you're using. I was and I think actually that is a great one to start with So if you or anybody on the team wants to come on, I think talking about content collections would be really cool, but also like something that I was trying to do because I started working at Ivan. So I was like, hey, I want to use Postgres from Ivan to see if I can make this work
So if you or anybody on the team wants to come on, I think talking about content collections would be really cool, but also like something that I was trying to do because I started working at Ivan. So I was like, hey, I want to use Postgres from Ivan to see if I can make this work And it would get rid of the content collection. That I'm I'd be curious to see to be able to help others, including myself, understand the differences. Why somebody would go with content collection instead of with a SQL database
And it would get rid of the content collection. That I'm I'd be curious to see to be able to help others, including myself, understand the differences. Why somebody would go with content collection instead of with a SQL database And is there a way to replace it if they wanted to go with Astro, but go with the database? I feel like there there could be a lot broken down there that could be really useful. Yeah, totally true. And it's also like we do have a lot of CMS guides
And is there a way to replace it if they wanted to go with Astro, but go with the database? I feel like there there could be a lot broken down there that could be really useful. Yeah, totally true. And it's also like we do have a lot of CMS guides So if you're interested in those, you can also read those and review those for Hector Fest. The thing is that yeah, we this is such as like a personal thing and like a personal opinion and how you personally want to build your website. And it's almost always possible
So if you're interested in those, you can also read those and review those for Hector Fest. The thing is that yeah, we this is such as like a personal thing and like a personal opinion and how you personally want to build your website. And it's almost always possible The thing is that it's just difficult for us to decide how to how do I say it's like how to put it in docs because like for instance using Ivan, probably we don't get that question asked that much. But you're always welcome to write a guide if you've done it before
The thing is that it's just difficult for us to decide how to how do I say it's like how to put it in docs because like for instance using Ivan, probably we don't get that question asked that much. But you're always welcome to write a guide if you've done it before For instance, that's like community driven is always welcome. But we won't write the guide for ourselves. But we do have a couple of backend guides on the website. I think I think we have super based for instance where you use a database or Firebase where you use a database. So we do have those
For instance, that's like community driven is always welcome. But we won't write the guide for ourselves. But we do have a couple of backend guides on the website. I think I think we have super based for instance where you use a database or Firebase where you use a database. So we do have those But there are all community because it's very cool. That's very cool. Yeah, for sure. And I think that's some great callouts. And yes, Mark, I like the idea of your wife helping you with docs that could be cool. Yeah, awesome
But there are all community because it's very cool. That's very cool. Yeah, for sure. And I think that's some great callouts. And yes, Mark, I like the idea of your wife helping you with docs that could be cool. Yeah, awesome Yeah, awesome. Thank you, Sarah, for answering for CodePill of where is a good place to help out if English is their only language. I think that is a great callout. And there is a lot that people can do on the docs too. So so many options. Oh, and I actually never contributed to open source before
Yeah, awesome. Thank you, Sarah, for answering for CodePill of where is a good place to help out if English is their only language. I think that is a great callout. And there is a lot that people can do on the docs too. So so many options. Oh, and I actually never contributed to open source before Well, that's actually funny because contributing to open source was also my first one. And it was adding a four to the astral website. So you you see, it happens. No worries. Don't be scared. We'll walk you through it. Yes. And ask for help. Definitely ask for help
Well, that's actually funny because contributing to open source was also my first one. And it was adding a four to the astral website. So you you see, it happens. No worries. Don't be scared. We'll walk you through it. Yes. And ask for help. Definitely ask for help And sometimes I will say in any community, no matter what, sometimes you don't always get the quickest response or something. So give it time and ask again, if you need to because that sometimes has realizing that I was like, Oh, okay, I can do that
And sometimes I will say in any community, no matter what, sometimes you don't always get the quickest response or something. So give it time and ask again, if you need to because that sometimes has realizing that I was like, Oh, okay, I can do that So I may ask again in the future if something isn't responded. So definitely do that. And it's a great team. So stoked that you were able to come on the show today. Thank you. And yeah, let's see
So I may ask again in the future if something isn't responded. So definitely do that. And it's a great team. So stoked that you were able to come on the show today. Thank you. And yeah, let's see I'm going to raid y'all over to learn with Jason because one of the ideas of how I came up with the name for the show was I didn't want to do learn with Jen because he has learned with Jason. So teach Jen tech is how it came to be. So thank you, everyone, for joining today
I'm going to raid y'all over to learn with Jason because one of the ideas of how I came up with the name for the show was I didn't want to do learn with Jen because he has learned with Jason. So teach Jen tech is how it came to be. So thank you, everyone, for joining today Make sure you hit that follow and this video will be posted on YouTube later this week. Thank you, everyone. Hi. Thanks for being here. Hi. And thank you, everyone, for asking great questions. Just so I don't forget to say that. Thank you. It is always very, very helpful. So thank you again.
Make sure you hit that follow and this video will be posted on YouTube later this week. Thank you, everyone. Hi. Thanks for being here. Hi. And thank you, everyone, for asking great questions. Just so I don't forget to say that. Thank you. It is always very, very helpful. So thank you again.