another episode of Teach Gen Tech. This is an exciting episode as I don't know if y'all knew I've MC'd five conferences with view school and still a lot of conferences in the last like last year. And you and I have done View Forge together or is it View Forge? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. together for the two over the summer and we've been planning this and we're finally doing something. View School. So Daniel, who are you? What is View School? Hey Jen. So I my name is Daniel Kelly
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. together for the two over the summer and we've been planning this and we're finally doing something. View School. So Daniel, who are you? What is View School? Hey Jen. So I my name is Daniel Kelly First of all, I am the lead instructor at View School and what we do at View School is we produce video content in order to teach people about ViewJS and the ViewJS ecosystem large. So everything's surrounding View. And yeah, it's it's it's really great. Really great program
First of all, I am the lead instructor at View School and what we do at View School is we produce video content in order to teach people about ViewJS and the ViewJS ecosystem large. So everything's surrounding View. And yeah, it's it's it's really great. Really great program Of course, if you like to learn by video, we have courses that that walk you through all that. Yay. And that is a great explanation of it. And what about Lix? Now, I am curious about specifically because these are ones that I really liked were there's now I have to count. I can do this
Of course, if you like to learn by video, we have courses that that walk you through all that. Yay. And that is a great explanation of it. And what about Lix? Now, I am curious about specifically because these are ones that I really liked were there's now I have to count. I can do this I can do this. Four main conferences throughout the year. It's Nux Nation, View Nation and then two View Forges, right? Yes. Yes. I think you know that better than I would. Well, and if I understand correctly, of course, Nux Nation is about Nux. View Nation is about View
I can do this. Four main conferences throughout the year. It's Nux Nation, View Nation and then two View Forges, right? Yes. Yes. I think you know that better than I would. Well, and if I understand correctly, of course, Nux Nation is about Nux. View Nation is about View And then View Forge is actually workshops. Like two day workshops. Yeah. Forge is really different. Actually, it's it's less of a conference and more like you said, like a workshop. Like it's I like to explain it kind of internally to people as a as a glorified workshop
And then View Forge is actually workshops. Like two day workshops. Yeah. Forge is really different. Actually, it's it's less of a conference and more like you said, like a workshop. Like it's I like to explain it kind of internally to people as a as a glorified workshop I mean, it's really cool because the attendees get to get hands on. We have like exercises that that they can do. And then we have professionals within the industry, live code the solution to those exercises. So you get a feel for what the experts would do for such things. So it's pretty cool
I mean, it's really cool because the attendees get to get hands on. We have like exercises that that they can do. And then we have professionals within the industry, live code the solution to those exercises. So you get a feel for what the experts would do for such things. So it's pretty cool But we also have just like a conference, you know, we have a live stream. We have, you know, sponsors. We have all these other all these other conference like things that are intermingled with Yes. And thank you. Okay. So the most exciting part, what the next is View and Vete? Oh, okay
But we also have just like a conference, you know, we have a live stream. We have, you know, sponsors. We have all these other all these other conference like things that are intermingled with Yes. And thank you. Okay. So the most exciting part, what the next is View and Vete? Oh, okay So that's a loaded question, right? Well, let me start off just by very high level comparing the three, right? So very, very high level. They are all related, right? Because you see, you see them in all the conferences and then be conferences
So that's a loaded question, right? Well, let me start off just by very high level comparing the three, right? So very, very high level. They are all related, right? Because you see, you see them in all the conferences and then be conferences So they definitely are related, but they're distinctly different. So Vete essentially is the build tool that allows you, number one, it's kind of get two responsibilities
So they definitely are related, but they're distinctly different. So Vete essentially is the build tool that allows you, number one, it's kind of get two responsibilities It allows you to start up this development server on your local machine with all the goodies in there, right? Things like the hot module reloading
It allows you to start up this development server on your local machine with all the goodies in there, right? Things like the hot module reloading So, you know, so your your previews can be shown live as you're editing, but also things like converting your TypeScript files into JavaScript because the browser doesn't know anything about TypeScript, right
So, you know, so your your previews can be shown live as you're editing, but also things like converting your TypeScript files into JavaScript because the browser doesn't know anything about TypeScript, right So at the build pool level is doing these kind of activities, like converting your files to things the browser understands and doing things like hot module reloading and things like that
So at the build pool level is doing these kind of activities, like converting your files to things the browser understands and doing things like hot module reloading and things like that So that's Vete's job
So that's Vete's job And then when you run mpm run prod or whatever the case may be to bundle your stuff, it's going to do things like minify your code and still take those TypeScript files and those files that the browser doesn't understand and turn them into, you know, files the browser does understand
And then when you run mpm run prod or whatever the case may be to bundle your stuff, it's going to do things like minify your code and still take those TypeScript files and those files that the browser doesn't understand and turn them into, you know, files the browser does understand So like even your dot view files, right? So all that kind of stuff is Vete responsibility. Then view is view is the the JavaScript that actually runs in the browser, right? So if you did any jQuery back in the day, I did plenty of it. View is kind of like the jQuery. Just stick with me
So like even your dot view files, right? So all that kind of stuff is Vete responsibility. Then view is view is the the JavaScript that actually runs in the browser, right? So if you did any jQuery back in the day, I did plenty of it. View is kind of like the jQuery. Just stick with me Just stick with me. Don't hate me for that statement. Views like the jQuery, not in that the interface is it all the same. The API for jQuery and View are completely different, but it's what's going to handle that interactivity in the browser
Just stick with me. Don't hate me for that statement. Views like the jQuery, not in that the interface is it all the same. The API for jQuery and View are completely different, but it's what's going to handle that interactivity in the browser Like this is the JavaScript that actually runs in the browser, right? In the whole difference between view and jQuery or vanilla JavaScript is just that it has a different API. You interact with the DOM differently, right? So you're not doing document
Like this is the JavaScript that actually runs in the browser, right? In the whole difference between view and jQuery or vanilla JavaScript is just that it has a different API. You interact with the DOM differently, right? So you're not doing documentquery selector and then selecting a DOM element instead you're using views templating system in order to interact with the DOM element and under the hood it's actually doing that document.query selector stuff, right? It's doing all that vanilla
query selector and then selecting a DOM element instead you're using views templating system in order to interact with the DOM element and under the hood it's actually doing that document.query selector stuff, right? It's doing all that vanillajs stuff on the head, but it just provides this nice declarative syntax for us to do it in a more intuitive way. So so Vete is the build pool view is the code that runs in the browser. It's the JavaScript that runs in the browser. Next is what's known as a meta framework built on top of you
js stuff on the head, but it just provides this nice declarative syntax for us to do it in a more intuitive way. So so Vete is the build pool view is the code that runs in the browser. It's the JavaScript that runs in the browser. Next is what's known as a meta framework built on top of you So it uses view as its templating language. So you write all of your pages and things like that in your view templates, right? But it does several different things
So it uses view as its templating language. So you write all of your pages and things like that in your view templates, right? But it does several different things The main one though is is it renders this stuff on the server? So by default or just out of the box, view is nothing but JavaScript that gets sent to your browser and then your browser renders the stuff that details into render, right
The main one though is is it renders this stuff on the server? So by default or just out of the box, view is nothing but JavaScript that gets sent to your browser and then your browser renders the stuff that details into render, right So if I were to look under the hood of just a vanilla view page, you'd see probably like a div tag with the idea of app and an empty empty body for the most part
So if I were to look under the hood of just a vanilla view page, you'd see probably like a div tag with the idea of app and an empty empty body for the most part That's it, right? Because views just a JavaScript that runs and it inserts all that stuff into the DOM after JavaScript is finished running. So this isn't great for SEO
That's it, right? Because views just a JavaScript that runs and it inserts all that stuff into the DOM after JavaScript is finished running. So this isn't great for SEO A lot of crawlers expect the content to be there inside of the HTML, right? Now there's some some some crawlers can render JavaScript or run JavaScript and then then crawl the page and things like that
A lot of crawlers expect the content to be there inside of the HTML, right? Now there's some some some crawlers can render JavaScript or run JavaScript and then then crawl the page and things like that But the most part you want your content to be in the actual HTML that's sent down from the server, right? So that's kind of where next comes in. Next actually renders that stuff on the server side. All the stuff that view would have done in the browser
But the most part you want your content to be in the actual HTML that's sent down from the server, right? So that's kind of where next comes in. Next actually renders that stuff on the server side. All the stuff that view would have done in the browser Next just does it on the server sends it to the client and then view takes over and does kind of the same thing inside of the browser. That's known as hydration. So yeah, there's this kind of a high level difference between the three. That's a lot at one time
Next just does it on the server sends it to the client and then view takes over and does kind of the same thing inside of the browser. That's known as hydration. So yeah, there's this kind of a high level difference between the three. That's a lot at one time It is, it is, but it is helpful and I didn't want to interrupt too much because I was like, there are questions behind them and also comparisons that came up
It is, it is, but it is helpful and I didn't want to interrupt too much because I was like, there are questions behind them and also comparisons that came up I'm also curious to everyone watching like what you y'all use because I know at least those who are in the OSRG Discord, they almost all use TypeScript. I know that which is cool. But they don't, I don't know if they all use React or what they use. So I'm a bit curious
I'm also curious to everyone watching like what you y'all use because I know at least those who are in the OSRG Discord, they almost all use TypeScript. I know that which is cool. But they don't, I don't know if they all use React or what they use. So I'm a bit curious So y'all please put that in the chat. And also, so one of my very first videos with, oh my gosh, wait, what? Oh, I'm reading Jason's reply and I'm like, it made me think that you went to go have talk about breakfast and I'm like, Jason, that doesn't really seem like something
So y'all please put that in the chat. And also, so one of my very first videos with, oh my gosh, wait, what? Oh, I'm reading Jason's reply and I'm like, it made me think that you went to go have talk about breakfast and I'm like, Jason, that doesn't really seem like something Jason like posts on Twitter about like waking up at like 4 a.m. and I'm like, there's days where I'm barely getting out of bed. Granted, I have to wake up that early too, but I don't know that you and 4 a.m. in a very long time. That's, woof. No, thank you. Yeah, it comes early
Jason like posts on Twitter about like waking up at like 4 a.m. and I'm like, there's days where I'm barely getting out of bed. Granted, I have to wake up that early too, but I don't know that you and 4 a.m. in a very long time. That's, woof. No, thank you. Yeah, it comes early It does come early, but okay, cool. That's good. To know, so Jason's React, one of the first streams I ever did was building a React app on and deploying with V and Versel
It does come early, but okay, cool. That's good. To know, so Jason's React, one of the first streams I ever did was building a React app on and deploying with V and Versel So saying that out loud means that we, I use the framework of React and then V to help build everything and then it deployed on Versel. Yes. Yes, exactly right. And so like while you were developing on your local machine, what allowed you to see your app in the browser was V
So saying that out loud means that we, I use the framework of React and then V to help build everything and then it deployed on Versel. Yes. Yes, exactly right. And so like while you were developing on your local machine, what allowed you to see your app in the browser was Vt, right? And then when you hit deploy to Versel, what, when you say all these little logs that Versel prints out and things, that's V working to build the project from your source code. Do you always need V
t, right? And then when you hit deploy to Versel, what, when you say all these little logs that Versel prints out and things, that's V working to build the project from your source code. Do you always need Vt? Because my other experience is like working on building an astero outside and all that comes to mind is NPM run build. And astero just does its thing. So when we're doing something in React and view, it doesn't auto do the build with a NPM build. That's right
t? Because my other experience is like working on building an astero outside and all that comes to mind is NPM run build. And astero just does its thing. So when we're doing something in React and view, it doesn't auto do the build with a NPM build. That's right That's right. Under the hood, it's using some kind of build pool and the two popular build tools are V.t and Webpack. So, okay. So yeah, you may not be using, I don't know what astero uses. I think it is V.t
That's right. Under the hood, it's using some kind of build pool and the two popular build tools are V.t and Webpack. So, okay. So yeah, you may not be using, I don't know what astero uses. I think it is V.t I think it is V.t. But it could be Webpack or it could be straight roll up or there's several build pools out there. But that requires basically anything that the browser doesn't understand out of the box like view files or types of files or you need that build pool to in order to convert it
I think it is V.t. But it could be Webpack or it could be straight roll up or there's several build pools out there. But that requires basically anything that the browser doesn't understand out of the box like view files or types of files or you need that build pool to in order to convert it Interesting. This is really helpful piecing it together based on like past streams and different pieces because I think that's where I personally got really confused with what is V.t and what's the use of it. So that one is making sense. And so, astero gets even more confusing, Jim, to be honest
Interesting. This is really helpful piecing it together based on like past streams and different pieces because I think that's where I personally got really confused with what is V.t and what's the use of it. So that one is making sense. And so, astero gets even more confusing, Jim, to be honest I mean, like that is the main job of V.t. Right? Is the transform these files of the browser doesn't natively understand that's its main job. But because it exists at that build level, there's so many other little things you can plug into it
I mean, like that is the main job of V.t. Right? Is the transform these files of the browser doesn't natively understand that's its main job. But because it exists at that build level, there's so many other little things you can plug into it Right? Like you can do things like optimize images with it. You can do things like, I don't know, basically anything that you want to transform a file in some way, you can do it at that point. So there's all kinds of little applications that you can not apps use cases that you can have for. Yeah
Right? Like you can do things like optimize images with it. You can do things like, I don't know, basically anything that you want to transform a file in some way, you can do it at that point. So there's all kinds of little applications that you can not apps use cases that you can have for. Yeah Yeah. Okay, that makes a lot of sense
Yeah. Okay, that makes a lot of sense Now my next like thought process, and I know you said you'll show us a few things, but just on the theory-based side of things is because React is so popular and like somebody getting into coding brand new like first off, like when people try it, it first get into like becoming a developer and coding
Now my next like thought process, and I know you said you'll show us a few things, but just on the theory-based side of things is because React is so popular and like somebody getting into coding brand new like first off, like when people try it, it first get into like becoming a developer and coding A, there's always so much to learn no matter what
A, there's always so much to learn no matter what But also it's like one of the first things I hear from newbies is, hey, what should I code in? Should I do Python? Should I do JavaScript? Should I do C++? So they not only have to like figure all that out, but if they go with JavaScript, it's like what free? Yes. So it's like an added one
But also it's like one of the first things I hear from newbies is, hey, what should I code in? Should I do Python? Should I do JavaScript? Should I do C++? So they not only have to like figure all that out, but if they go with JavaScript, it's like what free? Yes. So it's like an added one So are there like off the top of your head, do you know what the major differences are between like you mentioned it a bit earlier, but like vanilla and all use React because it's so popular, but that and with view like what the biggest differences are there. Sure
So are there like off the top of your head, do you know what the major differences are between like you mentioned it a bit earlier, but like vanilla and all use React because it's so popular, but that and with view like what the biggest differences are there. Sure Sure. I mean, so your biggest differences between, let's start with with vanilla JavaScript and view. So your biggest benefit with using view over vanilla JavaScript is that you get this what's called a declarative syntax. So essentially you aren't having to write document
Sure. I mean, so your biggest differences between, let's start with with vanilla JavaScript and view. So your biggest benefit with using view over vanilla JavaScript is that you get this what's called a declarative syntax. So essentially you aren't having to write documentquery selector and then choose your DOM element and then live in JavaScript world separately than HTML world. Right
query selector and then choose your DOM element and then live in JavaScript world separately than HTML world. Right So in view, you've kind of mixed the worlds together where you can do your loops inside of the HTML, you can, you know, put your your event handlers inside the HTML, you can do your condition oils inside the HTML and it's it's called a declarative syntax, but it's basically just easier to think about
So in view, you've kind of mixed the worlds together where you can do your loops inside of the HTML, you can, you know, put your your event handlers inside the HTML, you can do your condition oils inside the HTML and it's it's called a declarative syntax, but it's basically just easier to think about And so the downside with that is that you are going to have a little bit more complexity overhead in terms of getting that stuff to the browser because you aren't, if you're doing just vanilla JavaScript, then the browser already understands all that, right
And so the downside with that is that you are going to have a little bit more complexity overhead in terms of getting that stuff to the browser because you aren't, if you're doing just vanilla JavaScript, then the browser already understands all that, right But the browser doesn't understand your dot view files
But the browser doesn't understand your dot view files So you have to use V to transform your dot view files into a regular vanilla JavaScript and then the browser can can understand that
So you have to use V to transform your dot view files into a regular vanilla JavaScript and then the browser can can understand that So, but, but view, I threw V in that sentence and I know you're like, I feel like that just started to click so many things because if it's a built full that people are using is taking all of the frameworks to use it. Whatever framework, a build tool would put it back into vanilla. Right. Right
So, but, but view, I threw V in that sentence and I know you're like, I feel like that just started to click so many things because if it's a built full that people are using is taking all of the frameworks to use it. Whatever framework, a build tool would put it back into vanilla. Right. Right Right. Right. That's essentially the idea. Okay. Yes. I taught you in some way that's the name of this, right? I feel like that is something that, you know, probably clicked, but okay. Y'all I've been doing this over a year and that just like really helps. Thank you. Please continue
Right. Right. That's essentially the idea. Okay. Yes. I taught you in some way that's the name of this, right? I feel like that is something that, you know, probably clicked, but okay. Y'all I've been doing this over a year and that just like really helps. Thank you. Please continue Please continue. Yeah, absolutely. So in terms of like view versus a react, it's really just a, you know, it's just a choice each individual individual developer makes, I think
Please continue. Yeah, absolutely. So in terms of like view versus a react, it's really just a, you know, it's just a choice each individual individual developer makes, I think There are a few major differences like, react uses JSX while view uses the dot view files, the view single file components. And it's really just at the end of the day, it's a, it's just a personal preference because a lot of the things are the same. Okay
There are a few major differences like, react uses JSX while view uses the dot view files, the view single file components. And it's really just at the end of the day, it's a, it's just a personal preference because a lot of the things are the same. Okay Okay. So, you know, I mean, view came after react. It, you know, was able to learn from what reacted in the beginning and I think make some really nice decisions that really kind of make it more intuitive to use. But yeah, at the end of the day, it really comes down to personal preference
Okay. So, you know, I mean, view came after react. It, you know, was able to learn from what reacted in the beginning and I think make some really nice decisions that really kind of make it more intuitive to use. But yeah, at the end of the day, it really comes down to personal preference React is obviously huge, right? I mean, that's a big benefit for react. There's, there's more resources for react. There are more job available, honestly, for react. But view still has a really great, really great resources and job potential as well. So it is a little bit smaller than it
React is obviously huge, right? I mean, that's a big benefit for react. There's, there's more resources for react. There are more job available, honestly, for react. But view still has a really great, really great resources and job potential as well. So it is a little bit smaller than it So it just kind of comes down to really what your personal preference is. I am very well trained with the conferences because I was about to say, and go check out view jobs because that's where if you're a view developer, I'm like, oh my god, we're not, we're not in the conference right now, y'all
So it just kind of comes down to really what your personal preference is. I am very well trained with the conferences because I was about to say, and go check out view jobs because that's where if you're a view developer, I'm like, oh my god, we're not, we're not in the conference right now, y'all I, I really like the way you said that. And I think that's a great way to also talk about this is something that I've wondered since I started with MCN with view school is like, so why is next called next? And they said, from what I understand, it's because next is for react. So next is for view
I, I really like the way you said that. And I think that's a great way to also talk about this is something that I've wondered since I started with MCN with view school is like, so why is next called next? And they said, from what I understand, it's because next is for react. So next is for view And I like the way you mentioned that how view like developed and learned from what react had already made
And I like the way you mentioned that how view like developed and learned from what react had already made And a great call out that I think is a big reason why I personally suggest when people are looking into new languages or getting into tech like which way they need to go is what is around for tribal knowledge. So in my like the discord I hang out in most OSRG, majority of everybody uses react
And a great call out that I think is a big reason why I personally suggest when people are looking into new languages or getting into tech like which way they need to go is what is around for tribal knowledge. So in my like the discord I hang out in most OSRG, majority of everybody uses react So and they use text script, which has made it a lot easier for me to learn because they, that's what they use where with like view now that I hang out with all of y'all too and like go to the courses and stuff, it's easier to learn it because I'm around that network of people
So and they use text script, which has made it a lot easier for me to learn because they, that's what they use where with like view now that I hang out with all of y'all too and like go to the courses and stuff, it's easier to learn it because I'm around that network of people This is very important when you're learning anything. I mean, yes. Now, so popping inside, can you go a bit more into what a meta framework is? So I'm getting, okay, so we can build a free like a framework and using like view
This is very important when you're learning anything. I mean, yes. Now, so popping inside, can you go a bit more into what a meta framework is? So I'm getting, okay, so we can build a free like a framework and using like view And then we have a build tool that turns it into regular JavaScript or vanilla JavaScript. And then you can deploy it on something like for cell or Netlify. And that's what makes it go on the web
And then we have a build tool that turns it into regular JavaScript or vanilla JavaScript. And then you can deploy it on something like for cell or Netlify. And that's what makes it go on the web With like a meta framework, we talked a little bit before stream about what, yeah, can you just go over what a meta framework is and I'll ask from there? Yeah, absolutely. So a meta framework is like a framework built on top of a framework. So you know, these guys saw, hey, view is awesome
With like a meta framework, we talked a little bit before stream about what, yeah, can you just go over what a meta framework is and I'll ask from there? Yeah, absolutely. So a meta framework is like a framework built on top of a framework. So you know, these guys saw, hey, view is awesome And we like what view does, but we don't think it does quite enough. We want to make it do a little bit more. And so there are several different benefits to Nux. The primary one though is the server side rendering aspect of things
And we like what view does, but we don't think it does quite enough. We want to make it do a little bit more. And so there are several different benefits to Nux. The primary one though is the server side rendering aspect of things So Nux was, excuse me, view was primarily just a UI thing, right? So in other words, it allowed you to create a beautiful UI that had nice reactive elements, things that, you know, it was easy to make an interface where there's a lot of user and activity
So Nux was, excuse me, view was primarily just a UI thing, right? So in other words, it allowed you to create a beautiful UI that had nice reactive elements, things that, you know, it was easy to make an interface where there's a lot of user and activity But you know, all that just happens in the client. So an app is made of more than just a client. It's also made of what's happening on the server as well. And so what Nux does is it combines the two, combines this wonderful and interactivity on the client
But you know, all that just happens in the client. So an app is made of more than just a client. It's also made of what's happening on the server as well. And so what Nux does is it combines the two, combines this wonderful and interactivity on the client And then it does some of those same kind of things and more on the server. So you're getting your HTML rendered from the server. So the browser receives content. Like it actually receives something inside that HTML. It's not just an NP diff tag somewhere
And then it does some of those same kind of things and more on the server. So you're getting your HTML rendered from the server. So the browser receives content. Like it actually receives something inside that HTML. It's not just an NP diff tag somewhere But you also get things like server side API endpoints. So a lot of times when you're working with view, you're making requests to an API to get your data, right? A lot of times some people where I used to work, we used Laravel to power that API. So we're making a request from our front end
But you also get things like server side API endpoints. So a lot of times when you're working with view, you're making requests to an API to get your data, right? A lot of times some people where I used to work, we used Laravel to power that API. So we're making a request from our front end Our view app was a completely separate app than our back end API. But with Nux, I can do that in the same project, right? I can have my API endpoints actually defined inside my Nux project and my front end to find inside my Nux project. So this is really nice
Our view app was a completely separate app than our back end API. But with Nux, I can do that in the same project, right? I can have my API endpoints actually defined inside my Nux project and my front end to find inside my Nux project. So this is really nice And it also allows, it also allows Nux to do things like actually automatically type my API responses. So when I'm making a request to one of my internal API endpoints that I defined with Nux, in my IDE, my browser, my ID knows what the payload looks like. So it can do things like auto complete
And it also allows, it also allows Nux to do things like actually automatically type my API responses. So when I'm making a request to one of my internal API endpoints that I defined with Nux, in my IDE, my browser, my ID knows what the payload looks like. So it can do things like auto complete It can do things like error check. Yeah. So that's other things like that are really nice. But yeah, it's also got a lot of convenience
It can do things like error check. Yeah. So that's other things like that are really nice. But yeah, it's also got a lot of convenience It's built in things like file-based routing, which means you just set up a file in order to create a route instead of manually having to create your routes with a JavaScript mapping of, hey, this route, this file, this route, this file, it just has some conventions around what file matches what route and allows you to just create the file and that's it
It's built in things like file-based routing, which means you just set up a file in order to create a route instead of manually having to create your routes with a JavaScript mapping of, hey, this route, this file, this route, this file, it just has some conventions around what file matches what route and allows you to just create the file and that's it It does other little things in there too. Okay, this is since we're talking to them all differently, which is so helpful. I don't think I've looked at this stuff like a year to actually re-review the fundamentals
It does other little things in there too. Okay, this is since we're talking to them all differently, which is so helpful. I don't think I've looked at this stuff like a year to actually re-review the fundamentals And I like to say fundamentals instead of the basics, because these aren't basic things to comprehend. They are difficult to comprehend. Fundamentals. They're part of the beginning
And I like to say fundamentals instead of the basics, because these aren't basic things to comprehend. They are difficult to comprehend. Fundamentals. They're part of the beginning So is can you mix meta frameworks across different frameworks? So could next go on react? Like I feel like I know the answer to this, but I'm going to ask it anyway. No, the answer is no. Yeah. Cool. Great. I'm glad we got that one figured out
So is can you mix meta frameworks across different frameworks? So could next go on react? Like I feel like I know the answer to this, but I'm going to ask it anyway. No, the answer is no. Yeah. Cool. Great. I'm glad we got that one figured out Now, just because we're also on these different stages of a framework, a build, build tool, and a meta framework, I'm going to throw you one for a loop. What is TypeScript? What is TypeScript? Because it's not a meta framework. That's right
Now, just because we're also on these different stages of a framework, a build, build tool, and a meta framework, I'm going to throw you one for a loop. What is TypeScript? What is TypeScript? Because it's not a meta framework. That's right That's right. And I want to hear how you would explain TypeScript with all of this. I'm going to go to save route and quote the TypeScript website. I think they say they are a super set of JavaScript. I think it's the term they use
That's right. And I want to hear how you would explain TypeScript with all of this. I'm going to go to save route and quote the TypeScript website. I think they say they are a super set of JavaScript. I think it's the term they use Basically, all it means is they are anything you write in JavaScript like is valid TypeScript. Underneath TypeScript is just JavaScript, but it's got an additional layer of the Type system layer on top. The relationship is a little fuzzy, but essentially just brings that Type system to JavaScript
Basically, all it means is they are anything you write in JavaScript like is valid TypeScript. Underneath TypeScript is just JavaScript, but it's got an additional layer of the Type system layer on top. The relationship is a little fuzzy, but essentially just brings that Type system to JavaScript That's why you need something like V because the browser doesn't know anything about TypeScript. It's really just for your IDE. Yeah. Okay, that's cool. And Sarah, thank you for joining. Yes. So really quick on catching up on that. Sarah's husband, Chris has been on the show before
That's why you need something like V because the browser doesn't know anything about TypeScript. It's really just for your IDE. Yeah. Okay, that's cool. And Sarah, thank you for joining. Yes. So really quick on catching up on that. Sarah's husband, Chris has been on the show before It's talk about databases. So, and Sarah is part of our, we play a live streaming tabletop game called the Expans. And Sarah is in that. And it's for me because if I see Sarah, her username is not that. And then her username, her character name is Maria
It's talk about databases. So, and Sarah is part of our, we play a live streaming tabletop game called the Expans. And Sarah is in that. And it's for me because if I see Sarah, her username is not that. And then her username, her character name is Maria So every time I see her, I'm like, what do I have a name? And the same goes for bumpy lumps. He's also part of that tabletop game. And his name is Alex and his character's name. Now I'm going to space your character's name. I don't I don't remember Alex
So every time I see her, I'm like, what do I have a name? And the same goes for bumpy lumps. He's also part of that tabletop game. And his name is Alex and his character's name. Now I'm going to space your character's name. I don't I don't remember Alex Really sad actually that his parents didn't name him bumpy lumps because I don't know. That would just be amazing. Yes. Yes. And yes, Jason, I just wanted I did link it in there for what the view school stuff was because they do have like everything it like from beginner to super advanced
Really sad actually that his parents didn't name him bumpy lumps because I don't know. That would just be amazing. Yes. Yes. And yes, Jason, I just wanted I did link it in there for what the view school stuff was because they do have like everything it like from beginner to super advanced This is something that they just so they have mastery knocks if you want to do because next three came out last last next nation in 2022. And then they also have what's pinia. Pina just came out mastering Pina, which what is Pina? So, Pina is a state management system
This is something that they just so they have mastery knocks if you want to do because next three came out last last next nation in 2022. And then they also have what's pinia. Pina just came out mastering Pina, which what is Pina? So, Pina is a state management system So if you're familiar with React, you could think of it as Redux. Redux is the react version of that. Okay, I'm going to not dive into that one. We'll have you on again. We'll just like a world deep dive on that one
So if you're familiar with React, you could think of it as Redux. Redux is the react version of that. Okay, I'm going to not dive into that one. We'll have you on again. We'll just like a world deep dive on that one But yeah, they have a lot of different levels and just I honestly, I just want to say since I've mseed so many of these, I also remember way more about them because they also have the view certification. Which I was like, that's cool. I didn't know that that's a thing
But yeah, they have a lot of different levels and just I honestly, I just want to say since I've mseed so many of these, I also remember way more about them because they also have the view certification. Which I was like, that's cool. I didn't know that that's a thing It is a thing you can get certified. Also just telling you because it's all great resources. And they have trained me very well. We've got you promoting us well, don't we Jen? Like not even meaning to. Like not even me. It's just like in my brain now
It is a thing you can get certified. Also just telling you because it's all great resources. And they have trained me very well. We've got you promoting us well, don't we Jen? Like not even meaning to. Like not even me. It's just like in my brain now So now that we've kind of gone through all these and thank you for helping me break down the fundamentals there. Please show us a bit of like what something would look like just like a basic deployment of a next app
So now that we've kind of gone through all these and thank you for helping me break down the fundamentals there. Please show us a bit of like what something would look like just like a basic deployment of a next app And then maybe what it would look like for the differences if you are a view app and if you use next or don't use next. And then also maybe what a build log looks like
And then maybe what it would look like for the differences if you are a view app and if you use next or don't use next. And then also maybe what a build log looks like So like do people know that they're like if I am building something in view and I'm like, hey cool, I'm going to go deploy this on a Vercel. Am I going to get blocked somewhere to know that I can't build without using beats? Because if I'm using, you know, oh, Anthony, look, okay, sorry, y'all
So like do people know that they're like if I am building something in view and I'm like, hey cool, I'm going to go deploy this on a Vercel. Am I going to get blocked somewhere to know that I can't build without using beats? Because if I'm using, you know, oh, Anthony, look, okay, sorry, y'all Anthony's here. And Anthony was the one who had me build a React app on beat and Vercel to confuse me. Thank you for doing that, Anthony. That's we want to confuse Jen. It's a goal. Yes, yes. But Anthony, I'm finally following up to understand that I will see it
Anthony's here. And Anthony was the one who had me build a React app on beat and Vercel to confuse me. Thank you for doing that, Anthony. That's we want to confuse Jen. It's a goal. Yes, yes. But Anthony, I'm finally following up to understand that I will see it Let's see if I got the explanation to Anthony because he's been on teach Gen Tech way too many times
Let's see if I got the explanation to Anthony because he's been on teach Gen Tech way too many times Or done enough is that a beat is the build tool that takes any and it can work with any type of framework to build it to build the framework and then turn it into the nil a JavaScript so it could deploy on something like for seller nullify. Yep, that's the just. Yep
Or done enough is that a beat is the build tool that takes any and it can work with any type of framework to build it to build the framework and then turn it into the nil a JavaScript so it could deploy on something like for seller nullify. Yep, that's the just. Yep Yep. Okay, see Anthony, like I knew what I knew beat did something. I just kind of understand why especially since Anthony, when you and I did our stream, it was like using React and I built my site a few times with Astro
Yep. Okay, see Anthony, like I knew what I knew beat did something. I just kind of understand why especially since Anthony, when you and I did our stream, it was like using React and I built my site a few times with Astro So I didn't really understand why what beat did in the middle and why there was a build tool because Astro just auto did it. So this is making a lot more sense and Daniel's going to show us some stuff. Awesome
So I didn't really understand why what beat did in the middle and why there was a build tool because Astro just auto did it. So this is making a lot more sense and Daniel's going to show us some stuff. Awesome Awesome. First before I show you something, Gen, I do want to just mention so the mastering Nux course. If you are already familiar with view, I think the mastering Nux course is a really great next step is taught by Michael Tison. He is huge in the view community
Awesome. First before I show you something, Gen, I do want to just mention so the mastering Nux course. If you are already familiar with view, I think the mastering Nux course is a really great next step is taught by Michael Tison. He is huge in the view community He taught me a lot when I first started working with you. And he's a really great teacher. If you're brand new to view, I don't suggest jumping into Nux necessarily right away because you really need to get the basic view first
He taught me a lot when I first started working with you. And he's a really great teacher. If you're brand new to view, I don't suggest jumping into Nux necessarily right away because you really need to get the basic view first But for someone who's brand new to view, we do have some really great courses on the actual view school platform that are view fundamentals. And a couple of those are even free. So I suggest you check out that if you're interested in starting with you
But for someone who's brand new to view, we do have some really great courses on the actual view school platform that are view fundamentals. And a couple of those are even free. So I suggest you check out that if you're interested in starting with you And I just want to add to that because I love how when the course first came out for mastering Nux. So y'all, this is a year ago for those who have been like following me for quite a while. I don't know what any of this is or who's who or anything like that
And I just want to add to that because I love how when the course first came out for mastering Nux. So y'all, this is a year ago for those who have been like following me for quite a while. I don't know what any of this is or who's who or anything like that And Michael Tison is like very level like like like that's the best way I can say. And you guys can tell my sense of it because he is. And then like he came out with this video and he's like so excited about it. And I'm just like, I don't even know what just happened. That's great
And Michael Tison is like very level like like like that's the best way I can say. And you guys can tell my sense of it because he is. And then like he came out with this video and he's like so excited about it. And I'm just like, I don't even know what just happened. That's great That's great. Yeah, I get that experience. I totally get that. So thank you. That was a great call out of like going through the differences of them. But yes, anything else you want to add to that one. Nope, nope, that's it for for the resources there
That's great. Yeah, I get that experience. I totally get that. So thank you. That was a great call out of like going through the differences of them. But yes, anything else you want to add to that one. Nope, nope, that's it for for the resources there Yeah, Jen, let me let me see if I can say I want to pull up a next site. Give me just one moment. Yeah, for sure. And yeah, Anthony, I didn't realize that until like, okay, yes, you've probably said it before Anthony
Yeah, Jen, let me let me see if I can say I want to pull up a next site. Give me just one moment. Yeah, for sure. And yeah, Anthony, I didn't realize that until like, okay, yes, you've probably said it before Anthony And I call Anthony my internet big brother because he's come on like, I think he was my second or third episode. I don't I don't remember at this point. And so and he's been on the stream so many times throughout there that helps fill in the gaps. He just became my internet big brother
And I call Anthony my internet big brother because he's come on like, I think he was my second or third episode. I don't I don't remember at this point. And so and he's been on the stream so many times throughout there that helps fill in the gaps. He just became my internet big brother And it's been fun learning them and then referring back to them and be like, do these actually all connect and actually having it sink in now. So all right, let me get this on stage. All right, y'all. So this is the new next documentation
And it's been fun learning them and then referring back to them and be like, do these actually all connect and actually having it sink in now. So all right, let me get this on stage. All right, y'all. So this is the new next documentation They just released at this next nation, which was pretty cool. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to copy their their bootstrapping command here and open up my terminal and just paste that in. And I'll just call my project teach gen tech, right? That's what we're doing. But it's two ends
They just released at this next nation, which was pretty cool. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to copy their their bootstrapping command here and open up my terminal and just paste that in. And I'll just call my project teach gen tech, right? That's what we're doing. But it's two ends But it's two ends. Oh, it's two ends, Jen. No, it's two way. It's too late. We can change your name now. Okay, cool. So that's booting up here. And then we're going to open it in the visual studio code as soon as I get it open
But it's two ends. Oh, it's two ends, Jen. No, it's two way. It's too late. We can change your name now. Okay, cool. So that's booting up here. And then we're going to open it in the visual studio code as soon as I get it open So just a quick explanation, I'm going to show you kind of what I mean by the server side rendering. So this is going to kind of show you the difference between a vanilla view project and a next project
So just a quick explanation, I'm going to show you kind of what I mean by the server side rendering. So this is going to kind of show you the difference between a vanilla view project and a next project Adding to that question that you reminded me of a question I had earlier was, could you go over an explanation of like when somebody says server and then you have client side, like what's the difference between the two? Like what's the certain
Adding to that question that you reminded me of a question I had earlier was, could you go over an explanation of like when somebody says server and then you have client side, like what's the difference between the two? Like what's the certain I know I've asked this question before for everybody that's been here for a while, but you know, sometimes you have to ask like seven times for it to say
I know I've asked this question before for everybody that's been here for a while, but you know, sometimes you have to ask like seven times for it to say Yeah, absolutely. So your server is the computer that the person deploying the website owns or is renting or whatever, right? So it's your, it's not, it's notify servers or it's for sales servers. It's for sales computers, which probably under the hood is actually Google's computers
Yeah, absolutely. So your server is the computer that the person deploying the website owns or is renting or whatever, right? So it's your, it's not, it's notify servers or it's for sales servers. It's for sales computers, which probably under the hood is actually Google's computers I don't know, but that's probably true. So the server is everything that exists outside of your user's computer essentially. And that's the place where you can do things
I don't know, but that's probably true. So the server is everything that exists outside of your user's computer essentially. And that's the place where you can do things Safely, it's the place where you know, you can talk to your database, it's the place where you can store secret keys and all that because your users never see that. The client is just a browser. It's all it is. Yeah, the client is just the browser
Safely, it's the place where you know, you can talk to your database, it's the place where you can store secret keys and all that because your users never see that. The client is just a browser. It's all it is. Yeah, the client is just the browser Or in the case of a, you know, an electron app or desktop app, maybe it's the app shell or whatever. So yeah, it's a big question. Yes, yes. And this is probably one of the biggest things that I never get why like tech in general has so many different names for things
Or in the case of a, you know, an electron app or desktop app, maybe it's the app shell or whatever. So yeah, it's a big question. Yes, yes. And this is probably one of the biggest things that I never get why like tech in general has so many different names for things And it's like, why don't we just call it the browser? We have to call it the client. Right. Please continue. This is just a rant I have about. No worries. No worries
And it's like, why don't we just call it the browser? We have to call it the client. Right. Please continue. This is just a rant I have about. No worries. No worries No worries. I mean, the reason they call it the client is because you could have other clients, right? You could have other things receiving the stuff sent from the browser
No worries. I mean, the reason they call it the client is because you could have other clients, right? You could have other things receiving the stuff sent from the browser So like if I did, if I did curl and then I curled the next website, like in this case, my terminal would be, or I guess curl would be the client. But I can visit that same website in the browser and in the browser is the client, right? It's kind of weird. But yeah, you can have different clients
So like if I did, if I did curl and then I curled the next website, like in this case, my terminal would be, or I guess curl would be the client. But I can visit that same website in the browser and in the browser is the client, right? It's kind of weird. But yeah, you can have different clients But the one that most people are using is the browser. Okay, so I started my project, right? So teach. Yeah, there it is. So we're going to open that up. And let me show you. Let me get my presentation mode on here so I can y'all can see a little bit better. Yeah, there we go
But the one that most people are using is the browser. Okay, so I started my project, right? So teach. Yeah, there it is. So we're going to open that up. And let me show you. Let me get my presentation mode on here so I can y'all can see a little bit better. Yeah, there we go Yeah, there we go. Okay, so we're looking for it. Let me start the dev server. So I'm going to install everything with NPM. So to throw your one more difference in there, NPM is that other layer, right? That's your package manager. Oh, let's get really complicated
Yeah, there we go. Okay, so we're looking for it. Let me start the dev server. So I'm going to install everything with NPM. So to throw your one more difference in there, NPM is that other layer, right? That's your package manager. Oh, let's get really complicated What's the difference between like NPM and then why am I blanking all the other ones right now? MPX or other ones. Yeah, so NPM yarn. There we go. Bun now, right? There. That's what bun is. I haven't paid enough attention to it. That's good. That's good to know
What's the difference between like NPM and then why am I blanking all the other ones right now? MPX or other ones. Yeah, so NPM yarn. There we go. Bun now, right? There. That's what bun is. I haven't paid enough attention to it. That's good. That's good to know Well, bun is, yeah, it's more than that actually. Bun is as a whole JavaScript runtime. But it has the package manager built into it, which is kind of cool. And a package manager just installs all the things you need to do use to make one of these projects. Yes, exactly right. Exactly
Well, bun is, yeah, it's more than that actually. Bun is as a whole JavaScript runtime. But it has the package manager built into it, which is kind of cool. And a package manager just installs all the things you need to do use to make one of these projects. Yes, exactly right. Exactly Exactly. Okay, so now I'm going to start the development servers with MPM run dev. And this is VIT working its magic, right? This is VIT putting that little development server, giving me the URL and then bundling all the, compiling all my non browser ready files to be browser ready
Exactly. Okay, so now I'm going to start the development servers with MPM run dev. And this is VIT working its magic, right? This is VIT putting that little development server, giving me the URL and then bundling all the, compiling all my non browser ready files to be browser ready So then I can visit this in the browser. And you'll be you're going to be able to see now kind of VIT in action. So let's look at the network tab. Reload my page. And y'all let us know if we need to zoom in more, please. Absolutely. See, welcome to the next one. I'm here we go. So all the things
So then I can visit this in the browser. And you'll be you're going to be able to see now kind of VIT in action. So let's look at the network tab. Reload my page. And y'all let us know if we need to zoom in more, please. Absolutely. See, welcome to the next one. I'm here we go. So all the things So all the things. So there is a welcome component. And so you can see over in my code, in app.view right here, we have this next welcome component. This is a view component. So it's a it's a file that ends in .view. It's not in my project. It's in the dependencies. So I'm going to find it
So all the things. So there is a welcome component. And so you can see over in my code, in app.view right here, we have this next welcome component. This is a view component. So it's a it's a file that ends in .view. It's not in my project. It's in the dependencies. So I'm going to find it But but you can see here this this welcome.view file that my browser has loaded. So yes, it ends in .view. However, if you look at the content type here, we've got application JavaScript. So my browser, my browser is not reading the .view file. It's this is just pointing
But but you can see here this this welcome.view file that my browser has loaded. So yes, it ends in .view. However, if you look at the content type here, we've got application JavaScript. So my browser, my browser is not reading the .view file. It's this is just pointing This is just to help me know which file this is actually talking about. It's reading the compiled file that VIT made for me. So V turned my view file into a into a JavaScript file. And if you look at a response, like, this is not what I'm having to write
This is just to help me know which file this is actually talking about. It's reading the compiled file that VIT made for me. So V turned my view file into a into a JavaScript file. And if you look at a response, like, this is not what I'm having to write Like, I'm not in my ID writing this crap because that would be a nightmare. This is what VIT is creating for me. Okay. So is it possible to edit that then? Like, if I were like, hey, we're using this template. I don't I like it, but I don't like it. I want to go edit the template
Like, I'm not in my ID writing this crap because that would be a nightmare. This is what VIT is creating for me. Okay. So is it possible to edit that then? Like, if I were like, hey, we're using this template. I don't I like it, but I don't like it. I want to go edit the template Where when I just delete the template and then start from scratch, or would I can I go edit the template somewhere? Yeah, yeah, I would definitely go edit. So like, this next this next welcome here, comes from at she how do I search this at nux
Where when I just delete the template and then start from scratch, or would I can I go edit the template somewhere? Yeah, yeah, I would definitely go edit. So like, this next this next welcome here, comes from at she how do I search this at nux Do you do or are you is it at nux here? Yeah, so at nux probably. It's called templates something. I don't know. Yeah, so there's ways to go in there and that's good to know. I was very curious about that one
Do you do or are you is it at nux here? Yeah, so at nux probably. It's called templates something. I don't know. Yeah, so there's ways to go in there and that's good to know. I was very curious about that one Yeah, yeah, I probably even have a better example would be if I did a new director here called components. And then I just did a just a hello world component, right? So did hello world.view. And then I would do a template of H1 hello world something like this
Yeah, yeah, I probably even have a better example would be if I did a new director here called components. And then I just did a just a hello world component, right? So did hello world.view. And then I would do a template of H1 hello world something like this And then I could just put that here instead of the next welcome. So hello world. Okay, so this is the exact same thing. Just somewhere inside of nux package. It had something like this, right? And so now you can see this is here's that. Yeah, let me refresh. Oh, this should be hello now
And then I could just put that here instead of the next welcome. So hello world. Okay, so this is the exact same thing. Just somewhere inside of nux package. It had something like this, right? And so now you can see this is here's that. Yeah, let me refresh. Oh, this should be hello now Yeah, so you can see, yeah, here's hello world.view. But under the hood, this is what the browser actually gets. Okay. So I really really quick. I'm going to pause you because we just got rated. Thank you, Jason. If y'all don't know who Jason is, learn with Jason Jason
Yeah, so you can see, yeah, here's hello world.view. But under the hood, this is what the browser actually gets. Okay. So I really really quick. I'm going to pause you because we just got rated. Thank you, Jason. If y'all don't know who Jason is, learn with Jason Jason Because for some reason I never say Jason's last name. I don't know people's last names. I know they're Twitter handles or like their projects. And so thank you everybody for joining
Because for some reason I never say Jason's last name. I don't know people's last names. I know they're Twitter handles or like their projects. And so thank you everybody for joining We are currently hanging out with Daniel from View School learning the fundamentals of what the next is view and beat
We are currently hanging out with Daniel from View School learning the fundamentals of what the next is view and beat And we're currently seeing how beat is the build tool that use it that changes any type of framework to a vanilla free the knowledge office script and showing us an example of how that shows up in the browser or the client side instead of the server side
And we're currently seeing how beat is the build tool that use it that changes any type of framework to a vanilla free the knowledge office script and showing us an example of how that shows up in the browser or the client side instead of the server side Which the server side is the computer you're building it on. The client side is the browser for the most part. For the most part that the server side is the computer you're serving it from night. So I'm not necessarily serving it from my my actual personal laptop
Which the server side is the computer you're building it on. The client side is the browser for the most part. For the most part that the server side is the computer you're serving it from night. So I'm not necessarily serving it from my my actual personal laptop But if I deploy it to versatile, they're their servers or whatever. Got it. Yeah. Cool. Cool. Thank you. Cool. Jason by the way, I've seen some of your stuff, man. I really like I really like something
But if I deploy it to versatile, they're their servers or whatever. Got it. Yeah. Cool. Cool. Thank you. Cool. Jason by the way, I've seen some of your stuff, man. I really like I really like something Dude, his tape is like, yeah, like I wanted to name like I was going to be like maybe I should change my name or like start my show to be learned with Jen. And I was like, no, there's learn with Jason
Dude, his tape is like, yeah, like I wanted to name like I was going to be like maybe I should change my name or like start my show to be learned with Jen. And I was like, no, there's learn with Jason So instead since he gave me like the idea of it, I just said, Hey Jason, well you come on teach Jen tech. And he did back when he worked at Netlify, which is awesome. Awesome. Very cool. So yeah, so that's I mean, that's the gist of of what V is doing for you. Very cool
So instead since he gave me like the idea of it, I just said, Hey Jason, well you come on teach Jen tech. And he did back when he worked at Netlify, which is awesome. Awesome. Very cool. So yeah, so that's I mean, that's the gist of of what V is doing for you. Very cool Very cool. Taking those files and and transferring them. And I'm so glad I don't have to write this, right? Yeah, like how do a lot of people end up writing that? Like, no, nobody, every no, no, no. Yeah. That would be a lot. Cool
Very cool. Taking those files and and transferring them. And I'm so glad I don't have to write this, right? Yeah, like how do a lot of people end up writing that? Like, no, nobody, every no, no, no. Yeah. That would be a lot. Cool Cool. So yeah, what you would do, Jen, is you would come and edit this file. And then you would need to make sure you have V. Transpile the file for you. So I couldn't just edit this and then send it to the browser. You would need to run your builds. Okay. Okay. That's making fun. Awesome. Okay
Cool. So yeah, what you would do, Jen, is you would come and edit this file. And then you would need to make sure you have V. Transpile the file for you. So I couldn't just edit this and then send it to the browser. You would need to run your builds. Okay. Okay. That's making fun. Awesome. Okay Awesome. Okay. So so that's kind of how V plays a part. Let's talk about the difference now between view and and Nux and show you that. So I'm not going to start a brand new product view project just for the sake of time, but I am going to turn Nux SS are setting to false
Awesome. Okay. So so that's kind of how V plays a part. Let's talk about the difference now between view and and Nux and show you that. So I'm not going to start a brand new product view project just for the sake of time, but I am going to turn Nux SS are setting to false So what this means is that I want my Nux app to behave basically like a view app at this point. I want it to not do the server side rendering. Okay. So just imagine now this is a plain vanilla view application. And for this, this demo, it essentially is
So what this means is that I want my Nux app to behave basically like a view app at this point. I want it to not do the server side rendering. Okay. So just imagine now this is a plain vanilla view application. And for this, this demo, it essentially is So if I do view, you pay, view page source, you'll see there's really nothing. You need to use it meant a bit for us on this. And yeah, absolutely. Sweet. Thank you. Better. Yeah. Thank you. So there's really not a whole lot going on
So if I do view, you pay, view page source, you'll see there's really nothing. You need to use it meant a bit for us on this. And yeah, absolutely. Sweet. Thank you. Better. Yeah. Thank you. So there's really not a whole lot going on And more importantly, if I look for my H1 that said, hello, world, that doesn't exist in here. So the server didn't put that H1 tag into my HTML. Okay. So, but I still have the hello world in the page
And more importantly, if I look for my H1 that said, hello, world, that doesn't exist in here. So the server didn't put that H1 tag into my HTML. Okay. So, but I still have the hello world in the page It's like, so what's going on? So what's going on is that the JavaScript is executing and putting the hello world in here. The HTML is just, where's the div? Just this div right here. This is where the JavaScript is. It's finding the div with the idea of the next
It's like, so what's going on? So what's going on is that the JavaScript is executing and putting the hello world in here. The HTML is just, where's the div? Just this div right here. This is where the JavaScript is. It's finding the div with the idea of the next And then it's injecting that into the div. Which is fine for our end user, but for the crawlers, they don't necessarily always execute the JavaScript before crawling it
And then it's injecting that into the div. Which is fine for our end user, but for the crawlers, they don't necessarily always execute the JavaScript before crawling it So right here, if I go to, let's see, how do I turn off JavaScript? If I go to settings and then where's JavaScript in here? Disable JavaScript. Can I search this? Java. I thought it was in here somewhere. Ah, here it is. Disable JavaScript. Okay
So right here, if I go to, let's see, how do I turn off JavaScript? If I go to settings and then where's JavaScript in here? Disable JavaScript. Can I search this? Java. I thought it was in here somewhere. Ah, here it is. Disable JavaScript. Okay Okay. So if I have my JavaScript disabled and refresh the page, yeah, you can see that the hello world is up there. So it only exists in the JavaScript. Yeah
Okay. So if I have my JavaScript disabled and refresh the page, yeah, you can see that the hello world is up there. So it only exists in the JavaScript. Yeah Yeah. And if you have nukes enabled though, even if we disabled the JavaScript, it would still be showing because nukes will take it from that JavaScript into creating it as an HTML. That's right. On the server. Cool. On the server
Yeah. And if you have nukes enabled though, even if we disabled the JavaScript, it would still be showing because nukes will take it from that JavaScript into creating it as an HTML. That's right. On the server. Cool. On the server On the server. Therefore, it will load faster because it's already been done on the server. Yep. Yep. And it does the browser doesn't have to execute that JavaScript before it shows anything. Yeah, absolutely right. So I'll just disable that SSR fault
On the server. Therefore, it will load faster because it's already been done on the server. Yep. Yep. And it does the browser doesn't have to execute that JavaScript before it shows anything. Yeah, absolutely right. So I'll just disable that SSR fault So now it's behaving more like a typical nukes application. And now if I refresh the page, yeah, my JavaScript is still disabled, but hello world is okay. And that's because it's in the, so here's the H1, there's the hello world. So it's coming from the server
So now it's behaving more like a typical nukes application. And now if I refresh the page, yeah, my JavaScript is still disabled, but hello world is okay. And that's because it's in the, so here's the H1, there's the hello world. So it's coming from the server So that's making sense on why that's like very important for like SEO and crawlers and things like that
So that's making sense on why that's like very important for like SEO and crawlers and things like that What doesn't quite make sense to me is we've mentioned hydration and those type of things really quick before if anybody wants funny story of we were talking earlier about my internet, big brother Anthony, he was like, hey, let's help you get more people on the stream
What doesn't quite make sense to me is we've mentioned hydration and those type of things really quick before if anybody wants funny story of we were talking earlier about my internet, big brother Anthony, he was like, hey, let's help you get more people on the stream And he saw Mishko who created Angular post about that he wanted to do streams like to talk about quick. Fifth episode. Fifth episode. Mishko comes on and he's like, hey, do you want to like do like maybe like hacker news or something? And I'm like, what? That's a thing
And he saw Mishko who created Angular post about that he wanted to do streams like to talk about quick. Fifth episode. Fifth episode. Mishko comes on and he's like, hey, do you want to like do like maybe like hacker news or something? And I'm like, what? That's a thing So he basically spent the time trying to explain what hydration is. And as I said, episode number one of Teach Shantek was learning the differences between CSS HTML and JavaScript. So fifth episode being hydration. I was like, I need. What is this hydration thing? Right? Yeah
So he basically spent the time trying to explain what hydration is. And as I said, episode number one of Teach Shantek was learning the differences between CSS HTML and JavaScript. So fifth episode being hydration. I was like, I need. What is this hydration thing? Right? Yeah So what is hydration and where does it go into all of these pieces? So hydration is really just kind of the mixture of your view app on the client side and view app on the server side. So next does its thing here? Right? Where it renders it on the server. But with JavaScript off
So what is hydration and where does it go into all of these pieces? So hydration is really just kind of the mixture of your view app on the client side and view app on the server side. So next does its thing here? Right? Where it renders it on the server. But with JavaScript off So with JavaScript off, this is is not really doing anything. Now I'm not actually doing anything inside the component. Let's do something like, I don't know, um, Srup setup. Let me make it whenever I click the H1 we do an alert. Why not? So I'm going to find a function here called handle click
So with JavaScript off, this is is not really doing anything. Now I'm not actually doing anything inside the component. Let's do something like, I don't know, um, Srup setup. Let me make it whenever I click the H1 we do an alert. Why not? So I'm going to find a function here called handle click And then we're just going to alert hello world. Okay. And then we're going to call whenever we click this H1 we'll call handle click. Okay. With JavaScript turned off, this isn't going to do anything
And then we're just going to alert hello world. Okay. And then we're going to call whenever we click this H1 we'll call handle click. Okay. With JavaScript turned off, this isn't going to do anything I can click all I want and it's not going to do anything because we need JavaScript to handle event handlers, right? That's not something that can run on the server. That's something that only runs in the browser. But if I turn JavaScript back on and then click, we get the hello world
I can click all I want and it's not going to do anything because we need JavaScript to handle event handlers, right? That's not something that can run on the server. That's something that only runs in the browser. But if I turn JavaScript back on and then click, we get the hello world So the idea here is that this is the server side rendering is getting that content into the HTML. The hydration is going and actually putting the interactivity kind of back over that regular old HTML. So we're actually getting the the whole view app is up and running in this in this browser. No
So the idea here is that this is the server side rendering is getting that content into the HTML. The hydration is going and actually putting the interactivity kind of back over that regular old HTML. So we're actually getting the the whole view app is up and running in this in this browser. No No. And because the whole view app is up and running, it can listen to the click and I can do things on the client side. Um, I think that helps. It's not super clear. But um, yeah. You know, I think I think we'll get there. I think that is an added thing like asking about what is typescript
No. And because the whole view app is up and running, it can listen to the click and I can do things on the client side. Um, I think that helps. It's not super clear. But um, yeah. You know, I think I think we'll get there. I think that is an added thing like asking about what is typescript Um, oh yeah. But this is, this is starting to make a lot more sense like refreshing on the fundamentals and seeing how it actually works in action. Um, is there somewhere where we can actually see a bit more about what the does and the build tool? Sure. And how to build things
Um, oh yeah. But this is, this is starting to make a lot more sense like refreshing on the fundamentals and seeing how it actually works in action. Um, is there somewhere where we can actually see a bit more about what the does and the build tool? Sure. And how to build things Is there a way of seeing that? Or is it just like magically behind the scenes and you don't get to see any of it? Um, I mean, a lot of it's happening, but behind the scenes, I imagine you could probably pass a flag here
Is there a way of seeing that? Or is it just like magically behind the scenes and you don't get to see any of it? Um, I mean, a lot of it's happening, but behind the scenes, I imagine you could probably pass a flag here Um, see, this is um, this is kind of where Veeats doing some stuff like so Veeats server had hmr for seven different files. Um, yeah, I'm sure there's like a flag we could probably pass to it to see what all Veeats is doing under the hood. To be honest, I don't know what it is. That's fair
Um, see, this is um, this is kind of where Veeats doing some stuff like so Veeats server had hmr for seven different files. Um, yeah, I'm sure there's like a flag we could probably pass to it to see what all Veeats is doing under the hood. To be honest, I don't know what it is. That's fair That's fair. Um, you know what? Let's try one thing. Um, so next is a typescript first, uh, framework, which means configuring it is super easy. So like, I can hit control space bar in here and just kind of scroll through all the different options, which is really nice. Oh, that's cool
That's fair. Um, you know what? Let's try one thing. Um, so next is a typescript first, uh, framework, which means configuring it is super easy. So like, I can hit control space bar in here and just kind of scroll through all the different options, which is really nice. Oh, that's cool Oh, that's cool. So I think there is a Veeats option. So there is, and I can control space bar again. And let's see if there's a way to, uh, tell it to like print out stuff, uh, experimental JSON, like a C log level, maybe, or maybe, is there like a dev? I don't know
Oh, that's cool. So I think there is a Veeats option. So there is, and I can control space bar again. And let's see if there's a way to, uh, tell it to like print out stuff, uh, experimental JSON, like a C log level, maybe, or maybe, is there like a dev? I don't know Let's, let's, let's see what log level does. Um, so log level, and then I'm just, see, this is what, this is the typescript helping me out. Like, all I'm doing is pressing control space bar, and it, it gives me the autocomplete, which is, I love it
Let's, let's, let's see what log level does. Um, so log level, and then I'm just, see, this is what, this is the typescript helping me out. Like, all I'm doing is pressing control space bar, and it, it gives me the autocomplete, which is, I love it Um, let's try log level, level info and see if that gives me anything more. Um, so if I make a change here, paragraph, I don't know. HMR update, yeah, it doesn't look like I'm really getting any more info, but um, but yeah. This is, this is making a lot more sense
Um, let's try log level, level info and see if that gives me anything more. Um, so if I make a change here, paragraph, I don't know. HMR update, yeah, it doesn't look like I'm really getting any more info, but um, but yeah. This is, this is making a lot more sense And I mean, y'all, we have had Daniel go through so much. Is there anything else you want to show us that you think we need to review today? Um, let me, let me show you one more thing
And I mean, y'all, we have had Daniel go through so much. Is there anything else you want to show us that you think we need to review today? Um, let me, let me show you one more thing Let me show you this built in server API endpoints, because I think this, this was a big difference between next two and next three. Um, next two did not have this. And this was a huge, huge thing
Let me show you this built in server API endpoints, because I think this, this was a big difference between next two and next three. Um, next two did not have this. And this was a huge, huge thing Um, so if I go to this server director here, and create a folder called API, okay, and then create a, let me just do that right there. Actually, let me do that
Um, so if I go to this server director here, and create a folder called API, okay, and then create a, let me just do that right there. Actually, let me do that So I chose new API because I have a extension install, the kind of nose, the default, next file types and things, and it's able to give me some boilerplate. Um, so, okay. So now I've got return, hello, Nitro. Let's pretend, let's pretend here that I, you know, I connect to a database
So I chose new API because I have a extension install, the kind of nose, the default, next file types and things, and it's able to give me some boilerplate. Um, so, okay. So now I've got return, hello, Nitro. Let's pretend, let's pretend here that I, you know, I connect to a database I fetch, you know, the, I fetch all the blog posts for my database or whatever, right? And then what I can do is once I have all those blog posts ready, so that can look like, you know, this is on my blog post for my database
I fetch, you know, the, I fetch all the blog posts for my database or whatever, right? And then what I can do is once I have all those blog posts ready, so that can look like, you know, this is on my blog post for my database And I've got a blog close with a title of, you know, hello world, and then I've got another blog post with a title of, yeah, I'm super not creative with these, Jim. I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, so many times. Uh, hello beautiful human. There you go. That's what I, that's what I write
And I've got a blog close with a title of, you know, hello world, and then I've got another blog post with a title of, yeah, I'm super not creative with these, Jim. I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, so many times. Uh, hello beautiful human. There you go. That's what I, that's what I write I love that, Jim. It's a wonderful shout out to being human. I actually, I really appreciate that. Okay, so here's all our posts. So now we can just return our posts. Like we don't have to JSON, stringify it or anything like that
I love that, Jim. It's a wonderful shout out to being human. I actually, I really appreciate that. Okay, so here's all our posts. So now we can just return our posts. Like we don't have to JSON, stringify it or anything like that Normally if you're sending something from the server, based on stringify, it's still being JSON stringify. There should be none of the, but now, uh, now if I were to visit local host 3000 slash API slash, um, was it hello world? What was the name of the file? Yeah, hello world
Normally if you're sending something from the server, based on stringify, it's still being JSON stringify. There should be none of the, but now, uh, now if I were to visit local host 3000 slash API slash, um, was it hello world? What was the name of the file? Yeah, hello world Okay, I get my, my posts. And so this is just like a server, a JSON rest API, right? Okay. And it's super quick to boot up. Um, but the, the beauty of it now is that I can interact with this API endpoint, um, from my components. So here, let's say I want to display all the posts
Okay, I get my, my posts. And so this is just like a server, a JSON rest API, right? Okay. And it's super quick to boot up. Um, but the, the beauty of it now is that I can interact with this API endpoint, um, from my components. So here, let's say I want to display all the posts Well, in my script section, I would just make a request with the built in use fetch composable. It's slash and, uh, why is the auto complete now working? That's the best part. Um, the lecture. No, that was by server store running. It is me restarted just to be sure here
Well, in my script section, I would just make a request with the built in use fetch composable. It's slash and, uh, why is the auto complete now working? That's the best part. Um, the lecture. No, that was by server store running. It is me restarted just to be sure here Should auto complete this, uh, this route for me. Okay, that I mean in general is just like live coding. It doesn't matter. Like it's like, I don't care what you're doing. It's going to cause issues. Absolutely. Live coding life. Let me, let me try this one
Should auto complete this, uh, this route for me. Okay, that I mean in general is just like live coding. It doesn't matter. Like it's like, I don't care what you're doing. It's going to cause issues. Absolutely. Live coding life. Let me, let me try this one Oh, why is it not doing this? Uh, let me get rid of that. And let's just, uh, let's cross our fingers. If this doesn't work, then we're moving on. All right. Still no. See, okay. But anyways, we can make a request to that API endpoint. Okay
Oh, why is it not doing this? Uh, let me get rid of that. And let's just, uh, let's cross our fingers. If this doesn't work, then we're moving on. All right. Still no. See, okay. But anyways, we can make a request to that API endpoint. Okay Okay. Um, and then we can, oh, it looks like it started to do it then. My apologies, Jen. I'm going to make a work. I'm going to make it work. It has to work. Still. Okay. It's always, I will say that is something that I really am so grateful about
Okay. Um, and then we can, oh, it looks like it started to do it then. My apologies, Jen. I'm going to make a work. I'm going to make it work. It has to work. Still. Okay. It's always, I will say that is something that I really am so grateful about People that have a lot more experience coming on the stream. And then this type of stuff happened. Not like I want anything to happen to other people. But I think that's one of the biggest things that beginners have in their mind. It's like, yo, everybody just gets it the first time
People that have a lot more experience coming on the stream. And then this type of stuff happened. Not like I want anything to happen to other people. But I think that's one of the biggest things that beginners have in their mind. It's like, yo, everybody just gets it the first time So like this just like really does make it show others. Like it doesn't matter how much experience you have. That's right. It can still happen. It's coding. This is the world of coding. That's exactly right. Exactly. Okay. So, so now I can get my data
So like this just like really does make it show others. Like it doesn't matter how much experience you have. That's right. It can still happen. It's coding. This is the world of coding. That's exactly right. Exactly. Okay. So, so now I can get my data And I think it's coming out of here like this or like this is on my post. I can remember which one it is. Yeah. My some of the autocomplete stuff has been working. So I don't know why that is. But um, so now I would want to loop over each of these
And I think it's coming out of here like this or like this is on my post. I can remember which one it is. Yeah. My some of the autocomplete stuff has been working. So I don't know why that is. But um, so now I would want to loop over each of these Why why in the world is going on around? It thinks I'm inside of oh, this thing is up here. I bet that was the issue. No. Oh, it's gracious. You're right, Jen. This is totally live coding. Okay
Why why in the world is going on around? It thinks I'm inside of oh, this thing is up here. I bet that was the issue. No. Oh, it's gracious. You're right, Jen. This is totally live coding. Okay Okay. So now when I do the LLI and I'm just going to actually type it because apparently my ID is freaking out right now. Um, so we can loop over each of those posts. So for post and posts. Um, and then we can just like print the title of the post, right? Post dot
Okay. So now when I do the LLI and I'm just going to actually type it because apparently my ID is freaking out right now. Um, so we can loop over each of those posts. So for post and posts. Um, and then we can just like print the title of the post, right? Post dot And this is where I really wish the type script was working. Oh, it's because I didn't say Langi goals to yes up here, isn't it? Post dot no. I don't know. They saw it working or they know it's a thing. It is a thing we saw it. Everybody I know we saw it. We did see it working earlier
And this is where I really wish the type script was working. Oh, it's because I didn't say Langi goals to yes up here, isn't it? Post dot no. I don't know. They saw it working or they know it's a thing. It is a thing we saw it. Everybody I know we saw it. We did see it working earlier We totally saw it. Okay. So now if I go let's go back to the the actual page here. Uh, and I've got lots of. So let me look at uh, at view. So these are the view DevTools. And now I can see what post is. Okay. So post is a promise. So it's cool. I didn't actually await for it to finish. Okay
We totally saw it. Okay. So now if I go let's go back to the the actual page here. Uh, and I've got lots of. So let me look at uh, at view. So these are the view DevTools. And now I can see what post is. Okay. So post is a promise. So it's cool. I didn't actually await for it to finish. Okay Okay. So that's that's a little better. And now post is this data object here. Uh, it has data error blah blah blah. So yeah, this should actually be some extracting data from the return of this and that data is the post. So yeah, there are the posts there. Yeah. Yeah. So it works
Okay. So that's that's a little better. And now post is this data object here. Uh, it has data error blah blah blah. So yeah, this should actually be some extracting data from the return of this and that data is the post. So yeah, there are the posts there. Yeah. Yeah. So it works Yeah. So it works. But the biggest benefit here is that you get like the audit completion and stuff and type script. And posts dot. Yeah, I don't know why it's not working right now. Um, but like. Wait, Alex just said the HTML template and syntax kind of reminds them of handlebars
Yeah. So it works. But the biggest benefit here is that you get like the audit completion and stuff and type script. And posts dot. Yeah, I don't know why it's not working right now. Um, but like. Wait, Alex just said the HTML template and syntax kind of reminds them of handlebars Yeah, it's kind of the same. Um, so that I mean, this is one of the major differences between view and and reactives, reactives is the JSX and us view people do uh, basically anything that's legit uh HTML like we can put in here
Yeah, it's kind of the same. Um, so that I mean, this is one of the major differences between view and and reactives, reactives is the JSX and us view people do uh, basically anything that's legit uh HTML like we can put in here But then we have these little view directives that we add in um, the d thv stuff. Oh, and uh, Anthony said uh, really quick, uh, VS code maybe restarting it, you know, I feel like that's a default answer. Hey, restart it. Did you turn it off and turn it back on? Sure. The best answer
But then we have these little view directives that we add in um, the d thv stuff. Oh, and uh, Anthony said uh, really quick, uh, VS code maybe restarting it, you know, I feel like that's a default answer. Hey, restart it. Did you turn it off and turn it back on? Sure. The best answer The best answer. And just wanted to say, thank you. Uh, is it McNeely add? We're going to go out. Here it is. Here it is. And uh, also shout out to thank you for Mr. Noli. Thank you, everyone. I appreciate the follows. Okay, keep going Daniel. Yeah, sorry, sorry
The best answer. And just wanted to say, thank you. Uh, is it McNeely add? We're going to go out. Here it is. Here it is. And uh, also shout out to thank you for Mr. Noli. Thank you, everyone. I appreciate the follows. Okay, keep going Daniel. Yeah, sorry, sorry Yeah, sorry, sorry. I uh, I've zoned out there for just a second. Reloading my thing and I think it's working now. Um, I apologize interrupting you there for the the shout outs. Yeah, it's good in shout outs
Yeah, sorry, sorry. I uh, I've zoned out there for just a second. Reloading my thing and I think it's working now. Um, I apologize interrupting you there for the the shout outs. Yeah, it's good in shout outs Like I got to make sure people hear their appreciation because I think that's one thing like a lot of people don't understand is like how much like liking and following and like watching people's content is what makes the algorithm work. Yes
Like I got to make sure people hear their appreciation because I think that's one thing like a lot of people don't understand is like how much like liking and following and like watching people's content is what makes the algorithm work. Yes Yes. And um, also like, I love hearing ideas, which by the time, by the way, y'all, think of questions that we need to ask Daniel on the next stream. So start thinking of those that you've seen so far. So we know what to ask and for a follow-up. Absolutely. I love those questions
Yes. And um, also like, I love hearing ideas, which by the time, by the way, y'all, think of questions that we need to ask Daniel on the next stream. So start thinking of those that you've seen so far. So we know what to ask and for a follow-up. Absolutely. I love those questions Um, so yes, I think it is working now, Jen. And this, this is really what I want to show you. So yeah, see, see how it autocompletes my API employee? Like, that is pretty cool. It's, it's really nice
Um, so yes, I think it is working now, Jen. And this, this is really what I want to show you. So yeah, see, see how it autocompletes my API employee? Like, that is pretty cool. It's, it's really nice And not only is the API endpoint autocompleeted, but it knows what the return it knows what the responses. So you can see here, it's a, I mean, I'm pointing at my screen like an idiot with my finger because y'all can't see that. You're good. Well, well, imagine
And not only is the API endpoint autocompleeted, but it knows what the return it knows what the responses. So you can see here, it's a, I mean, I'm pointing at my screen like an idiot with my finger because y'all can't see that. You're good. Well, well, imagine Uh, so you can see it's a, it's an array that's returning of objects that have a title, uh, property. So, so this is really cool. Like now down here, I can say post. And it autocompletes title for me
Uh, so you can see it's a, it's an array that's returning of objects that have a title, uh, property. So, so this is really cool. Like now down here, I can say post. And it autocompletes title for me Um, so this is a disconnect like if I was using a Laravel API or just a completely separate API from a next project, I wouldn't get any of this or I would have to manually type this stuff inside my project
Um, so this is a disconnect like if I was using a Laravel API or just a completely separate API from a next project, I wouldn't get any of this or I would have to manually type this stuff inside my project Now just based on the return of my, um, of my endpoint, I automatically now on the front end know what the shape of that data is. And so I can, it helps not create errors, you know, I can code more confidently. This is pretty sweet. Thank you
Now just based on the return of my, um, of my endpoint, I automatically now on the front end know what the shape of that data is. And so I can, it helps not create errors, you know, I can code more confidently. This is pretty sweet. Thank you Thank you. I think that's definitely, um, and yes, Anthony, I'm really glad that Redwood GraphQL API has always done this. He's a very, very big into Redwood and GraphQL. At, um, at some point, I know that okay, I'm gonna do, maybe you and Daniel can chat and we can do a GraphQL next stream
Thank you. I think that's definitely, um, and yes, Anthony, I'm really glad that Redwood GraphQL API has always done this. He's a very, very big into Redwood and GraphQL. At, um, at some point, I know that okay, I'm gonna do, maybe you and Daniel can chat and we can do a GraphQL next stream Like you got to talk to Daniel about like that would be cool to come on together because he Anthony's been wanting to come on the stream to talk about GraphQL for forever. So we got to go baby steps
Like you got to talk to Daniel about like that would be cool to come on together because he Anthony's been wanting to come on the stream to talk about GraphQL for forever. So we got to go baby steps My personal experience with GraphQL is I've used it some, uh, and I really do like the, I mean, like you have that type, type safety across, uh, you're back in and you're front end, which is exactly kind of what I just did here, right? So GraphQL pioneered that essentially
My personal experience with GraphQL is I've used it some, uh, and I really do like the, I mean, like you have that type, type safety across, uh, you're back in and you're front end, which is exactly kind of what I just did here, right? So GraphQL pioneered that essentially Like they did that first. Absolutely. Um, I'm, I'm just always more comfortable doing like regular rest API calls. So this helps me as the one who's comfortable with rest API calls get the same kind of functionality, which is, is really nice
Like they did that first. Absolutely. Um, I'm, I'm just always more comfortable doing like regular rest API calls. So this helps me as the one who's comfortable with rest API calls get the same kind of functionality, which is, is really nice But I can do it without a GraphQL piece, which makes me comfortable. Interesting. All right. All right. That's good to know. Very cool. Well, I like that you showed us that and we also got to see how to troubleshoot those type of things when they don't work
But I can do it without a GraphQL piece, which makes me comfortable. Interesting. All right. All right. That's good to know. Very cool. Well, I like that you showed us that and we also got to see how to troubleshoot those type of things when they don't work I think that's always very helpful for all of us to now. Is there anything else that we have missed that you want to go over? No, I think that's about it, Jen. Yay. All right. So y'all, either like also go follow, uh, Daniel and view school on all the social medias, they're everywhere
I think that's always very helpful for all of us to now. Is there anything else that we have missed that you want to go over? No, I think that's about it, Jen. Yay. All right. So y'all, either like also go follow, uh, Daniel and view school on all the social medias, they're everywhere Um, really big on x formerly known as Twitter. And if y'all want to see how awkward it is saying that during conferences, definitely like know that this is something I struggle with all the time. We have a weekly stream sometime on Tuesday between like a few hours earlier to now ish
Um, really big on x formerly known as Twitter. And if y'all want to see how awkward it is saying that during conferences, definitely like know that this is something I struggle with all the time. We have a weekly stream sometime on Tuesday between like a few hours earlier to now ish Um, I haven't gotten great at nearly now in the time yet. But yes, y'all come back. Uh, thank you for following Calvin and y'all. Make sure to click follow and ask us all the questions that we should have Daniel on the stream again for view next
Um, I haven't gotten great at nearly now in the time yet. But yes, y'all come back. Uh, thank you for following Calvin and y'all. Make sure to click follow and ask us all the questions that we should have Daniel on the stream again for view next I'm going to volunteer you for beat two or pinya or like we'll figure out one of those things we need to learn more about. And thank you all. Let's see where it my space seeming anything that they need to follow up with, uh, and follow y'all on that I forgot to mention
I'm going to volunteer you for beat two or pinya or like we'll figure out one of those things we need to learn more about. And thank you all. Let's see where it my space seeming anything that they need to follow up with, uh, and follow y'all on that I forgot to mention Okay, and do y'all want to go to finite uh, singularity or ending with all Ali? Almost that all Ali because both are really great streams. So see if we have any preferences before I hit the rate button. I'm just going to surprise y'all you're just going to have a random, a random one
Okay, and do y'all want to go to finite uh, singularity or ending with all Ali? Almost that all Ali because both are really great streams. So see if we have any preferences before I hit the rate button. I'm just going to surprise y'all you're just going to have a random, a random one Once again, a bee. We don't know. Oh, oh, treat, but you're here and I'm leaving. But yes, okay, y'all really quick before I go through all of this and raid you. Um, we're going to get, uh, just like skittles where you guys can like do things and get your points and I'm going to get skittles
Once again, a bee. We don't know. Oh, oh, treat, but you're here and I'm leaving. But yes, okay, y'all really quick before I go through all of this and raid you. Um, we're going to get, uh, just like skittles where you guys can like do things and get your points and I'm going to get skittles It's going to be amazing. And because you made all these like machines, it's really cool. All right, we are going to raid and thank you everyone.
It's going to be amazing. And because you made all these like machines, it's really cool. All right, we are going to raid and thank you everyone.