Hello, hello beautiful humans. Welcome to another episode of Teach Gen Tech. And I'm excited because we are joined today with two humans that I am fortunate enough to call friends and who are insanely smart and help me level up all the time because they call me out on making me do things better So, um, do, bro, you got one of the cups. I need one of the cups. I've got a, I've got a Jacob mug. I want to put it like make a Jacob, like an OSRG Teach Gen Tech mug. And what up learner? Um, I plan on rebranding
So, um, do, bro, you got one of the cups. I need one of the cups. I've got a, I've got a Jacob mug. I want to put it like make a Jacob, like an OSRG Teach Gen Tech mug. And what up learner? Um, I plan on rebranding So like the, the logos will eventually change, but you'll have like an OG collectible. Okay, that'll be amazing. I'm excited for that. And yeah, so I would say question number one, who are you guys? Who are you? Right. It's a deep question. Uh, my name is Roy
So like the, the logos will eventually change, but you'll have like an OG collectible. Okay, that'll be amazing. I'm excited for that. And yeah, so I would say question number one, who are you guys? Who are you? Right. It's a deep question. Uh, my name is Roy Uh, my name is Roy. At some point, people are going to figure out our men and posture and I'll never be in tech again. Uh, on a more serious note, I work with the developer success team at Clark right now
Uh, my name is Roy. At some point, people are going to figure out our men and posture and I'll never be in tech again. Uh, on a more serious note, I work with the developer success team at Clark right now Um, and yeah, as Jen mentioned, Jacob, her and I know each other from a bunch of different things, whether it's tech or gaming and just happy to be on the stream for my second time. Yeah. Wait, I think this might be your third time
Um, and yeah, as Jen mentioned, Jacob, her and I know each other from a bunch of different things, whether it's tech or gaming and just happy to be on the stream for my second time. Yeah. Wait, I think this might be your third time Were you there when we did the weird co-working session with like 12 people on the stream? Oh, yeah. If you want to count that, yes. I counted. Yeah. I don't think I ever kept the episode, but I, uh, those because of the ice cream. Oh, yeah. That's true. But it was in my stream yard. Yep. Okay
Were you there when we did the weird co-working session with like 12 people on the stream? Oh, yeah. If you want to count that, yes. I counted. Yeah. I don't think I ever kept the episode, but I, uh, those because of the ice cream. Oh, yeah. That's true. But it was in my stream yard. Yep. Okay Yep. Okay. Okay. Yay. So this is the, you know, the 2.5 time I've been in the stream. We'll go with that. And Jacob, who are you? Uh, yeah. Names, names right right there. Um, so I worked at CloudFlare for the last three years
Yep. Okay. Okay. Yay. So this is the, you know, the 2.5 time I've been in the stream. We'll go with that. And Jacob, who are you? Uh, yeah. Names, names right right there. Um, so I worked at CloudFlare for the last three years If you use CloudFlare stuff as a developer, you probably use something that I touched, like the developer, the worker CLI. I currently work at Clerk as well with the magnificent Roy here. I am on the dev role team as a senior developer experience engineer. So very, very fancy title. I dig it
If you use CloudFlare stuff as a developer, you probably use something that I touched, like the developer, the worker CLI. I currently work at Clerk as well with the magnificent Roy here. I am on the dev role team as a senior developer experience engineer. So very, very fancy title. I dig it I dig it. I dig it. And, uh, to fill in some of the things that I've been doing, some pieces here. Um, Jacob was on my stream in the very beginning, like probably the first month or two. And y'all, I've been joining or like learning TypeScript and JavaScript at the same time
I dig it. I dig it. And, uh, to fill in some of the things that I've been doing, some pieces here. Um, Jacob was on my stream in the very beginning, like probably the first month or two. And y'all, I've been joining or like learning TypeScript and JavaScript at the same time It wasn't like a, hey, I'm going to work with React or anything. It was a, yo, I'm going to do, uh, I don't know what I'm learning because I'm just going to start learning. And then Jacob came on the stream to talk about TypeScript, which I don't even know what we ended up talking about
It wasn't like a, hey, I'm going to work with React or anything. It was a, yo, I'm going to do, uh, I don't know what I'm learning because I'm just going to start learning. And then Jacob came on the stream to talk about TypeScript, which I don't even know what we ended up talking about Headless, something. Worker. I think workers. Yeah. Yep. Yep. So, uh, let's just say for anybody that watches that, it'll be painful for you and everyone involved because it just was not clicking, like at all. And, uh, but it was very amusing
Headless, something. Worker. I think workers. Yeah. Yep. Yep. So, uh, let's just say for anybody that watches that, it'll be painful for you and everyone involved because it just was not clicking, like at all. And, uh, but it was very amusing And then Roy was on the stream to talk about a lot of the behind the scenes items that I was struggling with to understand coming from a go daddy point of view because I was learning about, like trying to understand all these different website structures and building apps when my point of reference was WordPress and website builders, like Squarespace or go daddy or weably and those type of things
And then Roy was on the stream to talk about a lot of the behind the scenes items that I was struggling with to understand coming from a go daddy point of view because I was learning about, like trying to understand all these different website structures and building apps when my point of reference was WordPress and website builders, like Squarespace or go daddy or weably and those type of things So both of those, um, very spaced out actually, um, Jacob was here like a year ago and Roy was here in April. Yeah. So months ago
So both of those, um, very spaced out actually, um, Jacob was here like a year ago and Roy was here in April. Yeah. So months ago So months ago. Yeah, that's, if you, if you're just kind of like clueless about the whole like what is SSR or what is client rendered, what is server rendered, what is all of that kind of stuff? Um, that stream was kind of like a good intro stream
So months ago. Yeah, that's, if you, if you're just kind of like clueless about the whole like what is SSR or what is client rendered, what is server rendered, what is all of that kind of stuff? Um, that stream was kind of like a good intro stream Um, I think, I know a lot of people who are kind of getting into that stuff, uh, struggle with all of these terms and concepts. Um, though we probably have to go back and talk about server components and server actions now because they are, uh, they're here to play
Um, I think, I know a lot of people who are kind of getting into that stuff, uh, struggle with all of these terms and concepts. Um, though we probably have to go back and talk about server components and server actions now because they are, uh, they're here to play I almost put, um, Rith Row, like your name was about to be called, I was putting this in the chat. Um, so yes, y'all definitely something to that I think would be very helpful. I am curious because this is, um, it'll be fun
I almost put, um, Rith Row, like your name was about to be called, I was putting this in the chat. Um, so yes, y'all definitely something to that I think would be very helpful. I am curious because this is, um, it'll be fun How did we meet, y'all? Do you remember? Uh, I think you meant Jacob first, didn't you? I don't remember now. Yep. Yep. Jacob, how's say, uh, code in life? Uh, I'm still going to call it Twitter space three days a week, um, the evening time in the US
How did we meet, y'all? Do you remember? Uh, I think you meant Jacob first, didn't you? I don't remember now. Yep. Yep. Jacob, how's say, uh, code in life? Uh, I'm still going to call it Twitter space three days a week, um, the evening time in the US And I think, I think Anthony Campolo or as I like to say his last name is AJC Web Dev, which is his Twitter handle, um, helps me get in start teach Gen Tech. And then he was friends with someone named Bro Nifty. And Bro Nifty was in Jacob's Twitter space. And I kept showing up
And I think, I think Anthony Campolo or as I like to say his last name is AJC Web Dev, which is his Twitter handle, um, helps me get in start teach Gen Tech. And then he was friends with someone named Bro Nifty. And Bro Nifty was in Jacob's Twitter space. And I kept showing up And this is a very technical Twitter space. And I kept going on. I don't know why Jacob let me on stage, but I kept going on stage and asking lots and lots and lots of questions. And then they talked about D&D. And I was like, that's the thing. I've heard it's cool
And this is a very technical Twitter space. And I kept going on. I don't know why Jacob let me on stage, but I kept going on stage and asking lots and lots and lots of questions. And then they talked about D&D. And I was like, that's the thing. I've heard it's cool I've always wanted to learn how to play D&D. And they were starting a new campaign. And Jacob said yes. And Roy was part of that campaign. And, um, I annoyed the shit out of them with my character. And it was so much fun because I did not understand D&D or anything
I've always wanted to learn how to play D&D. And they were starting a new campaign. And Jacob said yes. And Roy was part of that campaign. And, um, I annoyed the shit out of them with my character. And it was so much fun because I did not understand D&D or anything So, uh, when did you guys start playing D&D? Jacob, you could go for a system. All right. Um, I started playing back in high school, like, like most, uh, like Uber nerds. That was, we were primarily playing like 3.5 and like the stinoff, like Pathfinder and stuff
So, uh, when did you guys start playing D&D? Jacob, you could go for a system. All right. Um, I started playing back in high school, like, like most, uh, like Uber nerds. That was, we were primarily playing like 3.5 and like the stinoff, like Pathfinder and stuff I would, I would say the, uh, another, like another, I would say like big, like, upsurge and so many playing D&D. So this is like, I played Magic Gathering back then and I did all the, all the nerd games. Um, around, around right before COVID, one of my friends had reached out to me
I would, I would say the, uh, another, like another, I would say like big, like, upsurge and so many playing D&D. So this is like, I played Magic Gathering back then and I did all the, all the nerd games. Um, around, around right before COVID, one of my friends had reached out to me He wanted to start playing D&D more, but he wanted to do it remotely because he was in Hawaii and I was in Illinois. He just didn't have anybody to play with and play seriously. And I was like, you know, certainly I'll play. And then COVID happened. And so we were playing D&D a lot
He wanted to start playing D&D more, but he wanted to do it remotely because he was in Hawaii and I was in Illinois. He just didn't have anybody to play with and play seriously. And I was like, you know, certainly I'll play. And then COVID happened. And so we were playing D&D a lot And I, yeah, I just got, I got back into it pretty, pretty hard after that. Nice. And Roy, when did you start playing? Uh, so I first played when I was, a kid, I didn't even remember how long ago it was some 44. It would have been sometime around 15. I don't remember exactly
And I, yeah, I just got, I got back into it pretty, pretty hard after that. Nice. And Roy, when did you start playing? Uh, so I first played when I was, a kid, I didn't even remember how long ago it was some 44. It would have been sometime around 15. I don't remember exactly And I played on and off for, for a while for probably about 10 years, uh, through university and a little bit after, uh, played some D&D, played some shot of run. Played a little bit with a couple of other systems, but nothing serious, nothing more than a couple of sessions
And I played on and off for, for a while for probably about 10 years, uh, through university and a little bit after, uh, played some D&D, played some shot of run. Played a little bit with a couple of other systems, but nothing serious, nothing more than a couple of sessions And then I just didn't have anyone to play with. So I had stopped playing for a long time. And like I started, I started with the, the old advanced Dungeons and Dragons, like the second, kind of second edition, the really old stuff. Um, so I saw like three come along. I saw OGL get released
And then I just didn't have anyone to play with. So I had stopped playing for a long time. And like I started, I started with the, the old advanced Dungeons and Dragons, like the second, kind of second edition, the really old stuff. Um, so I saw like three come along. I saw OGL get released Uh, and that effect on, you know, role playing and everything like that. And then I, uh, I got back into it when Jacob started talking, but I was like, yeah, I would like to play that again. That would be fun. Yeah, I can even remember that mark fact zero. Yeah, to hit armor class zero
Uh, and that effect on, you know, role playing and everything like that. And then I, uh, I got back into it when Jacob started talking, but I was like, yeah, I would like to play that again. That would be fun. Yeah, I can even remember that mark fact zero. Yeah, to hit armor class zero That is, that is old. No idea on that one to, to, to want to make a comment too. For those who don't know what OGL is, it's called the open gaming license. It is probably one of the best things to happen to any type of game community industry
That is, that is old. No idea on that one to, to, to want to make a comment too. For those who don't know what OGL is, it's called the open gaming license. It is probably one of the best things to happen to any type of game community industry It is basically like, is what allows people to create all that home brew content. Like if you know who critical role is, it's what allowed them to exist. Um, all the like, like other companies that end up, uh, making their own campaigns and settings and all this other stuff
It is basically like, is what allows people to create all that home brew content. Like if you know who critical role is, it's what allowed them to exist. Um, all the like, like other companies that end up, uh, making their own campaigns and settings and all this other stuff It's, it's basically like open source, uh, coding as we know it, right? Open source software. Um, but it's for a game system. So it's very, it's, uh, it's a very cool thing if you, if you, if you look into it. Yes. What is the acronym one more time? OGL open gaming license
It's, it's basically like open source, uh, coding as we know it, right? Open source software. Um, but it's for a game system. So it's very, it's, uh, it's a very cool thing if you, if you, if you look into it. Yes. What is the acronym one more time? OGL open gaming license It's all of the, uh, it's like all the core rules. So like, you know, how to generate a character, what stats, uh, how to roll, how to perform combat, all that kind of stuff. All the core stats are included in OGL. So like all of the actual like flavor content
It's all of the, uh, it's like all the core rules. So like, you know, how to generate a character, what stats, uh, how to roll, how to perform combat, all that kind of stuff. All the core stats are included in OGL. So like all of the actual like flavor content So the world, the, the campaigns, the, the stories, all that kind of stuff is all, you know, that's not covered by OGL. So it's specific to the particular book that you purchased or license you purchased. But yeah, OGL is, um, OGL is free to use. You can create your own content
So the world, the, the campaigns, the, the stories, all that kind of stuff is all, you know, that's not covered by OGL. So it's specific to the particular book that you purchased or license you purchased. But yeah, OGL is, um, OGL is free to use. You can create your own content And you have like a really tried and true game system to build off of instead of like, you know, if you're building your own content, trying to come up with a game system that works and doesn't suck. Yeah, it's, it's pretty awesome
And you have like a really tried and true game system to build off of instead of like, you know, if you're building your own content, trying to come up with a game system that works and doesn't suck. Yeah, it's, it's pretty awesome It's a huge stepping sound to creating your own content like, you don't have to do any of the rules, rules. You just create the world and publish the book and the way you go. So it's awesome
It's a huge stepping sound to creating your own content like, you don't have to do any of the rules, rules. You just create the world and publish the book and the way you go. So it's awesome So it's awesome. I'm trying to read what Chris wrote, which by the way, um, okay, so many thoughts going on at the same time. I'm just taking a few steps back
So it's awesome. I'm trying to read what Chris wrote, which by the way, um, okay, so many thoughts going on at the same time. I'm just taking a few steps back So when we're talking about gaming, there are multiple versions of gaming and different ways of gaming that is some of which we've talked about already some of which we haven't, but there's like, there's like video games that you can do on your phone on like computer on your phone
So when we're talking about gaming, there are multiple versions of gaming and different ways of gaming that is some of which we've talked about already some of which we haven't, but there's like, there's like video games that you can do on your phone on like computer on your phone And then you can see that there's a lot of different systems like Xbox or PlayStation, those type of things within that there's subsets of like areas of gaming like an RPG is role playing, meaning that you are, it's like a story
And then you can see that there's a lot of different systems like Xbox or PlayStation, those type of things within that there's subsets of like areas of gaming like an RPG is role playing, meaning that you are, it's like a story First person shooter, which is like something like Halo, where you can play like more violent games. We're going to go with. And then there's also something called an MMO RPG, which is a multi massive multi online massive multi online massive multi online gaming
First person shooter, which is like something like Halo, where you can play like more violent games. We're going to go with. And then there's also something called an MMO RPG, which is a multi massive multi online massive multi online massive multi online gaming And then you also, so I'm going to put those on pause because I do have a story there. And then you also have like tabletop games and card games. And so is risk considered a tabletop game. Yeah. Table top games would be all games that you play on a table like sorry to any type of board games
And then you also, so I'm going to put those on pause because I do have a story there. And then you also have like tabletop games and card games. And so is risk considered a tabletop game. Yeah. Table top games would be all games that you play on a table like sorry to any type of board games Yeah, it's all tabletop games. Okay. And anything that is a board that you put on a table is a table top game, which is weird because it makes me think about when we talk about like D&D or Dungeons and Dragons
Yeah, it's all tabletop games. Okay. And anything that is a board that you put on a table is a table top game, which is weird because it makes me think about when we talk about like D&D or Dungeons and Dragons And then we're right now we're doing a campaign in the expanse, which I will go through in a bit. By that, I mean, I'm just going to ask Roy to talk about it. It is. Those are considered tabletop and not called board games where board games are technically tabletop games to. Yeah
And then we're right now we're doing a campaign in the expanse, which I will go through in a bit. By that, I mean, I'm just going to ask Roy to talk about it. It is. Those are considered tabletop and not called board games where board games are technically tabletop games to. Yeah Yeah. So how would you define a tabletop game, especially since we're talking about D&D. And then we're going to talk about the tabletop role playing game, TTR PG. Ooh, more acronyms. That is exciting
Yeah. So how would you define a tabletop game, especially since we're talking about D&D. And then we're going to talk about the tabletop role playing game, TTR PG. Ooh, more acronyms. That is exciting That is exciting. And my journey to get to gaming and all of this is I started with video games playing like Crash Bandicoot and IQ cube
That is exciting. And my journey to get to gaming and all of this is I started with video games playing like Crash Bandicoot and IQ cube Mario Brothers and those type of games on the original new Tendo, the PlayStation, the next box is I'm in an on a game on again off a game gamer on again off again gamer until I found World of Warcraft
Mario Brothers and those type of games on the original new Tendo, the PlayStation, the next box is I'm in an on a game on again off a game gamer on again off again gamer until I found World of Warcraft And I became a hard core, wow, which is a mass multi on what is it? You know, I think player online, online, and yes, yes. So I became like a dickhead like I played for two years and like was calling into work and stuff like to raid and a raid
And I became a hard core, wow, which is a mass multi on what is it? You know, I think player online, online, and yes, yes. So I became like a dickhead like I played for two years and like was calling into work and stuff like to raid and a raid And I'm bringing all of this up for a reason is a raid is where it's multiple people playing for a specific outcome at the same time. So everybody working as a group to get an outcome, right? Basically, yeah, it's everyone everyone like on a, on like a mission together and trying to succeed
And I'm bringing all of this up for a reason is a raid is where it's multiple people playing for a specific outcome at the same time. So everybody working as a group to get an outcome, right? Basically, yeah, it's everyone everyone like on a, on like a mission together and trying to succeed Yeah, okay. So these raids would be scheduled at a certain point and you would all have to show up at that same time and I would call into work for it. And that is when I realized I had a really bad addiction to it. And yet it also helps me grow as a human and get out of a bad space in my life
Yeah, okay. So these raids would be scheduled at a certain point and you would all have to show up at that same time and I would call into work for it. And that is when I realized I had a really bad addiction to it. And yet it also helps me grow as a human and get out of a bad space in my life So with that addiction though, I quit cold turkey. I was like, I'm never playing video games again or any games just not going to happen. And I'm glad I finally came back, but that was in 2010
So with that addiction though, I quit cold turkey. I was like, I'm never playing video games again or any games just not going to happen. And I'm glad I finally came back, but that was in 2010 And I didn't play very many video games until the last two years when three years when I had brain surgery in 2020. I started playing video games again because I had nothing else to do. And then I found tabletop games, which is like just the end was my total game changer
And I didn't play very many video games until the last two years when three years when I had brain surgery in 2020. I started playing video games again because I had nothing else to do. And then I found tabletop games, which is like just the end was my total game changer It, it helps me understand and talk to conceptualize tech, but also challenging different sides of myself because it's also like improv and acting and role playing. It's real. Yeah, that's all those. Yes, how would you define role playing then? You take a role and then you play it
It, it helps me understand and talk to conceptualize tech, but also challenging different sides of myself because it's also like improv and acting and role playing. It's real. Yeah, that's all those. Yes, how would you define role playing then? You take a role and then you play it Jake with the most literal literal definition ever like no fun in Jacobs definition just exactly what it is. So are we talking about like a rolling pin? I take a role and I just play with it. A role like RL L. No, no, no, no, I was just taking his literal or definition into role
Jake with the most literal literal definition ever like no fun in Jacobs definition just exactly what it is. So are we talking about like a rolling pin? I take a role and I just play with it. A role like RL L. No, no, no, no, I was just taking his literal or definition into role The role you're playing right now. And it's helped me so much with my job overall and playing well with others because they make me level up in life on everything. So I'm curious. All of this is a big explanation to what is LSRG? Oh, my God. You're welcome
The role you're playing right now. And it's helped me so much with my job overall and playing well with others because they make me level up in life on everything. So I'm curious. All of this is a big explanation to what is LSRG? Oh, my God. You're welcome You're welcome. You're welcome for that really big build up. So, all right. So, OSRG is a community that I started
You're welcome. You're welcome for that really big build up. So, all right. So, OSRG is a community that I started It actually was kind of a spin off from Kensey Dodges discord server where I saw some people doing some like kind of like crowd sourcing of like working on open source projects together. And I was like, hey, I have an idea. So I'm a huge fan
It actually was kind of a spin off from Kensey Dodges discord server where I saw some people doing some like kind of like crowd sourcing of like working on open source projects together. And I was like, hey, I have an idea. So I'm a huge fan So I'm a huge fan. I have like written articles in the past and done a lot of research on gamification, crowd sourcing and stuff like that. And I'd heard about mock programming when I first started coding
So I'm a huge fan. I have like written articles in the past and done a lot of research on gamification, crowd sourcing and stuff like that. And I'd heard about mock programming when I first started coding And so this whole community is like core principles for basically we were going to go using crowd sourcing of what I was doing. And I was like, hey, I'm a crowd sourcing of essentially a bunch of developers and archive and whatnot
And so this whole community is like core principles for basically we were going to go using crowd sourcing of what I was doing. And I was like, hey, I'm a crowd sourcing of essentially a bunch of developers and archive and whatnot We're going to go and find open source projects to raid, right? Because this is the gamified aspect is we were to start creating a game system, right? Like how D&D has rules, we were going to create a game system has has rules that has stats and all kinds of other stuff
We're going to go and find open source projects to raid, right? Because this is the gamified aspect is we were to start creating a game system, right? Like how D&D has rules, we were going to create a game system has has rules that has stats and all kinds of other stuff And we would basically mob program together massive problem domains that were very simple. A big problem domain that is very simple would be something like refactor all your tests from enzyme to react testing library
And we would basically mob program together massive problem domains that were very simple. A big problem domain that is very simple would be something like refactor all your tests from enzyme to react testing library That was like the big one that we were doing at the time or JavaScript type script was another one that we can do. And we'd find projects where it was like maybe like a handful of of maintainers with a big popular project or even a medium sized project that's still very popular or heavily used
That was like the big one that we were doing at the time or JavaScript type script was another one that we can do. And we'd find projects where it was like maybe like a handful of of maintainers with a big popular project or even a medium sized project that's still very popular or heavily used And they're just drowning in issues, right? But they have like these like big tech debts that hurtles the thing to get through. One of our biggest ones is still to this days, bit of like a magnus office to this idea that like it can work, it could work, it did work
And they're just drowning in issues, right? But they have like these like big tech debts that hurtles the thing to get through. One of our biggest ones is still to this days, bit of like a magnus office to this idea that like it can work, it could work, it did work And that is hospital run where they had thousands of tests, hundreds of files. They had one maintainer assigned to convert it all to enzyme update all the tests and make sure that they're all passing that one maintainer they projected like was going to take like a year or so maybe more
And that is hospital run where they had thousands of tests, hundreds of files. They had one maintainer assigned to convert it all to enzyme update all the tests and make sure that they're all passing that one maintainer they projected like was going to take like a year or so maybe more They were they were definitely drowning and we came in and at any given point there was like five or 10 people live sharing like a VS code instance while we're all coding like in the same file or Jason files
They were they were definitely drowning and we came in and at any given point there was like five or 10 people live sharing like a VS code instance while we're all coding like in the same file or Jason files And we would just be kind of on a call like we are now, but it'd be like you know five to 10 people at a time, a total of 27 I think contributors and it took only 30 days to do the entire thing. Wow. That's actually really cool. I never knew that's how OSRG came about
And we would just be kind of on a call like we are now, but it'd be like you know five to 10 people at a time, a total of 27 I think contributors and it took only 30 days to do the entire thing. Wow. That's actually really cool. I never knew that's how OSRG came about Yeah, yeah, I used to talk about it a lot. The origins like like like over a year ago, but I stopped recently because it's it's still a learner community, which is what I wanted to be. It's still a developer community, which I wanted to be, but it's also evolved a bit into like a gaming community
Yeah, yeah, I used to talk about it a lot. The origins like like like over a year ago, but I stopped recently because it's it's still a learner community, which is what I wanted to be. It's still a developer community, which I wanted to be, but it's also evolved a bit into like a gaming community And it you know it could still be all those things and eventually maybe you know what it was before, but no no rush here. The community itself is is and as Jed knows, I'm very much like a huge fan of bringing people in and letting them kind of build out their communities
And it you know it could still be all those things and eventually maybe you know what it was before, but no no rush here. The community itself is is and as Jed knows, I'm very much like a huge fan of bringing people in and letting them kind of build out their communities Actually, DO was one of like the he was very interested in the concept as well early on and had like hung out in our discord, but eventually he created his own company discord and then eventually created his own personal discord for streaming and stuff
Actually, DO was one of like the he was very interested in the concept as well early on and had like hung out in our discord, but eventually he created his own company discord and then eventually created his own personal discord for streaming and stuff I'm perfectly okay being a launching pad community for other streamers and other other people making really cool stuff. So you know, at some point of gender sides, I'm going to go create my own discord to support that 100%
I'm perfectly okay being a launching pad community for other streamers and other other people making really cool stuff. So you know, at some point of gender sides, I'm going to go create my own discord to support that 100% You know, if Roy's like, I'm not going to create my own community somewhere, it'll support that 100%. I don't even stream on my own channel. It's not going to be, it'll not be streaming Roy for all I know is going to end up creating like the next like, you know, breakthrough technology
You know, if Roy's like, I'm not going to create my own community somewhere, it'll support that 100%. I don't even stream on my own channel. It's not going to be, it'll not be streaming Roy for all I know is going to end up creating like the next like, you know, breakthrough technology I don't know. Yeah, I, we never know. And so like the best thing you can do for people in a community like that is just support each other. And that's that's really what it's there for. And that's a, oh, yes, I agree with that
I don't know. Yeah, I, we never know. And so like the best thing you can do for people in a community like that is just support each other. And that's that's really what it's there for. And that's a, oh, yes, I agree with that Jasmine, there, there's something really cool about the community in the fact that it's y'all who got me started and kept me going of my learning and also building out my communities
Jasmine, there, there's something really cool about the community in the fact that it's y'all who got me started and kept me going of my learning and also building out my communities And this is something that I really, I wish I could explain in like tell people more about is there is a lot of, there's a lot of tech bros out there in the world. Oh shit ton of tech bros
And this is something that I really, I wish I could explain in like tell people more about is there is a lot of, there's a lot of tech bros out there in the world. Oh shit ton of tech bros And by tech bros, I mean, at least my linko is like, no figures that yeah and art condescending and especially to women or diversity and it's really hard to break into tech and especially when you deal with them nonstop
And by tech bros, I mean, at least my linko is like, no figures that yeah and art condescending and especially to women or diversity and it's really hard to break into tech and especially when you deal with them nonstop And having these two around of Ryan Jacob and being an OSRG gives me a hope of seeing that there's supportive dudes out there in the world that want to see others succeed and build them up instead of just doing it for their own benefit
And having these two around of Ryan Jacob and being an OSRG gives me a hope of seeing that there's supportive dudes out there in the world that want to see others succeed and build them up instead of just doing it for their own benefit And that's something that I don't think it's talked about enough and a big reason that I wanted to join the community because when I was talking about starting my own discord, they were like, yo, who's going to moderate it? How are you going to moderate it? How are you going to do all of this
And that's something that I don't think it's talked about enough and a big reason that I wanted to join the community because when I was talking about starting my own discord, they were like, yo, who's going to moderate it? How are you going to moderate it? How are you going to do all of this How are you going to think that through? Which doesn't always happen
How are you going to think that through? Which doesn't always happen I kind of shoot from the hip and then they tell me to maybe think this through a few steps and part of being in that community is a, Roy, you started talking about building a keyboard. This is really cool. Tell us more
I kind of shoot from the hip and then they tell me to maybe think this through a few steps and part of being in that community is a, Roy, you started talking about building a keyboard. This is really cool. Tell us more Tell us more. Yeah, I mean, it's just one of my hobbies, let me show you the one I'm using right now that I just recently finished
Tell us more. Yeah, I mean, it's just one of my hobbies, let me show you the one I'm using right now that I just recently finished Not the best camera for it, but yeah, it's basically when you look at doing like custom keyboards, you're basically choosing the different parts, you're choosing like the keyboard case itself, which know a lot of these are like their custom ones. No, it's not a new fee. This is a TGR Tomo
Not the best camera for it, but yeah, it's basically when you look at doing like custom keyboards, you're basically choosing the different parts, you're choosing like the keyboard case itself, which know a lot of these are like their custom ones. No, it's not a new fee. This is a TGR Tomo This is a TGR Tomo. So it's a CNC to aluminum case. Like you can even see like this one isn't the best on the back. If I had my mammoth, come on camera, just like a silver back with like a, yeah, the stuff is like cutting it out
This is a TGR Tomo. So it's a CNC to aluminum case. Like you can even see like this one isn't the best on the back. If I had my mammoth, come on camera, just like a silver back with like a, yeah, the stuff is like cutting it out My man has this beautiful, I'll check it's I can share a link to the actual keyboard, but my man has 75 has this like beautiful stainless steel back with this like slightly 3D gold elephant on it's it's absolutely gorgeous on the back, but yeah, you pick your case, you pick your switches, you pick your keycaps
My man has this beautiful, I'll check it's I can share a link to the actual keyboard, but my man has 75 has this like beautiful stainless steel back with this like slightly 3D gold elephant on it's it's absolutely gorgeous on the back, but yeah, you pick your case, you pick your switches, you pick your keycaps And then you usually like modify the switches so like I use tactile switches and I'll you open them up and you loop them, you know sometimes do film, which is like a gas could be between the top and the bottom to change the feel on the sound
And then you usually like modify the switches so like I use tactile switches and I'll you open them up and you loop them, you know sometimes do film, which is like a gas could be between the top and the bottom to change the feel on the sound And then sometimes even do like a swap the springs to make the switch stiffer lighter to use. And then you assemble it all together and have a keyboard that that really suits like what you what you like how in terms of feel in terms of look in terms of sound. You can probably hear this
And then sometimes even do like a swap the springs to make the switch stiffer lighter to use. And then you assemble it all together and have a keyboard that that really suits like what you what you like how in terms of feel in terms of look in terms of sound. You can probably hear this I don't know how well that's coming through, but like it's it's all custom loop. So it has this nice smooth sound to it. There's no scratchiness or like spring ping that you can get from other keyboards
I don't know how well that's coming through, but like it's it's all custom loop. So it has this nice smooth sound to it. There's no scratchiness or like spring ping that you can get from other keyboards So I got to have five five right now custom keyboards and kind of switch between them, depending on what I want to feel and what I want to look like and stuff like that. That's pretty dope. I, I will say that is something that I think is so cool. And then I'm like, oh, yeah
So I got to have five five right now custom keyboards and kind of switch between them, depending on what I want to feel and what I want to look like and stuff like that. That's pretty dope. I, I will say that is something that I think is so cool. And then I'm like, oh, yeah And then I can hear a type. And then even if I get a keyboard that is for myself and no one's around, I'm like, I can hear a type. And for other people, it's so calming. And I love that
And then I can hear a type. And then even if I get a keyboard that is for myself and no one's around, I'm like, I can hear a type. And for other people, it's so calming. And I love that And I love that. And now something that I realize and asking about the keyboard stuff because it started quite the conversation in the discord of awkward segue from me is what is it like working with newbies on any of this tech or gaming stuff. I like it. It's for me. It's, it's fine
And I love that. And now something that I realize and asking about the keyboard stuff because it started quite the conversation in the discord of awkward segue from me is what is it like working with newbies on any of this tech or gaming stuff. I like it. It's for me. It's, it's fine It's, it's fine. I don't mind helping people out. I don't mind talking through it and teaching people. I think that's different for everyone. Like there's some people that are better suited to that. And some people that should probably never talk to someone who's new because it's not good
It's, it's fine. I don't mind helping people out. I don't mind talking through it and teaching people. I think that's different for everyone. Like there's some people that are better suited to that. And some people that should probably never talk to someone who's new because it's not good It's not their personality. You know, so like don't keep them away from the new people and keep them in the closet in the back and just doing the hard work. And there's people all in between that to different levels. So I think it's, you know, it's finding finding what works for you
It's not their personality. You know, so like don't keep them away from the new people and keep them in the closet in the back and just doing the hard work. And there's people all in between that to different levels. So I think it's, you know, it's finding finding what works for you And if it's not your strength, like don't do it. Don't talk to people who are new, go help other people. I love Theo, but I can't imagine Theo teaching new people. Not his jam. He would probably lose his mind pretty quickly. But so down and talk about like more advanced topics and he would be fine
And if it's not your strength, like don't do it. Don't talk to people who are new, go help other people. I love Theo, but I can't imagine Theo teaching new people. Not his jam. He would probably lose his mind pretty quickly. But so down and talk about like more advanced topics and he would be fine So. Yeah, he doesn't like when I ask questions during code and life that are fundamental questions, not advanced questions. It's really me. So I find working with people that are new to anything, right? D&D networking, soft skills, which is still poorly named
So. Yeah, he doesn't like when I ask questions during code and life that are fundamental questions, not advanced questions. It's really me. So I find working with people that are new to anything, right? D&D networking, soft skills, which is still poorly named We need to find better name for that as a, as a, as just as a culture. Human skills. I feel like soft skills, your human skills compared to technical skills. Human skills is. Yeah, that's, yeah, I like that. But I'm the overall. Just like teaching and working with people who are new to something
We need to find better name for that as a, as a, as just as a culture. Human skills. I feel like soft skills, your human skills compared to technical skills. Human skills is. Yeah, that's, yeah, I like that. But I'm the overall. Just like teaching and working with people who are new to something First off, I have like a. I have a, a fondness for the, the fine men technique when it comes to, to teaching people, which is basically just a concept of like a principle. Like you are. If you are unable to explain it to a five year old, you don't know it well enough to explain it. All right
First off, I have like a. I have a, a fondness for the, the fine men technique when it comes to, to teaching people, which is basically just a concept of like a principle. Like you are. If you are unable to explain it to a five year old, you don't know it well enough to explain it. All right All right. And, or teachers, this is the other way of putting it
All right. And, or teachers, this is the other way of putting it But the, the idea there is, is you have to have such a fundamental understanding or something that you can create analogies and metaphors and these like ways of connecting the information to how the person is thinking about something or how that they personally think about things like maybe they have things that they can relate it to
But the, the idea there is, is you have to have such a fundamental understanding or something that you can create analogies and metaphors and these like ways of connecting the information to how the person is thinking about something or how that they personally think about things like maybe they have things that they can relate it to And you can try to create some sort of analogous situation to their knowledge that they already have, which fast tracks them to, to fully understanding this thing as it is
And you can try to create some sort of analogous situation to their knowledge that they already have, which fast tracks them to, to fully understanding this thing as it is That is a skill as part of being not just knowledgeable, but charismatic in your knowledge, IE wise and to, you have to practice wisdom wisdom doesn't just grow out of a tree or come at your ass. So you have to practice it
That is a skill as part of being not just knowledgeable, but charismatic in your knowledge, IE wise and to, you have to practice wisdom wisdom doesn't just grow out of a tree or come at your ass. So you have to practice it And so like working with people who are new all the time is something that I think fortifies and builds those skills themselves for yourself. And I follow a question on that one of, I know that, I love driving you to insane of, I don't know what I'm doing
And so like working with people who are new all the time is something that I think fortifies and builds those skills themselves for yourself. And I follow a question on that one of, I know that, I love driving you to insane of, I don't know what I'm doing I'm going to try doing this thing because I think I know what I'm doing and I think I can figure it out. If not, can I like try to like how do I say what I need to Google it and give you enough information to be able to answer my question of what I tried to do
I'm going to try doing this thing because I think I know what I'm doing and I think I can figure it out. If not, can I like try to like how do I say what I need to Google it and give you enough information to be able to answer my question of what I tried to do How do you suggest people do that of or as Jason asked any tips for newbies approaching elders. Yeah, don't call them elders. Well, it's all they are like it's probably okay to call me an elder because I'm not older than a child. No, the joke joking aside though
How do you suggest people do that of or as Jason asked any tips for newbies approaching elders. Yeah, don't call them elders. Well, it's all they are like it's probably okay to call me an elder because I'm not older than a child. No, the joke joking aside though The first things first is there's lots of content out there that's that's not just tech related, but there are a lot of tech people have created this as well. Things like don't ask to ask right that's that's a big one. There's a lot of content around that. How to create an email for a busy person
The first things first is there's lots of content out there that's that's not just tech related, but there are a lot of tech people have created this as well. Things like don't ask to ask right that's that's a big one. There's a lot of content around that. How to create an email for a busy person If you go look at syntax FM the podcast they actually have like a episodes on both of these topics. Right. Those two things will actually get you really far if you go learn how to email or DM somebody who's busy and you also learn how to ask a question
If you go look at syntax FM the podcast they actually have like a episodes on both of these topics. Right. Those two things will actually get you really far if you go learn how to email or DM somebody who's busy and you also learn how to ask a question Yeah, and you're like learn how to ask questions. You just asked a question. No. No, not at all. No, if you come and ask me like, hey, I have a question. Do you have time? I'm gonna go like, nope. I don't have time. If you come to me, you're like, hey, I have a question about this
Yeah, and you're like learn how to ask questions. You just asked a question. No. No, not at all. No, if you come and ask me like, hey, I have a question. Do you have time? I'm gonna go like, nope. I don't have time. If you come to me, you're like, hey, I have a question about this This is what I did. This is the context behind it. These are this is the research that I did. If you come to me with that already. I'm gonna be like, yeah, let me help you out. Yep, it took spend on that. Like what what Jacob's talking about is don't come with a super vague open any questions
This is what I did. This is the context behind it. These are this is the research that I did. If you come to me with that already. I'm gonna be like, yeah, let me help you out. Yep, it took spend on that. Like what what Jacob's talking about is don't come with a super vague open any questions So there's obviously like the like literally don't say, hey, is it okay if I ask a question
So there's obviously like the like literally don't say, hey, is it okay if I ask a question Like that's the bare minimum, but even beyond that, it's like don't be like don't come to us and be like, hey, do you mind if I talk about off with you? Because that's open and are you talking about clerk in specific is obviously we both work clerk are you talking about off in general
Like that's the bare minimum, but even beyond that, it's like don't be like don't come to us and be like, hey, do you mind if I talk about off with you? Because that's open and are you talking about clerk in specific is obviously we both work clerk are you talking about off in general Are you talking about O auth? Are you talking about password email off? Are you talking about sameloth? And that's just like the tip of the iceberg
Are you talking about O auth? Are you talking about password email off? Are you talking about sameloth? And that's just like the tip of the iceberg Are you talking about off and how it applies to to like user management organizations roles like that question. Hey, do you mind if I talk about off? It's that it's if you've ever seen and mostly probably have the the whole picture of the iceberg
Are you talking about off and how it applies to to like user management organizations roles like that question. Hey, do you mind if I talk about off? It's that it's if you've ever seen and mostly probably have the the whole picture of the iceberg How there's that little tip of the iceberg above the water and then the bulk of it below the water. You're asking about that little tip and the answer could be anything that's below and like that's a huge hard question to ask because one
How there's that little tip of the iceberg above the water and then the bulk of it below the water. You're asking about that little tip and the answer could be anything that's below and like that's a huge hard question to ask because one We don't know what you're asking and two, we don't know how long we're going to take answering your questions. So we're going to be hesitant to say, yeah, sure, because we don't know if that's a five minute conversation or a five hour conversation
We don't know what you're asking and two, we don't know how long we're going to take answering your questions. So we're going to be hesitant to say, yeah, sure, because we don't know if that's a five minute conversation or a five hour conversation We don't even know if we actually have the right off information to give you because maybe you're asking about something that's outside of our field of expertise or the product that we offer or whatever the case is
We don't even know if we actually have the right off information to give you because maybe you're asking about something that's outside of our field of expertise or the product that we offer or whatever the case is So having a more specific question like, hey, I have some questions about OAuth and how to set it up or whatever like that frames the conversation ahead of time and then the person that you're asking knows one
So having a more specific question like, hey, I have some questions about OAuth and how to set it up or whatever like that frames the conversation ahead of time and then the person that you're asking knows one Do I have the the knowledge to help you and two, they have a rough idea of what that help could entail and what they're committing to by answering your question. So you're putting that person in a better spot
Do I have the the knowledge to help you and two, they have a rough idea of what that help could entail and what they're committing to by answering your question. So you're putting that person in a better spot And that's kind of what Jake was referring to as well with like, how do you email busy people. It's the same idea like when you send emails that are super open ended and don't have information in them
And that's kind of what Jake was referring to as well with like, how do you email busy people. It's the same idea like when you send emails that are super open ended and don't have information in them The person in the other end is like, why do I want to respond to this? I don't know what I'm getting into. I don't know how much time and effort I need to answer these questions
The person in the other end is like, why do I want to respond to this? I don't know what I'm getting into. I don't know how much time and effort I need to answer these questions When you send an email that has specific questions, then that person can evaluate that email and answer those questions or if you know the tube is your whatever they can obviously say no, but you're much more likely to get a response when you have those specific questions
When you send an email that has specific questions, then that person can evaluate that email and answer those questions or if you know the tube is your whatever they can obviously say no, but you're much more likely to get a response when you have those specific questions The other thing that I'll add to this and this comes from this comes from my work as like developer success where I'm talking with developers that are using cloaks, cloaks product all the time every day
The other thing that I'll add to this and this comes from this comes from my work as like developer success where I'm talking with developers that are using cloaks, cloaks product all the time every day We're going to ask questions back and when we do answer them and answer them specifically as you can don't we don't want stories or a lot of information just give us that answer
We're going to ask questions back and when we do answer them and answer them specifically as you can don't we don't want stories or a lot of information just give us that answer And the reason I say that is because we're usually asking those questions to like narrow down the answer or the information we need to give you or the suggestion we need to give you
And the reason I say that is because we're usually asking those questions to like narrow down the answer or the information we need to give you or the suggestion we need to give you And if you don't answer our questions, it's super frustrating because we're like we're trying to help you and you're not meeting us in the middle by answering those questions. So if you're if you're approaching someone for help and they ask you something, definitely answer that question
And if you don't answer our questions, it's super frustrating because we're like we're trying to help you and you're not meeting us in the middle by answering those questions. So if you're if you're approaching someone for help and they ask you something, definitely answer that question Definitely meet them in the middle
Definitely meet them in the middle And something that I do really want to call out and you two have been great at it and something that I see a lot of from people that are joining the tech field any field in general, but specifically the tech field is something that I've heard quite a bit is oh go find yourself a mentor
And something that I do really want to call out and you two have been great at it and something that I see a lot of from people that are joining the tech field any field in general, but specifically the tech field is something that I've heard quite a bit is oh go find yourself a mentor Trying to find a mentor a is really difficult because if you just ask somebody hey, will you be my mentor
Trying to find a mentor a is really difficult because if you just ask somebody hey, will you be my mentor They're going to probably say no because they don't know you and that's a lot of work and effort and follow up and it's definitely something that you can have mentors without calling them your mentor of people that you can ask questions and have a dialogue with and also having asking
They're going to probably say no because they don't know you and that's a lot of work and effort and follow up and it's definitely something that you can have mentors without calling them your mentor of people that you can ask questions and have a dialogue with and also having asking And asking in return if you can follow up with them as the process is going instead of saying hey can I like talk to you once a month for the next year and a half for me to get through this project
And asking in return if you can follow up with them as the process is going instead of saying hey can I like talk to you once a month for the next year and a half for me to get through this project If somebody asked me that I would straight up say no, I would just be like no go away go buzz off where if we're saying
If somebody asked me that I would straight up say no, I would just be like no go away go buzz off where if we're saying Roy called me out on the fact that I keep trying to work on all my websites and I am doing a million things and asking different people to try to get it figured out that both Jacob and Roy and our expanse team was like
Roy called me out on the fact that I keep trying to work on all my websites and I am doing a million things and asking different people to try to get it figured out that both Jacob and Roy and our expanse team was like Jenny kind of need to stick with one person and stop trying to ask everybody for help because you're just making it worse for yourself
Jenny kind of need to stick with one person and stop trying to ask everybody for help because you're just making it worse for yourself Not specifically one person to jump in but more like one lane like don't go to like a next expert and ask questions and then an astro and then a solid and then a svelte and then a view and then a PHP and then back to next and then back to PHP and then to view. And then for some reason, Kafka
Not specifically one person to jump in but more like one lane like don't go to like a next expert and ask questions and then an astro and then a solid and then a svelte and then a view and then a PHP and then back to next and then back to PHP and then to view. And then for some reason, Kafka Kafka. I don't even know how you would fit that in there but sure yeah 100% you know like like right. I do so and I bring these up because I
Kafka. I don't even know how you would fit that in there but sure yeah 100% you know like like right. I do so and I bring these up because I There was a lot of growing pains for myself and I feel very fortunate in with these two specifically because they I've currently been stuck on one thing that I'm working on of understanding a specific part because Roy was like I'm not helping you until you get past this point and you have to understand it, which is really helpful because I know that I need to understand it to be able to not just
There was a lot of growing pains for myself and I feel very fortunate in with these two specifically because they I've currently been stuck on one thing that I'm working on of understanding a specific part because Roy was like I'm not helping you until you get past this point and you have to understand it, which is really helpful because I know that I need to understand it to be able to not just Make something work but understand why it works and it can be hard as somebody that has worked with others and talk to newbies about other topics it's hard to not to not want to fix something for them and just give them the answer and it can take a lot of time for somebody be like oh
Make something work but understand why it works and it can be hard as somebody that has worked with others and talk to newbies about other topics it's hard to not to not want to fix something for them and just give them the answer and it can take a lot of time for somebody be like oh You got to go figure that out yourself but i'm here when you get to that point and that's why it's I wanted to ask about how people ask questions because that's where it all starts and
You got to go figure that out yourself but i'm here when you get to that point and that's why it's I wanted to ask about how people ask questions because that's where it all starts and It's having community is such a big part of that because asking one person all the time which i'm pretty sure Theo's talked about this before of. I like to pick on the oh if you DM him every single day asking him the same thing and asking him for help he will probably just. Yellow you
It's having community is such a big part of that because asking one person all the time which i'm pretty sure Theo's talked about this before of. I like to pick on the oh if you DM him every single day asking him the same thing and asking him for help he will probably just. Yellow you Yellow you. I think he would probably ignore you but yeah and
Yellow you. I think he would probably ignore you but yeah and Where is if like i've messaged him when I first started and I was like hey what do you use for x and I think I was asking him about a micro camera or something and that's going to get a response because it's a very short yes or no answer where hey Josh your perfect reference for this where somebody that there was a win win of i'm learning typescript i was
Where is if like i've messaged him when I first started and I was like hey what do you use for x and I think I was asking him about a micro camera or something and that's going to get a response because it's a very short yes or no answer where hey Josh your perfect reference for this where somebody that there was a win win of i'm learning typescript i was I was just have been using josh's book learning typescript and josh was coming on the stream once a week so we could learn together that was very synergistic instead of just like take take take take take. Oh yeah you got the book
I was just have been using josh's book learning typescript and josh was coming on the stream once a week so we could learn together that was very synergistic instead of just like take take take take take. Oh yeah you got the book It's another thing that i've been stuck on is I really need to learn about classes and I will get there. And this is also why Kafka just randomly shows up in the conversations because I also have to learn the company I work for and then I just randomly throw things. At all of you it's really fun
It's another thing that i've been stuck on is I really need to learn about classes and I will get there. And this is also why Kafka just randomly shows up in the conversations because I also have to learn the company I work for and then I just randomly throw things. At all of you it's really fun I want to go. Go ahead. I'll take it up now i'll take it up now you're passing so the thing that I wanted to say is this is going back to the mentor stuff and I've been. Talking about this for years now. One one thing is is like I tell people you can have role models
I want to go. Go ahead. I'll take it up now i'll take it up now you're passing so the thing that I wanted to say is this is going back to the mentor stuff and I've been. Talking about this for years now. One one thing is is like I tell people you can have role models That you can interact with you can talk to you can follow how they do things without asking them to be your mentor. So what Jen has been describing to you about like like reaching like reaching out to certain people and building these relationships and getting help from them
That you can interact with you can talk to you can follow how they do things without asking them to be your mentor. So what Jen has been describing to you about like like reaching like reaching out to certain people and building these relationships and getting help from them That's just that's just networking and that is that is also a key part of that is your networking for a like a support network right so like you have a network of people who will support you. When you need it I reach out to a friend the other day because I don't know remix all that well
That's just that's just networking and that is that is also a key part of that is your networking for a like a support network right so like you have a network of people who will support you. When you need it I reach out to a friend the other day because I don't know remix all that well But I know that maple leaf is one of the best remix individuals out there and I was like hey can you make sure that my remix doesn't suck you know I'm going to make it a this reproduction. They were super happy to help and you know like I know
But I know that maple leaf is one of the best remix individuals out there and I was like hey can you make sure that my remix doesn't suck you know I'm going to make it a this reproduction. They were super happy to help and you know like I know I know that there's a lot of people that I can reach out to do that with. And that that takes a place of so the role model and your support network takes place of this like mentor that people usually think about. And when they're thinking of mentorship
I know that there's a lot of people that I can reach out to do that with. And that that takes a place of so the role model and your support network takes place of this like mentor that people usually think about. And when they're thinking of mentorship When I talk about mentorship I'm actually usually referring to something more along the lines of somebody who's actually like more sponsoring you like a sponsorship. And that's what I think is that they are investing time energy resources even potentially money their own network right
When I talk about mentorship I'm actually usually referring to something more along the lines of somebody who's actually like more sponsoring you like a sponsorship. And that's what I think is that they are investing time energy resources even potentially money their own network right They're putting their neck out there for you in some cases maybe giving you referrals or a vouching for you directly to to to hire up. These types of things those are what I think that when I say mentorship and it's more of a sponsorship now
They're putting their neck out there for you in some cases maybe giving you referrals or a vouching for you directly to to to hire up. These types of things those are what I think that when I say mentorship and it's more of a sponsorship now I think that's the stuff that I provide for people that I think not only are you know. Reaching out and asking me for mentorship I'm not going to do that I'm going to basically give you the like here's what you actually need you need a community right
I think that's the stuff that I provide for people that I think not only are you know. Reaching out and asking me for mentorship I'm not going to do that I'm going to basically give you the like here's what you actually need you need a community right There's just some people as as you build that relationship with them that that type of mentorship that kind of sponsorship just happens it birth it's like a burgeoning part of that that that network
There's just some people as as you build that relationship with them that that type of mentorship that kind of sponsorship just happens it birth it's like a burgeoning part of that that that network So like for instance with Jen I have spent a lot of time helping Jen what I do that for literally anyone out there. No, no. That that's something that happened through the networking and through building that that relationship. So when people talk about like networking is really important
So like for instance with Jen I have spent a lot of time helping Jen what I do that for literally anyone out there. No, no. That that's something that happened through the networking and through building that that relationship. So when people talk about like networking is really important It's because it leads to that mentorship that you probably are thinking of that you're like this is what I want from my mentorship but you're DMing them on Twitter. That's not going to get you what you want. That's you have to go about this it's kind of a long game
It's because it leads to that mentorship that you probably are thinking of that you're like this is what I want from my mentorship but you're DMing them on Twitter. That's not going to get you what you want. That's you have to go about this it's kind of a long game So that's that's my take on the mentor stuff. Yep, I want to I was going to speak on that as well and it echoes a lot of what Jacob said. And Jacobs heard me say this he doesn't agree but it's still true. Jacob is definitely a mentor to me. You can see him shaking his head doesn't make us true
So that's that's my take on the mentor stuff. Yep, I want to I was going to speak on that as well and it echoes a lot of what Jacob said. And Jacobs heard me say this he doesn't agree but it's still true. Jacob is definitely a mentor to me. You can see him shaking his head doesn't make us true And the reason I say that and I've never once gone to Jacob and said hey can you be my mentor and he's never once said yes or no. And if anyone comes to me or I think anyone really says hey can you be my mentor. For the most part you're going to say no because the people who do that
And the reason I say that and I've never once gone to Jacob and said hey can you be my mentor and he's never once said yes or no. And if anyone comes to me or I think anyone really says hey can you be my mentor. For the most part you're going to say no because the people who do that Probably don't know you the people are coming and saying hey can you be my mentor like you've probably barely interacted with them. Or never interacted with them you know I've had people do that I'm like I don't even know who you like how do I even know you
Probably don't know you the people are coming and saying hey can you be my mentor like you've probably barely interacted with them. Or never interacted with them you know I've had people do that I'm like I don't even know who you like how do I even know you Like you're DMing me on discord and like I've got a check and see what server they're on. How they found me and like oh you saw me on like the tailwind server and I haven't posted there in three months. Why are you DMing me what is happening right now
Like you're DMing me on discord and like I've got a check and see what server they're on. How they found me and like oh you saw me on like the tailwind server and I haven't posted there in three months. Why are you DMing me what is happening right now Like that's not a way to get a mentor and even if someone says yes they're not actually going to help you in a significant way because they don't know you
Like that's not a way to get a mentor and even if someone says yes they're not actually going to help you in a significant way because they don't know you You think the approaches that that I've taken and I think that helps people is like be part of the community that you that shares kind of your beliefs and your goals
You think the approaches that that I've taken and I think that helps people is like be part of the community that you that shares kind of your beliefs and your goals So I started to hang out with Jacobs Twitter spaces and I liked a lot of the content that was being discussed and then I started coming up and speaking. And that's how Jacob and Theo and other people got to know me
So I started to hang out with Jacobs Twitter spaces and I liked a lot of the content that was being discussed and then I started coming up and speaking. And that's how Jacob and Theo and other people got to know me The key there is that like I wasn't messaging Theo I was a messaging Jacob and asking them for a bunch of help. I was speaking in Twitter spaces having conversations with with them and other people and they got to know me that way
The key there is that like I wasn't messaging Theo I was a messaging Jacob and asking them for a bunch of help. I was speaking in Twitter spaces having conversations with with them and other people and they got to know me that way And then when I did ask any question specific to them they knew who I was which is huge they interacted with me and like it was more than just like yes I've seen his name there they've actually like they can you don't think of my voice. So they remember type of conversations whatever the case is
And then when I did ask any question specific to them they knew who I was which is huge they interacted with me and like it was more than just like yes I've seen his name there they've actually like they can you don't think of my voice. So they remember type of conversations whatever the case is But more importantly they know like they have a rough idea of what my abilities and skill are and they know how I think and how I you know how I like carry myself in terms of like interacting with the community
But more importantly they know like they have a rough idea of what my abilities and skill are and they know how I think and how I you know how I like carry myself in terms of like interacting with the community And it makes it much easier to make a choice like is this guy a dick no I don't want to help them or is this guy always just like asking questions and never providing information or like does he ask questions and ignore the answers
And it makes it much easier to make a choice like is this guy a dick no I don't want to help them or is this guy always just like asking questions and never providing information or like does he ask questions and ignore the answers Things like that that would you know if I'd done that Jacob and Theo would have like ignored me they would have just been this guy's a dick don't care about him. And that lets you become like part of that community and kind of develop that mentorship mentee relationship very organically
Things like that that would you know if I'd done that Jacob and Theo would have like ignored me they would have just been this guy's a dick don't care about him. And that lets you become like part of that community and kind of develop that mentorship mentee relationship very organically And it just ends up kind of happening and then when you when you need help there they are to like refer you to a company Theo referred me for the job here at clerk and he happily did that
And it just ends up kind of happening and then when you when you need help there they are to like refer you to a company Theo referred me for the job here at clerk and he happily did that And I'm pretty positive he would happily do it again without without even thinking because you've proven your kind of like value in that community and that lets someone like Theo or Jacob trust you they know who you are and what you know so if they were if they're referring you to a job they know what you bring to the table they can speak about what you bring to the table
And I'm pretty positive he would happily do it again without without even thinking because you've proven your kind of like value in that community and that lets someone like Theo or Jacob trust you they know who you are and what you know so if they were if they're referring you to a job they know what you bring to the table they can speak about what you bring to the table But more importantly they have trust that you're not an idiot or an asshole who's going to like get the job and then up embarrassing you know Jacob referred me to a job and I started working there
But more importantly they have trust that you're not an idiot or an asshole who's going to like get the job and then up embarrassing you know Jacob referred me to a job and I started working there And three weeks later the company owner is DMing him and being like Jacob who is this guy you sent me like he doesn't do any work he insults other people he made someone cry the other day you know like he doesn't listen to any feedback like why did you send this guy to me and Jacob is like I don't know he asked for a job so I helped him
And three weeks later the company owner is DMing him and being like Jacob who is this guy you sent me like he doesn't do any work he insults other people he made someone cry the other day you know like he doesn't listen to any feedback like why did you send this guy to me and Jacob is like I don't know he asked for a job so I helped him Like Jacob does want to be in that position. You know and you want to be successful so you want to create that relationship where you can be successful
Like Jacob does want to be in that position. You know and you want to be successful so you want to create that relationship where you can be successful And yes Alex slash bumpy lumps 100% this is different than like what a company might do where like going to create there's going to be like an artificial creation of that mentorship
And yes Alex slash bumpy lumps 100% this is different than like what a company might do where like going to create there's going to be like an artificial creation of that mentorship Really quick I do want to call out the first one to you because there because these do go hand in hand together of a big part of what people. What unexpected the unexpected asked like what do you think I should do to make money well on the side with coding well that's very broad in general
Really quick I do want to call out the first one to you because there because these do go hand in hand together of a big part of what people. What unexpected the unexpected asked like what do you think I should do to make money well on the side with coding well that's very broad in general But if you're learning to code and you're like well how am I going to join a community and show my value or how am I going to you know be in the room with people in the with the jobs that I want to have someday or learn about all these jobs or see what's out there
But if you're learning to code and you're like well how am I going to join a community and show my value or how am I going to you know be in the room with people in the with the jobs that I want to have someday or learn about all these jobs or see what's out there You have value just for being you you don't need to know the tech to get there and I a big part of what I'm passionate about is like being neuro divergent talking about mental health talking about shit you don't want to talk about
You have value just for being you you don't need to know the tech to get there and I a big part of what I'm passionate about is like being neuro divergent talking about mental health talking about shit you don't want to talk about And that was something I brought to the table and saw how people found value in that that there was still that value exchange and that was a big reason where I got hired as a dev rel
And that was something I brought to the table and saw how people found value in that that there was still that value exchange and that was a big reason where I got hired as a dev rel I got hired six months after I started my dev rel journey because I brought a lot of other items to the table outside of tech and that's something I just want to say like you can do other things then just tech to be part of a community and bring value and then to Alex's question of I think it matters on the company and I've been looking enough that I'm going to do that
I got hired six months after I started my dev rel journey because I brought a lot of other items to the table outside of tech and that's something I just want to say like you can do other things then just tech to be part of a community and bring value and then to Alex's question of I think it matters on the company and I've been looking enough that I'm going to do that And I think enough that at my current job I was there is a mentorship program and the person that was like my boss was like yo you should probably find someone to mentor and he's like can I mentor Jen
And I think enough that at my current job I was there is a mentorship program and the person that was like my boss was like yo you should probably find someone to mentor and he's like can I mentor Jen My boss was like sure if that works whatever you guys do what you want to do and Francesco has been one of the best mentors I've ever had because he helps me with the technical side of things but also conference side of things people inside of things
My boss was like sure if that works whatever you guys do what you want to do and Francesco has been one of the best mentors I've ever had because he helps me with the technical side of things but also conference side of things people inside of things So what is business like having business relationships and even if they're not who I would be friends with
So what is business like having business relationships and even if they're not who I would be friends with Yeah, so there's been a lot of that and I think there is something that could definitely work out and there's ways to do that within a company there's also I find organically how we've been talking about up and to this point is one of the best ways to find mentorship even within a company
Yeah, so there's been a lot of that and I think there is something that could definitely work out and there's ways to do that within a company there's also I find organically how we've been talking about up and to this point is one of the best ways to find mentorship even within a company So for people most people what you're going to come across is like the enterprise environment. You're going to get jobs they're not going to be these like super savvy trendy startups for fan companies or whatever you might end up in just some enterprise company somewhere
So for people most people what you're going to come across is like the enterprise environment. You're going to get jobs they're not going to be these like super savvy trendy startups for fan companies or whatever you might end up in just some enterprise company somewhere My best partner or all state might be a no name I might not be any name that you recognize and this is the thing
My best partner or all state might be a no name I might not be any name that you recognize and this is the thing If they have mentorship programs in my experience so far as anecdotal but I've heard it from other people as well it's it's it's pretty shallow it's pretty it's it's not going to provide you a tremendous amount of value it sounds like Jen is very lucky in that sense
If they have mentorship programs in my experience so far as anecdotal but I've heard it from other people as well it's it's it's pretty shallow it's pretty it's it's not going to provide you a tremendous amount of value it sounds like Jen is very lucky in that sense Overall it really really really really depends on you and you going out there and doing what it takes to actually network and create those relationships at the end of the day nobody's going to do it for you people can people can literally walk you up to the water
Overall it really really really really depends on you and you going out there and doing what it takes to actually network and create those relationships at the end of the day nobody's going to do it for you people can people can literally walk you up to the water You can't force you to do it you have to you have to do the work
You can't force you to do it you have to you have to do the work Yeah I can't agree more and like like Jen said her mentor is someone who knows her and that's why that works for her at her company you know like and that's the key like where we're getting here is you build that that relationship you build that community so that people are like at least colleagues of interest
Yeah I can't agree more and like like Jen said her mentor is someone who knows her and that's why that works for her at her company you know like and that's the key like where we're getting here is you build that that relationship you build that community so that people are like at least colleagues of interest If not friends who then have there's a they care about you so they want to mentor you to help you because they actually like they care about you as a person versus the average like like Jacob was saying enterprise company where you get a mentor who may not even know you or you don't normally talk to them and they're like they're sitting there like okay well what do I have to mentor this person for an hour a week okay I'll do that and whatever and like if they succeed pool if not whatever like they don't care about you because
If not friends who then have there's a they care about you so they want to mentor you to help you because they actually like they care about you as a person versus the average like like Jacob was saying enterprise company where you get a mentor who may not even know you or you don't normally talk to them and they're like they're sitting there like okay well what do I have to mentor this person for an hour a week okay I'll do that and whatever and like if they succeed pool if not whatever like they don't care about you because They don't know you and like they shouldn't care about you because they don't know you yet you're in a different department and and like I don't think that that's a bad thing I think those kind of programs are broken because they're parent people who don't know each other and there's no investment in the mentor helping the mentee because they don't they didn't know you till they sat down now sometimes they'll work out because you'll get to know each other and like become friends and it can be successful but I don't think they're going to be successful
They don't know you and like they shouldn't care about you because they don't know you yet you're in a different department and and like I don't think that that's a bad thing I think those kind of programs are broken because they're parent people who don't know each other and there's no investment in the mentor helping the mentee because they don't they didn't know you till they sat down now sometimes they'll work out because you'll get to know each other and like become friends and it can be successful but I don't think they're going to be successful But I don't think there's any guarantee of that and I don't think you should expect there to be any guarantee of that. This is something you want to be invested in you want to find someone who's invested in you and cares about your help
But I don't think there's any guarantee of that and I don't think you should expect there to be any guarantee of that. This is something you want to be invested in you want to find someone who's invested in you and cares about your help Like you know that's just how you're both going to be successful because the person who's mentoring you what they're going to get out of it is someone that they can rely on in some way whether it's someone they can bring into their company to work or their team to work
Like you know that's just how you're both going to be successful because the person who's mentoring you what they're going to get out of it is someone that they can rely on in some way whether it's someone they can bring into their company to work or their team to work Whether it's someone they can refer to a friend and bring value to their friends project whatever the case is like a mentor is looking for value it's not a one way mentor gives value to mentee and that's it it has to be a two way street obviously the mentor will get less out of it typically because they're helping the other person learn but if it's just the one way street they don't care
Whether it's someone they can refer to a friend and bring value to their friends project whatever the case is like a mentor is looking for value it's not a one way mentor gives value to mentee and that's it it has to be a two way street obviously the mentor will get less out of it typically because they're helping the other person learn but if it's just the one way street they don't care It's got to be two ways and then the like Jen called us out but real quick Jen or Jacob do you know who the unexpected is who commented in chat
It's got to be two ways and then the like Jen called us out but real quick Jen or Jacob do you know who the unexpected is who commented in chat Is this someone you guys know no so like I don't want to pick on the unexpected if you're still in the chat like understand I'm not trying to like be mean to you but this is what we were talking about earlier with questions you come in here and said what do you think I should do to make money on the street
Is this someone you guys know no so like I don't want to pick on the unexpected if you're still in the chat like understand I'm not trying to like be mean to you but this is what we were talking about earlier with questions you come in here and said what do you think I should do to make money on the street I'm not trying to make money on the side with coding. I have no idea what your skillsets are what your interests are like my only answer to you is something that you're good at
I'm not trying to make money on the side with coding. I have no idea what your skillsets are what your interests are like my only answer to you is something that you're good at I don't know whether that's like writing essays whether that's painting art whether that's delivering food whether that's something else like you know this is the exact kind of open ended question that we were talking about earlier like we can't help you because we don't know and you've given this super super
I don't know whether that's like writing essays whether that's painting art whether that's delivering food whether that's something else like you know this is the exact kind of open ended question that we were talking about earlier like we can't help you because we don't know and you've given this super super Very question super open any question that like we just can't answer well with coding so so crag. Yeah front end coding back encoding is that. So I think that's a great way to have a lot of work. Yeah like any of those like. So the main thing
Very question super open any question that like we just can't answer well with coding so so crag. Yeah front end coding back encoding is that. So I think that's a great way to have a lot of work. Yeah like any of those like. So the main thing So the main thing. I'm being very facetious about and Roy's being serious about is. Again, we have to have context right we have to have information context you have to provide this stuff when you ask people these text questions. So if you ask a big if I'm a question
So the main thing. I'm being very facetious about and Roy's being serious about is. Again, we have to have context right we have to have information context you have to provide this stuff when you ask people these text questions. So if you ask a big if I'm a question Yeah, and well yeah that's exactly it or I'm just going to ignore it. The the thing is is like if. You're you're specified hey I have some front end skills I've been practicing you know I just learn react whatnot like what's up I could do to earn some cash
Yeah, and well yeah that's exactly it or I'm just going to ignore it. The the thing is is like if. You're you're specified hey I have some front end skills I've been practicing you know I just learn react whatnot like what's up I could do to earn some cash Yeah, like look around see if like there's some mom and pop shops that need some new like simple websites for their for their stores right there you can you make a few hundred bucks. Just from one one one website revamp
Yeah, like look around see if like there's some mom and pop shops that need some new like simple websites for their for their stores right there you can you make a few hundred bucks. Just from one one one website revamp If it's back end though that that changes it entirely a mom and pop shop is probably not going to know what a back end is let alone need one
If it's back end though that that changes it entirely a mom and pop shop is probably not going to know what a back end is let alone need one And that brings brings up a really great great way of something I want to call out Jasmine for and then also get into a big reason I asked about all of the stuff is
And that brings brings up a really great great way of something I want to call out Jasmine for and then also get into a big reason I asked about all of the stuff is Jasmine mentioned to me like she reached out to me on my DMs and was like yo you do these mental health and your own diversity Twitter spaces
Jasmine mentioned to me like she reached out to me on my DMs and was like yo you do these mental health and your own diversity Twitter spaces Can I set up time with you to chat at some point getting into tech I was like fuck yeah like sounds like we have common ground I don't know much about it I have a bandwidth so let's do it
Can I set up time with you to chat at some point getting into tech I was like fuck yeah like sounds like we have common ground I don't know much about it I have a bandwidth so let's do it And I found out that she really likes gaming and live streaming and I was like those are things I'm interested in and a lot of times it without that context though I wouldn't quite understand the
And I found out that she really likes gaming and live streaming and I was like those are things I'm interested in and a lot of times it without that context though I wouldn't quite understand the What she wanted to go into and also give her ideas of community or things to look into and also want to say that so yay Jasmine and also want to say that be keep showing up and being part of these communities even if you're not specifically asking for help just being a part of the conversation really helps when you do have questions because I was like
What she wanted to go into and also give her ideas of community or things to look into and also want to say that so yay Jasmine and also want to say that be keep showing up and being part of these communities even if you're not specifically asking for help just being a part of the conversation really helps when you do have questions because I was like I was like hey y'all I'm going to write down some questions and they ask you and two of the questions was what is authentication and second one was I started writing what is the difference between authentication and security
I was like hey y'all I'm going to write down some questions and they ask you and two of the questions was what is authentication and second one was I started writing what is the difference between authentication and security And Brian Jacob know me pretty well and I mix up a lot of my terminologies I comprehend like I can comprehend a lot of complex problems it doesn't mean I quite understand the doing process of it and building it myself and so I mix up a lot of those words I am very dyslexic it is something that I get very self conscious about and try to push through and
And Brian Jacob know me pretty well and I mix up a lot of my terminologies I comprehend like I can comprehend a lot of complex problems it doesn't mean I quite understand the doing process of it and building it myself and so I mix up a lot of those words I am very dyslexic it is something that I get very self conscious about and try to push through and And knowing building these relationships I know that they aren't going to be like saying something like that
And knowing building these relationships I know that they aren't going to be like saying something like that Mainly they're doing it so that way I learn and Roy was like i'm pretty sure you mean authentication authorization I was like yes yes that is what I mean thank you and but without being around them all the time without being a part of this community without showing up to these Twitter spaces they wouldn't know
Mainly they're doing it so that way I learn and Roy was like i'm pretty sure you mean authentication authorization I was like yes yes that is what I mean thank you and but without being around them all the time without being a part of this community without showing up to these Twitter spaces they wouldn't know Where I struggle with my communication like a lot of times i've had to ask the group hey I don't know how to google this what am I googling because I just space words like it is the most frustrating thing in the world and
Where I struggle with my communication like a lot of times i've had to ask the group hey I don't know how to google this what am I googling because I just space words like it is the most frustrating thing in the world and I don't know that to like when you're learning stuff you don't you almost always initially don't know what to go because you don't know what you're learning so like that's not even a that's an agenda that's just a thing that's something where you have to start googling and figure out if you're on the right path and then there are down or if you're on the wrong path try other terms and searches
I don't know that to like when you're learning stuff you don't you almost always initially don't know what to go because you don't know what you're learning so like that's not even a that's an agenda that's just a thing that's something where you have to start googling and figure out if you're on the right path and then there are down or if you're on the wrong path try other terms and searches Because you're like when you don't know something and you start searching you're going to you need to learn enough to search for what you want. So that's a general thing that's not specific to Jen or anyone like it's it's something we all struggle with. I still feel like I do more
Because you're like when you don't know something and you start searching you're going to you need to learn enough to search for what you want. So that's a general thing that's not specific to Jen or anyone like it's it's something we all struggle with. I still feel like I do more I don't even know how to google like things outside of tech and I struggle with googling like I have to walk up to my partner and be like hey i'm trying to look for you know those yellow
I don't even know how to google like things outside of tech and I struggle with googling like I have to walk up to my partner and be like hey i'm trying to look for you know those yellow You know the thing that we saw like at the garage sale that's like a little boxy thing and it was yellow how do I google this. But that's exactly what I'm talking about like what is the yellow box thing
You know the thing that we saw like at the garage sale that's like a little boxy thing and it was yellow how do I google this. But that's exactly what I'm talking about like what is the yellow box thing Did you know what it was called so that's one point I did yeah but like if you don't remember it or you didn't know like how do you google that right you're like there's that thing that I like but I don't even know what the term is so you've got to figure out
Did you know what it was called so that's one point I did yeah but like if you don't remember it or you didn't know like how do you google that right you're like there's that thing that I like but I don't even know what the term is so you've got to figure out The terms so then you can google it you know like that's yes you know that's in the that's a prime example what i'm talking about is like you can't google what you're talking about
The terms so then you can google it you know like that's yes you know that's in the that's a prime example what i'm talking about is like you can't google what you're talking about You can't google the yellow box thing until you know what the yellow box thing is or you're going to start googling like yellow box what is like things that are a yellow box or like i'll go to like like in a situation like that i'll go to like Google images and just like yellow box and like try to figure out if i'm on the right track and then narrow that search down like big yellow box or little yellow box or metal yellow box or whatever and like try to find like try to get to what i'm looking for them be like oh it's a
You can't google the yellow box thing until you know what the yellow box thing is or you're going to start googling like yellow box what is like things that are a yellow box or like i'll go to like like in a situation like that i'll go to like Google images and just like yellow box and like try to figure out if i'm on the right track and then narrow that search down like big yellow box or little yellow box or metal yellow box or whatever and like try to find like try to get to what i'm looking for them be like oh it's a Whatever a mailbox like that's a done example but. Okay now i can go and do google like yellow mailboxes and be googling the right thing it's a legitimate thing that we go through. Yes and thank you and. Mark can you
Whatever a mailbox like that's a done example but. Okay now i can go and do google like yellow mailboxes and be googling the right thing it's a legitimate thing that we go through. Yes and thank you and. Mark can you Mark can you. If you find that blog will you pay for the link for that because that sounds interesting it also brought up the the one one more piece that I did want to call out that you guys. Talk me a lot about was. Challenge yourself yet embrace the way you learn. I really struggle with docs yet
Mark can you. If you find that blog will you pay for the link for that because that sounds interesting it also brought up the the one one more piece that I did want to call out that you guys. Talk me a lot about was. Challenge yourself yet embrace the way you learn. I really struggle with docs yet i've learned through all of this and also with. There is a. Another human named Laura Langdon that joined t shantak for a while of learning. I know that i'm super dyslexic so
i've learned through all of this and also with. There is a. Another human named Laura Langdon that joined t shantak for a while of learning. I know that i'm super dyslexic so At least going through and using text speech to try to read docs is a way that i've gotten over trying to read docs i still struggle but that's at least giving myself more resources and learning how to learn. I feel like. That can be a very big struggle in all of this yeah i so i
At least going through and using text speech to try to read docs is a way that i've gotten over trying to read docs i still struggle but that's at least giving myself more resources and learning how to learn. I feel like. That can be a very big struggle in all of this yeah i so i Have pretty bad HD. HD I can say it perfectly today there we go. And like depending on the docs. I can't read them. They're just not written in a way that like I can sit there and read through them in a comprehensive way. That doesn't mean the docs are bad it means they're bad for me
Have pretty bad HD. HD I can say it perfectly today there we go. And like depending on the docs. I can't read them. They're just not written in a way that like I can sit there and read through them in a comprehensive way. That doesn't mean the docs are bad it means they're bad for me A prime example is the re the reactor I dox. I just cannot consume those docs for whatever reason unless I very specifically land on the piece that I need the paragraph or two that I need but trying to go through those docs tries me not to personally they're just not they don't click with me
A prime example is the re the reactor I dox. I just cannot consume those docs for whatever reason unless I very specifically land on the piece that I need the paragraph or two that I need but trying to go through those docs tries me not to personally they're just not they don't click with me And again. I'm not saying they're bad don't go and be like oh Roy said the remake the reactor doctor terrible they are bad for me. And I'm sure they're great for a lot of people
And again. I'm not saying they're bad don't go and be like oh Roy said the remake the reactor doctor terrible they are bad for me. And I'm sure they're great for a lot of people So you you want to understand quickly what kind of docs work for you or whatever it is whatever you're learning like look at the docs. And if they don't help you look for other stuff I learn a lot with examples give me examples of the code and i'm going to comprehend a lot quicker
So you you want to understand quickly what kind of docs work for you or whatever it is whatever you're learning like look at the docs. And if they don't help you look for other stuff I learn a lot with examples give me examples of the code and i'm going to comprehend a lot quicker Give me just like a function and tell me what to do with the function and like it's a much bigger struggle for me
Give me just like a function and tell me what to do with the function and like it's a much bigger struggle for me You know so like that I know and like learn that and lean into that don't be like well other people read the docs I need to read the docs more if that doesn't work for you that doesn't work for you do what works for you if it means reading the docs or text the speech do that if it means don't using the don't use the docs go get examples blog posts videos whatever that is
You know so like that I know and like learn that and lean into that don't be like well other people read the docs I need to read the docs more if that doesn't work for you that doesn't work for you do what works for you if it means reading the docs or text the speech do that if it means don't using the don't use the docs go get examples blog posts videos whatever that is Do that for you figure out your solution and embrace that. And thoughts. Yeah. That is something that I clerk does I think pretty well is
Do that for you figure out your solution and embrace that. And thoughts. Yeah. That is something that I clerk does I think pretty well is Do doing the docs because they also have it where they even do do share screen go to that window there we go is in the docs itself they under quick start and tutorials. They under quick start and tutorials. They're learned by example
Do doing the docs because they also have it where they even do do share screen go to that window there we go is in the docs itself they under quick start and tutorials. They under quick start and tutorials. They're learned by example Which is really helpful and or just like quick starts there's different ways that it can be done which is pretty cool and. That that does lead me to
Which is really helpful and or just like quick starts there's different ways that it can be done which is pretty cool and. That that does lead me to Oh yeah I the job script way out I agree like it's helpful I will say I don't think he's here anymore as from leading from reading from a book Josh Goldberg's book is actually learning typescript is actually pretty funny
Oh yeah I the job script way out I agree like it's helpful I will say I don't think he's here anymore as from leading from reading from a book Josh Goldberg's book is actually learning typescript is actually pretty funny Like it's a great learning book I was entertained while I read it plus he's fun to talk to you about everything
Like it's a great learning book I was entertained while I read it plus he's fun to talk to you about everything But before we keep going I'm going to totally like pivot and ask the original questions that we were going to do today's drink for and then we decided to do you know just let's hang out which I'm also grateful for because sometimes that just needs to be done is. What is authentication
But before we keep going I'm going to totally like pivot and ask the original questions that we were going to do today's drink for and then we decided to do you know just let's hang out which I'm also grateful for because sometimes that just needs to be done is. What is authentication Centication is just at like at the base level is just logging in and having a user account so it's just the ability to create a user for yourself on a website and then log in and out of that user
Centication is just at like at the base level is just logging in and having a user account so it's just the ability to create a user for yourself on a website and then log in and out of that user So I'm going to ask you this one now because right answer the first one what's the difference between authentication authorization
So I'm going to ask you this one now because right answer the first one what's the difference between authentication authorization So you think about like authentication is like having the key and being able to walk through the door and an authorization is actually being allowed to be on the other side of the door
So you think about like authentication is like having the key and being able to walk through the door and an authorization is actually being allowed to be on the other side of the door Like if I say have access to what would be a good example here I think of a that was a metaphor so sick of an example that we have
Like if I say have access to what would be a good example here I think of a that was a metaphor so sick of an example that we have So like let's say I authenticate and I sign in to your website right and you have a route that's like a members route you're now authorized to enter that members route but you may try to go to the admin route and it will you will be like hit with a not authorized right it will just be like hey you're not allowed in here
So like let's say I authenticate and I sign in to your website right and you have a route that's like a members route you're now authorized to enter that members route but you may try to go to the admin route and it will you will be like hit with a not authorized right it will just be like hey you're not allowed in here But it's like hey but I authenticated yeah but you're not an admin right so you're not authorized as an admin you're authorized as a member right so that that's that's kind of a fun the fundamental difference
But it's like hey but I authenticated yeah but you're not an admin right so you're not authorized as an admin you're authorized as a member right so that that's that's kind of a fun the fundamental difference Would it could it be like if I'm watching all of the spy movies and stuff and they have hackers that they skip the authentication to say a specific user and hack their way and to give them authorization to see it all
Would it could it be like if I'm watching all of the spy movies and stuff and they have hackers that they skip the authentication to say a specific user and hack their way and to give them authorization to see it all Kind of they're like they're finding an unlocked door would be the best way to put it. They're finding an unlocked door or cloning your key one of the other. Also there's a lot of make believe magic in the shows but you know we won't talk about that
Kind of they're like they're finding an unlocked door would be the best way to put it. They're finding an unlocked door or cloning your key one of the other. Also there's a lot of make believe magic in the shows but you know we won't talk about that The way that like Jacob talks about a key my explanation for authorization is very similar but it's basically authentication let's you open the front door authorization is keys for different rooms yeah
The way that like Jacob talks about a key my explanation for authorization is very similar but it's basically authentication let's you open the front door authorization is keys for different rooms yeah Some people only get one key for like the basic room where you can just like sit on a couch and watch TV and other people get the key to the room where you can change the channels on the TV and change the programming or other rooms where you can turn the lights off and turn the heat up and down
Some people only get one key for like the basic room where you can just like sit on a couch and watch TV and other people get the key to the room where you can change the channels on the TV and change the programming or other rooms where you can turn the lights off and turn the heat up and down So depending on the keys you have you have different levels of access and your user management system is going to say hey that user signed in cool here are the keys that they have or here's essentially what we call rolls or permissions depending on how you structure your system and so that user has these different permissions what where's that user only has this one permission or this one level of access
So depending on the keys you have you have different levels of access and your user management system is going to say hey that user signed in cool here are the keys that they have or here's essentially what we call rolls or permissions depending on how you structure your system and so that user has these different permissions what where's that user only has this one permission or this one level of access Similar concepts just framing that way in case that makes more sense that to people either one works as long as it makes sense to you exactly
Similar concepts just framing that way in case that makes more sense that to people either one works as long as it makes sense to you exactly So if we go off of what Jasmine said of like so authentication gets you into the building and authorization gets you to which floor you can get to of the security clearance. Yeah, yeah. Okay, we're talking like the FBI there we go. Exactly
So if we go off of what Jasmine said of like so authentication gets you into the building and authorization gets you to which floor you can get to of the security clearance. Yeah, yeah. Okay, we're talking like the FBI there we go. Exactly Exactly. You mean that's like for example like anyone in the US could walk in the front door of the FBI to their lobby right
Exactly. You mean that's like for example like anyone in the US could walk in the front door of the FBI to their lobby right Of like an average FBI office you can walk into the lobby but most people don't have any of the clearance levels or the keys or the access to go through the FBI only door into the you know the back offices and even within the FBI some of the agents might have more access to go to certain file
Of like an average FBI office you can walk into the lobby but most people don't have any of the clearance levels or the keys or the access to go through the FBI only door into the you know the back offices and even within the FBI some of the agents might have more access to go to certain file There's certain rooms and stuff like that. Yeah, to to to expand a little bit on on because I like that the different floors metaphor. Think of it this way when you first join a job. First join a company and say that they have access control
There's certain rooms and stuff like that. Yeah, to to to expand a little bit on on because I like that the different floors metaphor. Think of it this way when you first join a job. First join a company and say that they have access control So that's like when I worked at Claufor they had access control. Your authentication is them essentially hiring you you're you're giving a key card as this individual. This is your authentication. This is you it has your information on it
So that's like when I worked at Claufor they had access control. Your authentication is them essentially hiring you you're you're giving a key card as this individual. This is your authentication. This is you it has your information on it That is that is the thing that you will using not to indicate
That is that is the thing that you will using not to indicate And the authorization is essentially like what that that key card as you will be allowed to go to different places and somebody can come up to you and say hey show me your badge right and they can compare it to like your key card and your your like who you are what you look like
And the authorization is essentially like what that that key card as you will be allowed to go to different places and somebody can come up to you and say hey show me your badge right and they can compare it to like your key card and your your like who you are what you look like That's them reauthenticating you right there like hey this is you day you're on the wrong floor mother fucker. Right you're all rise to be here to be really clear there to actually be super pedantic
That's them reauthenticating you right there like hey this is you day you're on the wrong floor mother fucker. Right you're all rise to be here to be really clear there to actually be super pedantic There's this is you that's off that's reauthenticating that that's who you are and the you're on the wrong floor is checking the authorization and seeing that you don't have access. Yeah, he is sorry jump in there Jacob but they're two are both in play there in that little. Exactly. Exactly
There's this is you that's off that's reauthenticating that that's who you are and the you're on the wrong floor is checking the authorization and seeing that you don't have access. Yeah, he is sorry jump in there Jacob but they're two are both in play there in that little. Exactly. Exactly Exactly. Exactly. Can people also get into like so like it like we're talking in physical examples is because we're trying to have an analogy here right
Exactly. Exactly. Can people also get into like so like it like we're talking in physical examples is because we're trying to have an analogy here right Can people get into those same situations in say like like in real world web apps and stuff absolutely can you be authenticated and being an unauthorized area yes that can happen. Unless you use clear bugs exist
Can people get into those same situations in say like like in real world web apps and stuff absolutely can you be authenticated and being an unauthorized area yes that can happen. Unless you use clear bugs exist In fairness even with clerk because you're still implementing things and you can implement them incorrectly or whatnot so like there is there is some of that so yeah yeah. What solution yeah makes it a lot harder to make the mistake there you go. There we go
In fairness even with clerk because you're still implementing things and you can implement them incorrectly or whatnot so like there is there is some of that so yeah yeah. What solution yeah makes it a lot harder to make the mistake there you go. There we go There we go. Does it have anything to do like it's not magic unfortunately. I mean it's pretty magic it's pretty close but it's not quite there. Jen something you are. It's pretty cool like it's interesting we were talking about Theo earlier and Theo has a t3 app
There we go. Does it have anything to do like it's not magic unfortunately. I mean it's pretty magic it's pretty close but it's not quite there. Jen something you are. It's pretty cool like it's interesting we were talking about Theo earlier and Theo has a t3 app Sure thing that he was like if I if you'd finish this and do the entire thing I will answer any question you want. Yep. I'm still not done. I'm still learning in the process but it's it did get me to find out more about clerk and then also seeing it being used when for our
Sure thing that he was like if I if you'd finish this and do the entire thing I will answer any question you want. Yep. I'm still not done. I'm still learning in the process but it's it did get me to find out more about clerk and then also seeing it being used when for our Expand stuff by the way I end up saying that what we're doing is dnd to people because they can conceptualize dnd but they can't conceptualize the expanse. So we're doing it all our gaming stuff
Expand stuff by the way I end up saying that what we're doing is dnd to people because they can conceptualize dnd but they can't conceptualize the expanse. So we're doing it all our gaming stuff Super common yeah like people people usually refer to things as dnd or ttrpg especially when you're using other systems because like
Super common yeah like people people usually refer to things as dnd or ttrpg especially when you're using other systems because like Saying oh yeah I played modern age a lot of people don't know that that's what the system that's in place for for the expanse so like oh I play modern age people are like what what is that yeah or
Saying oh yeah I played modern age a lot of people don't know that that's what the system that's in place for for the expanse so like oh I play modern age people are like what what is that yeah or Yeah that's created by the critical world team for a candle up skewer a campaign so or or if I say pathfinder which is a spin off of dnd 3.5 rules set that games the same right like if I just say dnd or ttrpg people understand it just five
Yeah that's created by the critical world team for a candle up skewer a campaign so or or if I say pathfinder which is a spin off of dnd 3.5 rules set that games the same right like if I just say dnd or ttrpg people understand it just five It's very similar like how at least in North America most people say Kleenex instead of like tissue yeah because there's also like
It's very similar like how at least in North America most people say Kleenex instead of like tissue yeah because there's also like Front issue there's a brand name yeah I like yeah paper towel tissue Kleenex is in tissue not everyone's using an actual Kleenex yeah but everyone knows what a Kleenex is or they think very specific to the one that you're going to blow your nose in versus like wipe your butt. Thanks
Front issue there's a brand name yeah I like yeah paper towel tissue Kleenex is in tissue not everyone's using an actual Kleenex yeah but everyone knows what a Kleenex is or they think very specific to the one that you're going to blow your nose in versus like wipe your butt. Thanks Yes yes and so doing the t3 app chirp and then all the dnd stuff is what helped me understand a bit more about the authentication and what I'm a bit curious about because and this might be a question is with go daddy or like WordPress those type of platforms there were users that could be created but then there was also like file rewrite rules so our file rewrite rules associated with users therefore associated with authentication
Yes yes and so doing the t3 app chirp and then all the dnd stuff is what helped me understand a bit more about the authentication and what I'm a bit curious about because and this might be a question is with go daddy or like WordPress those type of platforms there were users that could be created but then there was also like file rewrite rules so our file rewrite rules associated with users therefore associated with authentication They're authorization. They are the the access that you have as a user some users may have authorization access to read and write files and other users may have authorization to not just read and write files but also read and write slash delete other users files
They're authorization. They are the the access that you have as a user some users may have authorization access to read and write files and other users may have authorization to not just read and write files but also read and write slash delete other users files For example an admin could go in and view everyone's files and potentially delete unwanted files whereas a user would only be authorized to see their own files and modify their own files and not other user files. Got it. Yeah. There's a lot to think about here and I appreciate the breakdown
For example an admin could go in and view everyone's files and potentially delete unwanted files whereas a user would only be authorized to see their own files and modify their own files and not other user files. Got it. Yeah. There's a lot to think about here and I appreciate the breakdown I don't know when but at some point these two are going to be back because we have lots to learn from them and I'm working on scrolling back to all of the ideas we had and I'm curious what y'all would be interested in. I think we could talk about just like installing it
I don't know when but at some point these two are going to be back because we have lots to learn from them and I'm working on scrolling back to all of the ideas we had and I'm curious what y'all would be interested in. I think we could talk about just like installing it What does it look like to install it? How orgs and setup the back end to SDKs and web hooks and custom flows and users. I think I think the next stream we should just talk about installing it and talk about what what makes clerk more unique than other solutions in the space
What does it look like to install it? How orgs and setup the back end to SDKs and web hooks and custom flows and users. I think I think the next stream we should just talk about installing it and talk about what what makes clerk more unique than other solutions in the space I think we should give you that really briefly to install a set of clerk on your application for just. Authentication just to get started you don't need a back end you could have a react app that runs solely as a straight single page app like straight on a only an user browser
I think we should give you that really briefly to install a set of clerk on your application for just. Authentication just to get started you don't need a back end you could have a react app that runs solely as a straight single page app like straight on a only an user browser No, no express no back end of any sort. No like next API routes nothing. She asked that front end red react application and clerk will load and work in the front end. We actually have so actually let me just deviate for a second to answer Jasmine question
No, no express no back end of any sort. No like next API routes nothing. She asked that front end red react application and clerk will load and work in the front end. We actually have so actually let me just deviate for a second to answer Jasmine question Clerk is a software as a service product that offers authentication and user management. You can add it to your. To your your web application and we clerk the company basically manage all of that hard stuff for you
Clerk is a software as a service product that offers authentication and user management. You can add it to your. To your your web application and we clerk the company basically manage all of that hard stuff for you You just need to implement like you just need to make you the signing component available. Make the sign out button work the user profile. We handle all of the work we have the infrastructure for like saving all that user information handling all the requests all of that stuff
You just need to implement like you just need to make you the signing component available. Make the sign out button work the user profile. We handle all of the work we have the infrastructure for like saving all that user information handling all the requests all of that stuff Anyway, so just to kind of go back to what it's like about you drop in clerk it's a JS package in your react application and it connects with our front end API so clerk actually has three APIs to which you would interact with as a customer
Anyway, so just to kind of go back to what it's like about you drop in clerk it's a JS package in your react application and it connects with our front end API so clerk actually has three APIs to which you would interact with as a customer We have a front end API a back end API we also have a dashboard API which is what our dashboard interacts with so you as a customer you never need to worry about that. But our front end API is what is used for all the sign in sign ups
We have a front end API a back end API we also have a dashboard API which is what our dashboard interacts with so you as a customer you never need to worry about that. But our front end API is what is used for all the sign in sign ups You know changing your user profile adding your avatar selecting which organization you're currently active and all that stuff that all happens on the front end you no server needed
You know changing your user profile adding your avatar selecting which organization you're currently active and all that stuff that all happens on the front end you no server needed You just drop that stuff in and within minutes literally just a couple minutes you have authentication working on your site and then later you may implement some of the back and stuff for more advanced features as you need them
You just drop that stuff in and within minutes literally just a couple minutes you have authentication working on your site and then later you may implement some of the back and stuff for more advanced features as you need them And the key there is because you're just dropping in JavaScript you there's nothing to set up there's no database to set up there's no server to set up you don't have to worry about managing sessions or cookies
And the key there is because you're just dropping in JavaScript you there's nothing to set up there's no database to set up there's no server to set up you don't have to worry about managing sessions or cookies You don't have to worry about any of that stuff and you don't have to worry about how fast your services are if you're have your own database to manage sessions you're handling requests through your server performance speed costs these are all factors that are removed from the picture that clerk handles for you obviously it is software service we will you know we have a free plan we have paid plans
You don't have to worry about any of that stuff and you don't have to worry about how fast your services are if you're have your own database to manage sessions you're handling requests through your server performance speed costs these are all factors that are removed from the picture that clerk handles for you obviously it is software service we will you know we have a free plan we have paid plans Spoiler alert we're actually switching to a much better plan structure in q1 way more free users it's going to be awesome for our customers super excited about that switch in q1 but yeah we we take a lot of stuff off your plate and you can then have authentication within minutes you can even have authorization through our organizations within just a few minutes with no back end
Spoiler alert we're actually switching to a much better plan structure in q1 way more free users it's going to be awesome for our customers super excited about that switch in q1 but yeah we we take a lot of stuff off your plate and you can then have authentication within minutes you can even have authorization through our organizations within just a few minutes with no back end And we can do that we can set up clerk with a next step on the next stream just take an extra add to it talk about doing it and and walk through the different steps no. The other thing to that that was mentioned is is is user management right so
And we can do that we can set up clerk with a next step on the next stream just take an extra add to it talk about doing it and and walk through the different steps no. The other thing to that that was mentioned is is is user management right so The what you'll notice in story had had had said like you don't even need to database like if you are just sitting a bear bear bear minimum react app that's just that you have no back end no database you're like well where are the users going then
The what you'll notice in story had had had said like you don't even need to database like if you are just sitting a bear bear bear minimum react app that's just that you have no back end no database you're like well where are the users going then Clerk manages those two and you have in your dashboard you have a lot of control over that as well as there's a very nice. Graphical interface that allows you to interact with your users so
Clerk manages those two and you have in your dashboard you have a lot of control over that as well as there's a very nice. Graphical interface that allows you to interact with your users so Besides even just like the initial setup the experience that you get continuing forward is also like really streamlined and really just very nice deal with. And that's again if you don't want to have to like deal with putting your users in a database and and all this other stuff
Besides even just like the initial setup the experience that you get continuing forward is also like really streamlined and really just very nice deal with. And that's again if you don't want to have to like deal with putting your users in a database and and all this other stuff You have it all in one. All one go. And to extend a little just a time down there not only do we handle that user information we provide a unique user ID for each of your users that you can then use in your database
You have it all in one. All one go. And to extend a little just a time down there not only do we handle that user information we provide a unique user ID for each of your users that you can then use in your database So you don't need a user table anymore you can get rid of the user table depending on the needs for your application and then in all of your other tables your orders tables or your posts or whatever that is
So you don't need a user table anymore you can get rid of the user table depending on the needs for your application and then in all of your other tables your orders tables or your posts or whatever that is You just use that user ID from clerk as a relation so you can just take that user ID and query your database and get your posts no user table in place you we have options to sync that out or if you need it because
You just use that user ID from clerk as a relation so you can just take that user ID and query your database and get your posts no user table in place you we have options to sync that out or if you need it because It realistically people need it for various reasons but if you don't need it you don't even have to have the users table you just have that unique ID people ask what is it it's not a CC you ID or you ID you know looks like it's actually a K you ID which is a go thing but very similar to the others it's a static 24 24 character string proceeded with user ID prefix that is unique and consistent
It realistically people need it for various reasons but if you don't need it you don't even have to have the users table you just have that unique ID people ask what is it it's not a CC you ID or you ID you know looks like it's actually a K you ID which is a go thing but very similar to the others it's a static 24 24 character string proceeded with user ID prefix that is unique and consistent That was a little geeky right at the end there was there but there's a few people who want to know that because there are always there's always questions like what is that is it reliable is it unique what's the structure so I can put a type on it that kind of stuff that is the cool thing with the crowd that shows up for this stream and also I would say like what shows up for the livestream and then what who watches the videos
That was a little geeky right at the end there was there but there's a few people who want to know that because there are always there's always questions like what is that is it reliable is it unique what's the structure so I can put a type on it that kind of stuff that is the cool thing with the crowd that shows up for this stream and also I would say like what shows up for the livestream and then what who watches the videos Is a very broad audience there's the very technical people like y'all that are like you you know what each other's talking about I don't know what you're talking but you two know what you're talking about and then there's super nubes and I like that we can vary between all of it and also at some point with alien showing up I'm like so could I do Astro with clerk and then so I'm going to do that
Is a very broad audience there's the very technical people like y'all that are like you you know what each other's talking about I don't know what you're talking but you two know what you're talking about and then there's super nubes and I like that we can vary between all of it and also at some point with alien showing up I'm like so could I do Astro with clerk and then so I'm going to do that I'm just going to name a bunch of tools and see if it actually works almost but we don't have clerk working with Astro's middleware currently yet. Currently slash yet but it's definitely something that's on our radar
I'm just going to name a bunch of tools and see if it actually works almost but we don't have clerk working with Astro's middleware currently yet. Currently slash yet but it's definitely something that's on our radar Yeah there as as for like getting clerk to work with like other integrations especially sass integrations like strappy or stripe or whatever there's there's a lot of like let's just say tooling and whatnot for enabling that right so like like clerk has webbooks metadata and just like a fairly low level API as well that you can interact with all these things would would allow you to build out more and more complex and custom integrations more of a system as well
Yeah there as as for like getting clerk to work with like other integrations especially sass integrations like strappy or stripe or whatever there's there's a lot of like let's just say tooling and whatnot for enabling that right so like like clerk has webbooks metadata and just like a fairly low level API as well that you can interact with all these things would would allow you to build out more and more complex and custom integrations more of a system as well And if you ever need people to break shit give me something that says Jen this is how it's set up you're going to try to break it doing something else with it that it wasn't meant to do
And if you ever need people to break shit give me something that says Jen this is how it's set up you're going to try to break it doing something else with it that it wasn't meant to do And then I'll find that out and I'm glad that I asked beforehand of will it work with Astro because no and melok I would try doing that someday but instead I just don't have enough to date website which is improvement. Yes Jen is a professional breaking stuff like certified professional
And then I'll find that out and I'm glad that I asked beforehand of will it work with Astro because no and melok I would try doing that someday but instead I just don't have enough to date website which is improvement. Yes Jen is a professional breaking stuff like certified professional I'm very good at it because I wanted to try to do stuff that I think it can do and it doesn't always do it but when I do learn the tech it is a bit dangerous because I do things on theory
I'm very good at it because I wanted to try to do stuff that I think it can do and it doesn't always do it but when I do learn the tech it is a bit dangerous because I do things on theory And doing that when you're working at a production studio with conferences with a few thousand if not 10,000 people and doing something on theory probably not your best idea but I did it. They worked out 99% of the time. But yes I love to find bugs and break things it's fine
And doing that when you're working at a production studio with conferences with a few thousand if not 10,000 people and doing something on theory probably not your best idea but I did it. They worked out 99% of the time. But yes I love to find bugs and break things it's fine And yes so we will announce at some point who what we're doing when we're doing another clerk stream and will not December 5th in actual. Jacob I'm saying that to you is that the agreed date. Yeah I don't know there's a lot of stuff going on right now
And yes so we will announce at some point who what we're doing when we're doing another clerk stream and will not December 5th in actual. Jacob I'm saying that to you is that the agreed date. Yeah I don't know there's a lot of stuff going on right now It might be Roy it might be Jacob it might be Roy and Jacob but it's probably going to be December 5th. We'll go with that. And I thought we'll announce it with more warning. Yes and next week we have someone coming on that is part of our. The OSRG group and going to teach me a bit about cloud
It might be Roy it might be Jacob it might be Roy and Jacob but it's probably going to be December 5th. We'll go with that. And I thought we'll announce it with more warning. Yes and next week we have someone coming on that is part of our. The OSRG group and going to teach me a bit about cloud Cat is someone who is not catnip catnip is Jasmine cat who isn't here is going to be coming on next week and talking about she is a recent bootcamp graduate who's been really into cloud. And I'm going to AWS reinvent the week after Thanksgiving in the US
Cat is someone who is not catnip catnip is Jasmine cat who isn't here is going to be coming on next week and talking about she is a recent bootcamp graduate who's been really into cloud. And I'm going to AWS reinvent the week after Thanksgiving in the US So next week cat is going to come on to talk to me and give me the low down about cloud. I'm very excited about because I need to know these things and eventually eventually and AWS. Which cloud cloud compute cloud storage cloud networking. Cloud CDN. Cloud email. We'll get there
So next week cat is going to come on to talk to me and give me the low down about cloud. I'm very excited about because I need to know these things and eventually eventually and AWS. Which cloud cloud compute cloud storage cloud networking. Cloud CDN. Cloud email. We'll get there We'll get there. It may not be on next week's streams. But we did there. Because. Because I'm in the works of getting all the cloud cloud cloud more cloudy people on this stream like Google and digital ocean and Azure and Microsoft Azure and asking Jacob for some intros for some cloud flare
We'll get there. It may not be on next week's streams. But we did there. Because. Because I'm in the works of getting all the cloud cloud cloud more cloudy people on this stream like Google and digital ocean and Azure and Microsoft Azure and asking Jacob for some intros for some cloud flare All the clouds. There's a lot of clouds y'all there is a lot of clouds. So if you see what I just typed into the twitch chat clerk is cloud user management. There you go. There you go. So y'all it'll be fun. Join us next week. Hit us up when you. So much right now. No, I don't know. I don't know
All the clouds. There's a lot of clouds y'all there is a lot of clouds. So if you see what I just typed into the twitch chat clerk is cloud user management. There you go. There you go. So y'all it'll be fun. Join us next week. Hit us up when you. So much right now. No, I don't know. I don't know I don't know. This is this is why I adore the two of you because it's never a dull moment ever ever ever. And for everyone we've talked about our community quite a bit and I just dropped the link again
I don't know. This is this is why I adore the two of you because it's never a dull moment ever ever ever. And for everyone we've talked about our community quite a bit and I just dropped the link again If you go to this website and the upper left left that's the left is where you can click discord. And yes, everybody come join us coming out ask us questions and hit us up with if you have any ideas on something that you want to have on the show
If you go to this website and the upper left left that's the left is where you can click discord. And yes, everybody come join us coming out ask us questions and hit us up with if you have any ideas on something that you want to have on the show And I'll just because I also see you still here we need to have more astro stuff on to one of these days I'm going to come up with a tech stack that will work of like. Astro to. I don't know and have everybody on at the same time to build an app together that would be so entertaining
And I'll just because I also see you still here we need to have more astro stuff on to one of these days I'm going to come up with a tech stack that will work of like. Astro to. I don't know and have everybody on at the same time to build an app together that would be so entertaining You guys don't look as entertained as I am but I will. I think it's linked so that people can buy. Buy his his his merch. I'm never entertained. Oh yeah, I forgot I have stickers. Yeah, you guys have stickers for all your characters you can definitely. Yeah, we need to look at this really quick I
You guys don't look as entertained as I am but I will. I think it's linked so that people can buy. Buy his his his merch. I'm never entertained. Oh yeah, I forgot I have stickers. Yeah, you guys have stickers for all your characters you can definitely. Yeah, we need to look at this really quick I Roy did we talk about doing a. Yeah, you send up and were supposed to tell me when you got. I got the fourth wall invite which I'm sure you've gotten a while ago. Yeah, that doesn't surprise me. I'm very very ADHD to just completely forget about that. Yeah, but hey, we have all of our characters
Roy did we talk about doing a. Yeah, you send up and were supposed to tell me when you got. I got the fourth wall invite which I'm sure you've gotten a while ago. Yeah, that doesn't surprise me. I'm very very ADHD to just completely forget about that. Yeah, but hey, we have all of our characters And it's very exciting. They're awesome. Those portraits are amazing. And I want to get these stickers and then put it on my mug. It would be really cool. I mean, if you want a mug with Luna or one of the characters on it, I can add that to the store. I kind of
And it's very exciting. They're awesome. Those portraits are amazing. And I want to get these stickers and then put it on my mug. It would be really cool. I mean, if you want a mug with Luna or one of the characters on it, I can add that to the store. I kind of I kind of. Somehow, like this doesn't even like logically make sense and it wouldn't look very good. But to get like an OSRG hoodie with the like Luna on there too. And like the D&D ones here. That would just be a really happy. I mean, we can talk
I kind of. Somehow, like this doesn't even like logically make sense and it wouldn't look very good. But to get like an OSRG hoodie with the like Luna on there too. And like the D&D ones here. That would just be a really happy. I mean, we can talk It's probably pretty quick for me to throw that together and add it. It's all the shit. All the shit all together on one to hoodie. There's also front and back. It'll make the cost a little bit more, but you could do like OSRG on the front and like something else on the back too. There's options
It's probably pretty quick for me to throw that together and add it. It's all the shit. All the shit all together on one to hoodie. There's also front and back. It'll make the cost a little bit more, but you could do like OSRG on the front and like something else on the back too. There's options There's options. Y'all there is options. Jen's going to have just a made merch. I there are yeah, there's all the things. I'm not out. I'm just going to decorate his laptop with the. The campaign. The jeans. No, the well, he left a creative figuring one too. Oh, Alex, you need to. Yes
There's options. Y'all there is options. Jen's going to have just a made merch. I there are yeah, there's all the things. I'm not out. I'm just going to decorate his laptop with the. The campaign. The jeans. No, the well, he left a creative figuring one too. Oh, Alex, you need to. Yes Yes. Actually, I will look for a thrift at the thrift shops. I go thrifting a lot. A lot. Mark. I will get you. I will see if I can find like, you know, a leather jacket we could like. Distraught. And then if we get a patch, we could iron it on there. I can turn I can turn these into batches
Yes. Actually, I will look for a thrift at the thrift shops. I go thrifting a lot. A lot. Mark. I will get you. I will see if I can find like, you know, a leather jacket we could like. Distraught. And then if we get a patch, we could iron it on there. I can turn I can turn these into batches Oh my god, that would actually be terrifying. And hilarious at the same time. Yes, yes. Okay, here are our options for rating. Jason, Lingstorf, which we read to quite a bit, learn with Jason. And then we have a question. Or the other one I got is. Prime again. Prime
Oh my god, that would actually be terrifying. And hilarious at the same time. Yes, yes. Okay, here are our options for rating. Jason, Lingstorf, which we read to quite a bit, learn with Jason. And then we have a question. Or the other one I got is. Prime again. Prime Prime again. Prime. How do you say his name? Prime. Prime. Prime. Who should we read to you? Oh, so. I would say that's my vote. Okay. Yeah. That works for me. Thank you. Thank you. And see all of you next week. And thank you for joining today. Have a wonderful week. Bye all. Take care. Bye. Peace
Prime again. Prime. How do you say his name? Prime. Prime. Prime. Who should we read to you? Oh, so. I would say that's my vote. Okay. Yeah. That works for me. Thank you. Thank you. And see all of you next week. And thank you for joining today. Have a wonderful week. Bye all. Take care. Bye. Peace Bye. Peace.
Bye. Peace.