I mean, we are live. Yay. Go us. Yay. Uh, yeah. So, hello beautiful human. We're still going to learn Python. We're just going to possibly do it a different way than with J because J is not here But now that we're doing it as we have something more open to do, like that we have a framework that's not not reliant on one person. Because I think that was the biggest thing was having J do it was we would be reliant on one person and with all of our schedules that just wasn't going to work
But now that we're doing it as we have something more open to do, like that we have a framework that's not not reliant on one person. Because I think that was the biggest thing was having J do it was we would be reliant on one person and with all of our schedules that just wasn't going to work Yeah, that makes sense. So, figured I will set my schedule to stream weekly and then we'll see who shows up to stream with us. And you're here. Yay. Now, how do we want to learn today? We were talking about code. We're talking. Pretty code bootcamp is what I think we were talking about before
Yeah, that makes sense. So, figured I will set my schedule to stream weekly and then we'll see who shows up to stream with us. And you're here. Yay. Now, how do we want to learn today? We were talking about code. We're talking. Pretty code bootcamp is what I think we were talking about before Um, so for those who are tuning in for the first time, learning with J, um, which could be his own show kind of like learning with Jason, but learning with J. J has been very like hands on and just gives us like a hey, this is an idea to go check out something. And that's how the show used to be
Um, so for those who are tuning in for the first time, learning with J, um, which could be his own show kind of like learning with Jason, but learning with J. J has been very like hands on and just gives us like a hey, this is an idea to go check out something. And that's how the show used to be It teach and tech used to be very hey, I'm just going to go learn whatever somebody teaches me
It teach and tech used to be very hey, I'm just going to go learn whatever somebody teaches me But it didn't always have structure to be able to go back and verify my learnings and I found that was very hard with trying to get people to learn along with me, but then also for my own reference points to go back to the learnings
But it didn't always have structure to be able to go back and verify my learnings and I found that was very hard with trying to get people to learn along with me, but then also for my own reference points to go back to the learnings So, I might get we're going to go through the book of automate more and stuff like we talked about or we were thinking of trying free code camp. Do you want to share your screen of your Googles of what we should learn or how we should learn? Um, I don't think anyone should see my rules
So, I might get we're going to go through the book of automate more and stuff like we talked about or we were thinking of trying free code camp. Do you want to share your screen of your Googles of what we should learn or how we should learn? Um, I don't think anyone should see my rules I remember when people I would share like my, um, my chat to be T history. But it was like when it first came out, so I've literally didn't use it for anything goal. And then I was like, oh no, no, no, nobody gets to see my chat to be T
I remember when people I would share like my, um, my chat to be T history. But it was like when it first came out, so I've literally didn't use it for anything goal. And then I was like, oh no, no, no, nobody gets to see my chat to be T Um, but was that a yes, you want to share your screen or no as you research it? Not that one. This one. Yay. So it looks like this is what we are going to stick with for better or for worse, we're going to be married to this thing. At least for this string. Maybe for future strings
Um, but was that a yes, you want to share your screen or no as you research it? Not that one. This one. Yay. So it looks like this is what we are going to stick with for better or for worse, we're going to be married to this thing. At least for this string. Maybe for future strings Aaron, not the boss of me. But okay. Click begin course. And this is fun. I'm over there. Let's go. I, I totally get it. I get it. Uh, we are going to read some of this out loud. Mostly that's for me because I understand the stuff better. I don't skip words. I'm very dyslexic
Aaron, not the boss of me. But okay. Click begin course. And this is fun. I'm over there. Let's go. I, I totally get it. I get it. Uh, we are going to read some of this out loud. Mostly that's for me because I understand the stuff better. I don't skip words. I'm very dyslexic I'm very dyslexic. So I skip words a lot. So if I read out loud, at least I'm least likely to. Uh, hello, by the way. There's a lot of reading, but you know, it looks better than a book. This is two paragraphs to get to some code. Let's do it
I'm very dyslexic. So I skip words a lot. So if I read out loud, at least I'm least likely to. Uh, hello, by the way. There's a lot of reading, but you know, it looks better than a book. This is two paragraphs to get to some code. Let's do it Let's do it. A quick introduction to Python syntax variable assignment and numbers tutorial. Uh, this course covers keep Python skills you'll need so you can start using Python for data science
Let's do it. A quick introduction to Python syntax variable assignment and numbers tutorial. Uh, this course covers keep Python skills you'll need so you can start using Python for data science The course is ideal for someone with some previous coding experience who wants to add Python to their repertoire. If you're a first-hand coder, you're encouraged to check out our interactive programming course, which is designed for complete beginners who would like to get started with Python
The course is ideal for someone with some previous coding experience who wants to add Python to their repertoire. If you're a first-hand coder, you're encouraged to check out our interactive programming course, which is designed for complete beginners who would like to get started with Python Sure. I mean, I feel like you and I both have like a smidge of coding experience. Yeah, just a small bit. I have deployed websites before and I've done workshops. I think post workshops. I feel like we'll leave some bounds ahead of me, but I'm here for the right of the student. All right
Sure. I mean, I feel like you and I both have like a smidge of coding experience. Yeah, just a small bit. I have deployed websites before and I've done workshops. I think post workshops. I feel like we'll leave some bounds ahead of me, but I'm here for the right of the student. All right All right. We'll start with a brief overview of Python syntax, variable assignment and arithmetic operators. I'm staring at that word because that is not where I would have gone with that word. How to guess what the word was. It's cool. Hello, a Python
All right. We'll start with a brief overview of Python syntax, variable assignment and arithmetic operators. I'm staring at that word because that is not where I would have gone with that word. How to guess what the word was. It's cool. Hello, a Python Hello, a Python. Python was named for the British comedy trope, multi Python. So we'll make our first Python program homage to their skit about span. Just for fun, try reading over the code below and predicting what is going to do when you run. If you have no idea, that's fine
Hello, a Python. Python was named for the British comedy trope, multi Python. So we'll make our first Python program homage to their skit about span. Just for fun, try reading over the code below and predicting what is going to do when you run. If you have no idea, that's fine Then click the output button to see the results of our program. I'm not going to click output yet. Spam, expand, expand, expand, expand. For more certain to span. If spam is less. If you have a spam, you can use it. That's greater than zero print. I don't want this spam. Print by hands on. Okay
Then click the output button to see the results of our program. I'm not going to click output yet. Spam, expand, expand, expand, expand. For more certain to span. If spam is less. If you have a spam, you can use it. That's greater than zero print. I don't want this spam. Print by hands on. Okay Okay. Why would we put. Spam plus four. Why would anybody want? That's where I'm getting stuck on this coding stuff. I don't want to be. I don't want to be. I don't want to be. I need to watch. Well, what do you think it's going to be? It is. Greater than zero. I don't want to be
Okay. Why would we put. Spam plus four. Why would anybody want? That's where I'm getting stuck on this coding stuff. I don't want to be. I don't want to be. I don't want to be. I need to watch. Well, what do you think it's going to be? It is. Greater than zero. I don't want to be I don't want to be. I don't want to be. I don't want to be. I want to be. I want to print two things. Spam amount equals zero. So print spam amount. But if spam. I guess I'm not sure what the where it would say what the input is. Because is that just this line up here? And then. Oh, no, so
I don't want to be. I don't want to be. I don't want to be. I want to be. I want to print two things. Spam amount equals zero. So print spam amount. But if spam. I guess I'm not sure what the where it would say what the input is. Because is that just this line up here? And then. Oh, no, so Oh, no, so. And then. There's two. The. Yeah, there's two prints spam times. Spam amount. What should be four. So it would say. Spam four times. Then right above. I'm not going to write the spam, Jesus. So is it going to write a spam amount zero? So it's going to print. I don't want any spam
Oh, no, so. And then. There's two. The. Yeah, there's two prints spam times. Spam amount. What should be four. So it would say. Spam four times. Then right above. I'm not going to write the spam, Jesus. So is it going to write a spam amount zero? So it's going to print. I don't want any spam And then it's going to write the Viking song. Which is spam time spam out. So for spams. All right. Any any guesses on what this will say before we hit show. Anyone. I'm going to take a drinking break. I'm not seeing any comments. I'm going to click it. Show him no, but zero
And then it's going to write the Viking song. Which is spam time spam out. So for spams. All right. Any any guesses on what this will say before we hit show. Anyone. I'm going to take a drinking break. I'm not seeing any comments. I'm going to click it. Show him no, but zero But I don't want any spam. Spam, spam, spam, spam. You're right. Don't even need the chapter. Spam, we did it. There's a lot of time back here. This silly program demonstrates many important aspects of what program code looks like and how it works. Let's review the code from top to bottom
But I don't want any spam. Spam, spam, spam, spam. You're right. Don't even need the chapter. Spam, we did it. There's a lot of time back here. This silly program demonstrates many important aspects of what program code looks like and how it works. Let's review the code from top to bottom Spam underscore amount equals zero. I can't wait to weigh this is set up. Sorry. It's like breaking down each line of code. I don't know how I like it. I don't know what that means. It's the same, but I really like it. It's been the same. I think it's the same. It's the same
Spam underscore amount equals zero. I can't wait to weigh this is set up. Sorry. It's like breaking down each line of code. I don't know how I like it. I don't know what that means. It's the same, but I really like it. It's been the same. I think it's the same. It's the same It's the same. You know, I don't know. It's the same. It's the same. It's the same. I think it's the same. It's the same. It's the same. Any any make that face many times of. I feel like that is something that happens a lot. What? I didn't say your nose. Those layers
It's the same. You know, I don't know. It's the same. It's the same. It's the same. I think it's the same. It's the same. It's the same. Any any make that face many times of. I feel like that is something that happens a lot. What? I didn't say your nose. Those layers Those layers. It's a very ADHD friendly tool. is a variable assignment. Here we create a variable called spam underscore amount and assigned to the value of zero using equal sign which is called the assignment operator
Those layers. It's a very ADHD friendly tool. is a variable assignment. Here we create a variable called spam underscore amount and assigned to the value of zero using equal sign which is called the assignment operator Note, if you programmed in other languages like Java or C++, you might be noticing some things Python doesn't require us to do here. We don't need to declare spam amount before assigning it to it. And we don't need to tell Python what type of value spam amount is going to refer to
Note, if you programmed in other languages like Java or C++, you might be noticing some things Python doesn't require us to do here. We don't need to declare spam amount before assigning it to it. And we don't need to tell Python what type of value spam amount is going to refer to In fact, we can even go on to reassign spam amount to refer to a different thing like a string or a bullion. Ah, yes. What I was doing last week or the week before. That's actually a good clarification because I kept thinking that we do need to declare what it is
In fact, we can even go on to reassign spam amount to refer to a different thing like a string or a bullion. Ah, yes. What I was doing last week or the week before. That's actually a good clarification because I kept thinking that we do need to declare what it is Because I think we do that in JavaScript too. Yeah, like declaring it in a ver or a string. That's what I was trying to do last time. And J was like, you're almost there and I'm like, I don't. I feel like I'm here. I don't get it. It's like I got the clip from last week. So, I'm not going to count
Because I think we do that in JavaScript too. Yeah, like declaring it in a ver or a string. That's what I was trying to do last time. And J was like, you're almost there and I'm like, I don't. I feel like I'm here. I don't get it. It's like I got the clip from last week. So, I'm not going to count So, and then print. What did we decide these are called. Are these parentheses? Yes, those are parentheses. I need to put a sticky note. These are parentheses. These are curly brackets.cie. Square bracket. is 0. Function calls
So, and then print. What did we decide these are called. Are these parentheses? Yes, those are parentheses. I need to put a sticky note. These are parentheses. These are curly brackets.cie. Square bracket. is 0. Function calls Function calls. Print is a Python function that plays the value passed to it on the screen. We call functions by putting parentheses after their name and putting the inputs or arguments to the functions in those parentheses
Function calls. Print is a Python function that plays the value passed to it on the screen. We call functions by putting parentheses after their name and putting the inputs or arguments to the functions in those parentheses Anyone else gets confused with arguments because it makes me think about arguments like runbie people, not arguments like how to think about it on a mathematical stance. I mean, you can think about it as runbie people that are doing math, but that makes it easier for you. Maybe that'll help
Anyone else gets confused with arguments because it makes me think about arguments like runbie people, not arguments like how to think about it on a mathematical stance. I mean, you can think about it as runbie people that are doing math, but that makes it easier for you. Maybe that'll help Maybe that'll help. We'll see. We'll see. All right. Okay. And then something that is good to know for learning
Maybe that'll help. We'll see. We'll see. All right. Okay. And then something that is good to know for learning If I didn't know any programming and I know that I would have asked this back then would be that the pound or hashtag ordering spam, a spam, spam, big and an spam for more servings of spam. This is all actually commented out meaning that it doesn't go into the code
If I didn't know any programming and I know that I would have asked this back then would be that the pound or hashtag ordering spam, a spam, spam, big and an spam for more servings of spam. This is all actually commented out meaning that it doesn't go into the code I say that because if I didn't have any coding experience, I wouldn't realize that was commented out. I always forget how to do that. And I realize in the Python, it's just adding the number symbol. Look different in. It's different in JavaScript, I believe
I say that because if I didn't have any coding experience, I wouldn't realize that was commented out. I always forget how to do that. And I realize in the Python, it's just adding the number symbol. Look different in. It's different in JavaScript, I believe So the first line above is a comment in Python comments begin with the hashtag symbol or pound or number symbol. Next, we see example of reassignment. Reassigning the value of a sting variable looks just the same as creating a variable. It still uses the equal sign in assignment operator
So the first line above is a comment in Python comments begin with the hashtag symbol or pound or number symbol. Next, we see example of reassignment. Reassigning the value of a sting variable looks just the same as creating a variable. It still uses the equal sign in assignment operator In this case, the value we're assigning to spam amount involves a simple arithmetic on its previous, sorry, I had something in my screen, previous value. When it encounters this line, Python evaluates the expression on the right hand side equal zero plus four equals zero
In this case, the value we're assigning to spam amount involves a simple arithmetic on its previous, sorry, I had something in my screen, previous value. When it encounters this line, Python evaluates the expression on the right hand side equal zero plus four equals zero And then assigns a value to the variable on the left hand side. And five, if spam amount is greater than zero, print, but I don't want any spam, Viking song equals spam spam spam print Viking song. I think they're missing a spam here should be four spams
And then assigns a value to the variable on the left hand side. And five, if spam amount is greater than zero, print, but I don't want any spam, Viking song equals spam spam spam print Viking song. I think they're missing a spam here should be four spams We won't talk much about conditions until later, but even if you never coded before, you can probably guess what this does. Python is prized for its readability and simplicity
We won't talk much about conditions until later, but even if you never coded before, you can probably guess what this does. Python is prized for its readability and simplicity Note, how we indicate with how we indicate which code belongs to if, but I don't want to spam is supposed to be printed if spam amount is positive. Later in code like print Viking song should be executed no matter what
Note, how we indicate with how we indicate which code belongs to if, but I don't want to spam is supposed to be printed if spam amount is positive. Later in code like print Viking song should be executed no matter what How do we, how do we and Python know that the colon at the end of the line if indicates that the code is not valid. And it indicates that a new code block is started subsequent lines, which are indented are part of the code block
How do we, how do we and Python know that the colon at the end of the line if indicates that the code is not valid. And it indicates that a new code block is started subsequent lines, which are indented are part of the code block So this is something that Jay was getting on me about because I was not indenting my code. And I guess in Python, like that's that's what you do if you just you have to indent it if you want to coincide or go with the code that you were setting up before
So this is something that Jay was getting on me about because I was not indenting my code. And I guess in Python, like that's that's what you do if you just you have to indent it if you want to coincide or go with the code that you were setting up before So I was going to say that I was going to be a statement slip like trash because I was not doing that. And I was reading my semicolon a lot too, which is just yeah
So I was going to say that I was going to be a statement slip like trash because I was not doing that. And I was reading my semicolon a lot too, which is just yeah I feel like that's something very different that's harder to learn with compared to like JavaScript because JavaScript doesn't do indents as much
I feel like that's something very different that's harder to learn with compared to like JavaScript because JavaScript doesn't do indents as much You don't have to do it and same with them, producer HTML and CSS like you don't have to do indents the way Python does you definitely don't have to do it in CSS or HTML
You don't have to do it and same with them, producer HTML and CSS like you don't have to do indents the way Python does you definitely don't have to do it in CSS or HTML No, if you ever coded before, you might know that some other languages use curly braces on the mark or to mark the beginning and end of code blocks Python uses or Python's use of meaningful whites based can be surprising to some programmers who are accustomed to other languages
No, if you ever coded before, you might know that some other languages use curly braces on the mark or to mark the beginning and end of code blocks Python uses or Python's use of meaningful whites based can be surprising to some programmers who are accustomed to other languages But in practice, it can lead to more consistent readable code, the languages that do not enforce indentation of code blocks. That makes sense. The later lines dealing with Viking song are not indented with an extra four spaces. So they are not part of the if's code block
But in practice, it can lead to more consistent readable code, the languages that do not enforce indentation of code blocks. That makes sense. The later lines dealing with Viking song are not indented with an extra four spaces. So they are not part of the if's code block We'll see more examples of indented code blocks later when we define functions using loops
We'll see more examples of indented code blocks later when we define functions using loops This code snippet is also our first sighting in a string of sighting of a string and Python, but I don't want any spam strings can be marked either by double or say, quotation marks, but because this particular string contains a single quote character, we might confuse Python by trying to surround it with single quotes less word careful
This code snippet is also our first sighting in a string of sighting of a string and Python, but I don't want any spam strings can be marked either by double or say, quotation marks, but because this particular string contains a single quote character, we might confuse Python by trying to surround it with single quotes less word careful I'm going back up. Yeah, because it. So, so I'm not going to look at five because five is missing the spam's the fourth spam. I'm going to look at the very beginning by it. If spam is greater than zero, that print has the quotes because it's not referring to something that was declared
I'm going back up. Yeah, because it. So, so I'm not going to look at five because five is missing the spam's the fourth spam. I'm going to look at the very beginning by it. If spam is greater than zero, that print has the quotes because it's not referring to something that was declared No, what it's saying and specifically the quote is because don't has an apostrophe in it. It doesn't want to use the single quotes. So you know how in quotes you can use the quotation mark or the single quotation mark, which is called parentheses, not parentheses. Oh my god
No, what it's saying and specifically the quote is because don't has an apostrophe in it. It doesn't want to use the single quotes. So you know how in quotes you can use the quotation mark or the single quotation mark, which is called parentheses, not parentheses. Oh my god Oh my god. I just use the word blank. I'm nervous. What else are they called the post your friend apostrophe. Yes, that is that is what it's called apostrophe
Oh my god. I just use the word blank. I'm nervous. What else are they called the post your friend apostrophe. Yes, that is that is what it's called apostrophe It doesn't use it doesn't want to use apostrophe because it has the or it doesn't want to use a quote because it has an apostrophe in it and it takes a little throw it off. I'm assuming Viking underscore song equals spam times spam amount or spam underscore mount print Viking song
It doesn't use it doesn't want to use apostrophe because it has the or it doesn't want to use a quote because it has an apostrophe in it and it takes a little throw it off. I'm assuming Viking underscore song equals spam times spam amount or spam underscore mount print Viking song I'm not going to say underscores gives you four spamps the star or asterisk or multiplier operator can be used to multiply two numbers three times three. And value evaluates that's the word. Is that the word? Why would you use it? Yeah. Why would you use a value weights in that? Okay
I'm not going to say underscores gives you four spamps the star or asterisk or multiplier operator can be used to multiply two numbers three times three. And value evaluates that's the word. Is that the word? Why would you use it? Yeah. Why would you use a value weights in that? Okay Yeah, that's what I would assume would have been a bit of value. I just let's look up a value. I feel like that's the correct term for it. I just didn't expect that it would be used in that sentence. Python uses a value. It's okay. Thank you Aaron
Yeah, that's what I would assume would have been a bit of value. I just let's look up a value. I feel like that's the correct term for it. I just didn't expect that it would be used in that sentence. Python uses a value. It's okay. Thank you Aaron Thank you Aaron. Value weights to nine, but we can use multiply as a string by a number to get the version that's been repeated many times Python offers a number of cheeky little time saving tricks like this where operators like times and add
Thank you Aaron. Value weights to nine, but we can use multiply as a string by a number to get the version that's been repeated many times Python offers a number of cheeky little time saving tricks like this where operators like times and add Different meanings depending on what kind of thing they're applied to the technical term for this is operating operator overloading numbers and arithmetic and Python. We've already seen examples of variable containing a number above in seven popcorn gen numbers and arithmetic and Python
Different meanings depending on what kind of thing they're applied to the technical term for this is operating operator overloading numbers and arithmetic and Python. We've already seen examples of variable containing a number above in seven popcorn gen numbers and arithmetic and Python We've already seen an example of a variable containing a number above in line seven spam underscore amount equals zero
We've already seen an example of a variable containing a number above in line seven spam underscore amount equals zero Number is a fine is a fine informal name for the kind of thing, but we wanted if we wanted to be more technical, we could ask Python how it would describe it describes the type of thing that is spam amount is in line eight type parentheses spam underscore amount parentheses out line eight
Number is a fine is a fine informal name for the kind of thing, but we wanted if we wanted to be more technical, we could ask Python how it would describe it describes the type of thing that is spam amount is in line eight type parentheses spam underscore amount parentheses out line eight Line eight int and it's an int short for integer there's some sort of number we commonly encounter in Python in nine type from the sea 19.95 parentheses out nine float
Line eight int and it's an int short for integer there's some sort of number we commonly encounter in Python in nine type from the sea 19.95 parentheses out nine float Low is a number with a decimal place very useful for representing things like weights or proportions type parentheses is a second built in function we've seen after print parentheses and it's a good thing to remember it's very useful to be able to ask Python what kind of thing is this a natural thing to want to do with numbers is perform arithmetic
Low is a number with a decimal place very useful for representing things like weights or proportions type parentheses is a second built in function we've seen after print parentheses and it's a good thing to remember it's very useful to be able to ask Python what kind of thing is this a natural thing to want to do with numbers is perform arithmetic We've seen the plus operator for addition and the asterisk operator for multiplication Python also has us covered with the rest of the basic buttons of your calculator
We've seen the plus operator for addition and the asterisk operator for multiplication Python also has us covered with the rest of the basic buttons of your calculator One interesting thing to observe is that whereas your calculator probably has one button for division Python can do two kinds true division, which is basically what your calculator does
One interesting thing to observe is that whereas your calculator probably has one button for division Python can do two kinds true division, which is basically what your calculator does I'm lost like I got lost like I kept reading you know maybe if I keep reading i'm going to figure out the answer on this and i'm just. Let me go back to the very beginning thing very beginning let's go
I'm lost like I got lost like I kept reading you know maybe if I keep reading i'm going to figure out the answer on this and i'm just. Let me go back to the very beginning thing very beginning let's go So there are no integers in the thing that we did like we did not declare an integer we did not use int anywhere got it. Okay so that's number seven. So spam equals zero is a number is fine for an informal name with the kind of thing
So there are no integers in the thing that we did like we did not declare an integer we did not use int anywhere got it. Okay so that's number seven. So spam equals zero is a number is fine for an informal name with the kind of thing But in line eight type span amount I do like look at the side by side hold on. I think what it's saying is it's saying in line a if you ask for the type of like what spam matters it's going to give you. So I think what it's trying to tell you is. Type is a really good way to figure out what your
But in line eight type span amount I do like look at the side by side hold on. I think what it's saying is it's saying in line a if you ask for the type of like what spam matters it's going to give you. So I think what it's trying to tell you is. Type is a really good way to figure out what your Current operators not operator one. Spam. Okay. Okay that does make sense for what Aaron said of honestly very complex way of showing data types but. Keeps opening that. So it's saying that spam amounts is a data type and it was showing that it was an integer. I'm not sure
Current operators not operator one. Spam. Okay. Okay that does make sense for what Aaron said of honestly very complex way of showing data types but. Keeps opening that. So it's saying that spam amounts is a data type and it was showing that it was an integer. I'm not sure I'm not sure. These are just types okay. All right well. We print can and line ten. Is this supposed to say in line ten right. And line ten or enter. Time is line ten right. Or just in code section. What is this. Ooh
I'm not sure. These are just types okay. All right well. We print can and line ten. Is this supposed to say in line ten right. And line ten or enter. Time is line ten right. Or just in code section. What is this. Ooh What is this. Ooh. It's a notebook maybe in notebook 10 11 maybe that's it maybe it's a notebook these are all little it a bitty Jupiter notebooks. No one backlash gives us oh is that true division but two backlashes give us. Rounded round in number okay. And a float. Is something with a decimal
What is this. Ooh. It's a notebook maybe in notebook 10 11 maybe that's it maybe it's a notebook these are all little it a bitty Jupiter notebooks. No one backlash gives us oh is that true division but two backlashes give us. Rounded round in number okay. And a float. Is something with a decimal No float has no decimal. I think. That's a lot of decimals and then. You correct no floats. Okay. Where do you think this could be useful. Calculator. I mean honestly and honestly like if we're just thinking of terms of data science it makes perfect sense for like back in
No float has no decimal. I think. That's a lot of decimals and then. You correct no floats. Okay. Where do you think this could be useful. Calculator. I mean honestly and honestly like if we're just thinking of terms of data science it makes perfect sense for like back in So if we're trying to calculate. Banking information or. Everything I'm thinking of involves money. That's the only thing that I could come up with is it would have to do with money. I mean. Maybe time. I feel like you wouldn't use. Points at that or maybe. Because I feel like time would be
So if we're trying to calculate. Banking information or. Everything I'm thinking of involves money. That's the only thing that I could come up with is it would have to do with money. I mean. Maybe time. I feel like you wouldn't use. Points at that or maybe. Because I feel like time would be No no no. Use in a different way. I don't know if you would use. Float for time. Maybe. Oh hey we get a. Talk about order of operations. Look at that. Look at us. So when we think about the order of operations. You risk arithmetic we learned in primary school has conventions
No no no. Use in a different way. I don't know if you would use. Float for time. Maybe. Oh hey we get a. Talk about order of operations. Look at that. Look at us. So when we think about the order of operations. You risk arithmetic we learned in primary school has conventions You mentioned about the order of operations. In which order of operations are evaluated. Some remember these by. Yeah, it's thematic. Monoc, such as PEMDES. PEMDES, Exponents, Modification, Division, Addition, Subjection. Python follows similar roles, which calculations perform first
You mentioned about the order of operations. In which order of operations are evaluated. Some remember these by. Yeah, it's thematic. Monoc, such as PEMDES. PEMDES, Exponents, Modification, Division, Addition, Subjection. Python follows similar roles, which calculations perform first They're mostly pretty intuitive. Order of operations, we've read this thing twice. And basically, it knows based on this, that it will do. I'm pausing because it says PEMDES is parentheses, Exponents, Modification, Flash, Division, Addition, Flash, Subjection
They're mostly pretty intuitive. Order of operations, we've read this thing twice. And basically, it knows based on this, that it will do. I'm pausing because it says PEMDES is parentheses, Exponents, Modification, Flash, Division, Addition, Flash, Subjection And because it says addition first there, I would have done addition of 3 plus 2, which is 5. And 8, 5 is 3. I would not have done subtracting first. So think about it like this. It says addition of subtraction, but it just means both of those are in the same level of when it can be used
And because it says addition first there, I would have done addition of 3 plus 2, which is 5. And 8, 5 is 3. I would not have done subtracting first. So think about it like this. It says addition of subtraction, but it just means both of those are in the same level of when it can be used So if they're both on the same line, it's just going left to right. I'm glad we talked about this because reading it, that's not something that would have clicked for me. Other than seeing that the outcome was different, is what made it go, oh, that's why. So just think of it as order of operation
So if they're both on the same line, it's just going left to right. I'm glad we talked about this because reading it, that's not something that would have clicked for me. Other than seeing that the outcome was different, is what made it go, oh, that's why. So just think of it as order of operation So addition and subtraction have the same order. So if parentheses is 1, Exponents is 2, Multiplication, Division, 3, and then addition of subtractions 4. And I feel like it makes enough sense for what they're saying here. Sometimes the default order of operations isn't what we want
So addition and subtraction have the same order. So if parentheses is 1, Exponents is 2, Multiplication, Division, 3, and then addition of subtractions 4. And I feel like it makes enough sense for what they're saying here. Sometimes the default order of operations isn't what we want Hat height, centimeters is 25. My hat height, centimeters is 190. In the comments, how tall am I in meters or my height? In centimeters is 190. How tall am I in meters wearing that hat? So total height meters equals hat height meters plus my height meters divided by 100
Hat height, centimeters is 25. My hat height, centimeters is 190. In the comments, how tall am I in meters or my height? In centimeters is 190. How tall am I in meters wearing that hat? So total height meters equals hat height meters plus my height meters divided by 100 Yeah, because they're doing centimeters. And they asked for meters of size. Thank you. Which is weird, because I don't know where they would divide by, oh, no, that's right. I'm tripping. So 100 centimeters go into one meter
Yeah, because they're doing centimeters. And they asked for meters of size. Thank you. Which is weird, because I don't know where they would divide by, oh, no, that's right. I'm tripping. So 100 centimeters go into one meter Do you see where they messed up at? Yeah, because since they didn't do parentheses, you would have divided my height, centimeters divided by 100, instead of doing the hat height plus my height before doing the division. Crushed it. Now that I knew what that division was for
Do you see where they messed up at? Yeah, because since they didn't do parentheses, you would have divided my height, centimeters divided by 100, instead of doing the hat height plus my height before doing the division. Crushed it. Now that I knew what that division was for Oh, yeah, and then they showed in 15 that they switched it. Built in functions. OK, I'm going to set popcorn to you, Damian. Because I've been popping that a lot. OK, built in functions for working with numbers. Men and Max return the minimum and maximum other arguments respectively. Respect
Oh, yeah, and then they showed in 15 that they switched it. Built in functions. OK, I'm going to set popcorn to you, Damian. Because I've been popping that a lot. OK, built in functions for working with numbers. Men and Max return the minimum and maximum other arguments respectively. Respect Respect. Print men 1, 2, 3. Print Max 1, 2, 3. 1 and 3. Apps returned absolute value of an argument. Print apps 32. Print apps negative 32. 32 and 32
Respect. Print men 1, 2, 3. Print Max 1, 2, 3. 1 and 3. Apps returned absolute value of an argument. Print apps 32. Print apps negative 32. 32 and 32 32 and 32. In addition to being names of pythons, two main numerables, and inflowed can be called as functions, which convert their arguments to the corresponding type. Print float 10, print and 3.33. They can even be called on strings. Print error print and 107 plus 1
32 and 32. In addition to being names of pythons, two main numerables, and inflowed can be called as functions, which convert their arguments to the corresponding type. Print float 10, print and 3.33. They can even be called on strings. Print error print and 107 plus 1 So float turns into print float turns into 10.0. Print and 333 turns into 3 and then print and string 0.807 plus 1 turns into 8. And as we talked earlier, I think argument me just thinking that it means like equation or whatever makes a lot more sense to me
So float turns into print float turns into 10.0. Print and 333 turns into 3 and then print and string 0.807 plus 1 turns into 8. And as we talked earlier, I think argument me just thinking that it means like equation or whatever makes a lot more sense to me But having to think back absolute value, that makes sense. And this all makes sense to me. Doesn't make sense to you. For the OK, cool. I think absolute is just like this is going to sound so dumb. I think absolute is an absolutely positive. It's your turn. Now is your chance
But having to think back absolute value, that makes sense. And this all makes sense to me. Doesn't make sense to you. For the OK, cool. I think absolute is just like this is going to sound so dumb. I think absolute is an absolutely positive. It's your turn. Now is your chance Now is your chance. Try your first Python programming. Yes. We have half an hour to do this. We can do this. Cool. All right. This is an exercise in your Python course. You can reference the tutorial in this link. Welcome to your first set of Python coding problems
Now is your chance. Try your first Python programming. Yes. We have half an hour to do this. We can do this. Cool. All right. This is an exercise in your Python course. You can reference the tutorial in this link. Welcome to your first set of Python coding problems If this is your first time using Kaggle Notebooks, welcome. Notebooks are composed of blocks called cells of text and code. Each of these is editable through though you'll mainly be editing the code cells to answer some of the questions
If this is your first time using Kaggle Notebooks, welcome. Notebooks are composed of blocks called cells of text and code. Each of these is editable through though you'll mainly be editing the code cells to answer some of the questions To get started, try running the code below by pressing the play button or clicking the cell by pressing control enter on your keyboard. I'm like, isn't this the same? Aren't these Jupyter Notebooks? And also, where's my play button? You're playing buttons at the top
To get started, try running the code below by pressing the play button or clicking the cell by pressing control enter on your keyboard. I'm like, isn't this the same? Aren't these Jupyter Notebooks? And also, where's my play button? You're playing buttons at the top But is it going to run all of them or just the first one? There's one for run all of them, but then there's one for run current. Yeah. If I click into the cell, it'll play it. Play session starting. Waiting for Jupyter. Try adding another line of code and running it
But is it going to run all of them or just the first one? There's one for run all of them, but then there's one for run current. Yeah. If I click into the cell, it'll play it. Play session starting. Waiting for Jupyter. Try adding another line of code and running it Is this working for anybody else? First of all. Wow. That took a minute. You've successfully run some Python code. Congratulations. Try adding another line of code in the cell above and re-running it. Well, we will do this. Thank you. Thanks. Did you do? Hello. Hello. You just a human
Is this working for anybody else? First of all. Wow. That took a minute. You've successfully run some Python code. Congratulations. Try adding another line of code in the cell above and re-running it. Well, we will do this. Thank you. Thanks. Did you do? Hello. Hello. You just a human You just a human. Out of curiosity, I'm just going to try this now because I've never tried it. I don't know if I can put it in a mode. And I'm all at K. Did you all know Kaperna Mojee's? That is really exciting. I feel like everyone but us two have Kaperna Mojee's
You just a human. Out of curiosity, I'm just going to try this now because I've never tried it. I don't know if I can put it in a mode. And I'm all at K. Did you all know Kaperna Mojee's? That is really exciting. I feel like everyone but us two have Kaperna Mojee's Yeah, I'm pretty sure nobody else cares if it can put in emojis. I'm really excited about it. Kaperna Mojee's. All right. Now it's time to get the little fancier
Yeah, I'm pretty sure nobody else cares if it can put in emojis. I'm really excited about it. Kaperna Mojee's. All right. Now it's time to get the little fancier Add a new one of new code cell by clicking an existing code cell, hitting the escape key, and then hitting A or B key, A key will add a cell to the current cell, the B key adds a cell below. Okay. Back to my name. And Mojee's weren't normal text
Add a new one of new code cell by clicking an existing code cell, hitting the escape key, and then hitting A or B key, A key will add a cell to the current cell, the B key adds a cell below. Okay. Back to my name. And Mojee's weren't normal text I mean, I don't think emojis are in any text either because I write technical content and I still want to put emojis in it. I have to be told, Jen, you're not putting even emojis in your stuff. It's not a serious look. But people need to feel the emotion. They don't. All right
I mean, I don't think emojis are in any text either because I write technical content and I still want to put emojis in it. I have to be told, Jen, you're not putting even emojis in your stuff. It's not a serious look. But people need to feel the emotion. They don't. All right All right. Yay! I created a new cell block and I'm going to keep scrolling down. Amy and did you get your new cell block? Yeah. I put it above. Code cell. Okay
All right. Yay! I created a new cell block and I'm going to keep scrolling down. Amy and did you get your new cell block? Yeah. I put it above. Code cell. Okay Code cell. Okay. Each hands on exercise starts by setting up our feedback and code checking mechanism, run the code cell below to do that, then you'll be ready to move on to question zero. Okay. Set up complete. You're ready to start question zero. Okay. All you. How according to you? Okay
Code cell. Okay. Each hands on exercise starts by setting up our feedback and code checking mechanism, run the code cell below to do that, then you'll be ready to move on to question zero. Okay. Set up complete. You're ready to start question zero. Okay. All you. How according to you? Okay This is a silly question. Instead of the introduction to the format we use for hands on exercises throughout all cable courses. What is your favorite color to complete this question? Create a variable color in the cell below with the appropriate value
This is a silly question. Instead of the introduction to the format we use for hands on exercises throughout all cable courses. What is your favorite color to complete this question? Create a variable color in the cell below with the appropriate value The function called Q zero dot check parentheses, which we've already provided in the cell below. We'll check the answer. Okay. Um. And now for this. Amy you. correct. That's cool. You should do this. I think I'd even more incorrect. Oops. I did a print. I should have done print
The function called Q zero dot check parentheses, which we've already provided in the cell below. We'll check the answer. Okay. Um. And now for this. Amy you. correct. That's cool. You should do this. I think I'd even more incorrect. Oops. I did a print. I should have done print I didn't go there with the Oscar dean. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Special cases, special. Well. Yes. It says incorrect, but it printed green. I'm not sure. It's not. It's not. It's not
I didn't go there with the Oscar dean. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Special cases, special. Well. Yes. It says incorrect, but it printed green. I'm not sure. It's not. It's not. It's not It's not. It's not. Because there's a space. Because there's a space. Because there's a space. Because there's a space. And correct. Why is it incorrect? Very variable color with an appropriate value on the line below. Remember. Remember. So, And correct. Yeah. I don't think that is correct
It's not. It's not. Because there's a space. Because there's a space. Because there's a space. Because there's a space. And correct. Why is it incorrect? Very variable color with an appropriate value on the line below. Remember. Remember. So, And correct. Yeah. I don't think that is correct And correct. Believe the pond, And the line below to make one of the lines ran. Room CAP hong is called uncommenting. And. Uh. And the line below. Oh, hint. We can get a hint. So I will ask for a hint here. Your favorite color rhymes with glue. My favorite color is not blue. So no
And correct. Believe the pond, And the line below to make one of the lines ran. Room CAP hong is called uncommenting. And. Uh. And the line below. Oh, hint. We can get a hint. So I will ask for a hint here. Your favorite color rhymes with glue. My favorite color is not blue. So no So no. I'm asking for the solution. Are you ready to ask for the solution? I swear to god if it says blue. Go ahead. It is. Why put it? Why would you? We did it right. What is your favorite color? Purple. My favorite color is green
So no. I'm asking for the solution. Are you ready to ask for the solution? I swear to god if it says blue. Go ahead. It is. Why put it? Why would you? We did it right. What is your favorite color? Purple. My favorite color is green I think it's more frustrating but there is a correct answer for color. Instead of it. It's a money Python, my friends. Yeah. Yeah. That could have been a very easy. That could have been a great hint. Instead of saying. It should have given out the entire saying of
I think it's more frustrating but there is a correct answer for color. Instead of it. It's a money Python, my friends. Yeah. Yeah. That could have been a very easy. That could have been a great hint. Instead of saying. It should have given out the entire saying of Or like in reference to the movie money Python. Yeah. What is your favorite color in monty Python? What is their favorite color? Okay. Now that we're overbiting. Or they could have said, hey, you've come to a bridge. A man asks you, what is your favorite color? Another solid reference. Yeah
Or like in reference to the movie money Python. Yeah. What is your favorite color in monty Python? What is their favorite color? Okay. Now that we're overbiting. Or they could have said, hey, you've come to a bridge. A man asks you, what is your favorite color? Another solid reference. Yeah Yeah. Kaggle. Yeah. This makes me a grumpy duck. But I like the rest of it. So I'm going to continue on. Okay. One. Complete the code below. Create a variable called radius equal to half the diameter. Create a variable called area using the formula of the area circle pi times the radius squared
Yeah. Kaggle. Yeah. This makes me a grumpy duck. But I like the rest of it. So I'm going to continue on. Okay. One. Complete the code below. Create a variable called radius equal to half the diameter. Create a variable called area using the formula of the area circle pi times the radius squared Oh, I thought we're going to do it one at a time. But yes. Yeah. Well, yes, do it one at a time. This makes me a little bit more. Okay. Radius equals 0.5 times. Well, I guess it's. So I am bitter divided by two. And then this one is called area equals. I have a circle pi times radius squared
Oh, I thought we're going to do it one at a time. But yes. Yeah. Well, yes, do it one at a time. This makes me a little bit more. Okay. Radius equals 0.5 times. Well, I guess it's. So I am bitter divided by two. And then this one is called area equals. I have a circle pi times radius squared Oh, I don't know how to do. I mean, area. Wait, radius squared is double multiplication. Let's get you now. Times times two. Correct. Yes. When it's actually doing what's on the screen, we got it right. All right. On to question two. How many questions are there? All right. There's four questions
Oh, I don't know how to do. I mean, area. Wait, radius squared is double multiplication. Let's get you now. Times times two. Correct. Yes. When it's actually doing what's on the screen, we got it right. All right. On to question two. How many questions are there? All right. There's four questions We. I feel like we got this. Yeah. I'm going to read it. Okay. Add to the code cell by swapping variables a and b so that a refers to the object previously referred to by b and vice versa. Set up the code. Do not touch this part
We. I feel like we got this. Yeah. I'm going to read it. Okay. Add to the code cell by swapping variables a and b so that a refers to the object previously referred to by b and vice versa. Set up the code. Do not touch this part If you're curious, these examples of lists will talk about them in death and a few lessons from now. For now, just know that there are yet another type of Python object like int or float. Your code goes here, swap the values. It goes over the values
If you're curious, these examples of lists will talk about them in death and a few lessons from now. For now, just know that there are yet another type of Python object like int or float. Your code goes here, swap the values. It goes over the values And then it says your code goes here, swap the values to which a and b refer. If you get stuck, you can always uncomment one or both the lines in the next cell for a hint or pick a solution. Right. What? Swap values. Which and b refer. Oops. Space
And then it says your code goes here, swap the values to which a and b refer. If you get stuck, you can always uncomment one or both the lines in the next cell for a hint or pick a solution. Right. What? Swap values. Which and b refer. Oops. Space Oops. Space. This just makes me want to copy and paste them and just switch them. Yeah. I mean, you're smarter than me. You copy and paste it. I typed it all out. Whoa. I got a very, very long hint. They want you to use the variables to swap them rather than try and list out yourself. A equal
Oops. Space. This just makes me want to copy and paste them and just switch them. Yeah. I mean, you're smarter than me. You copy and paste it. I typed it all out. Whoa. I got a very, very long hint. They want you to use the variables to swap them rather than try and list out yourself. A equal A equal. Yeah. Yeah. What? Is because I have to eat. I don't think this is right either. I don't think this is right either. I'm going to ask for a hint. Oh, I think I can understand it. I use the third. Oh. So A should equal C. B should equal A. And then A should go back to you. No, no, no, no
A equal. Yeah. Yeah. What? Is because I have to eat. I don't think this is right either. I don't think this is right either. I'm going to ask for a hint. Oh, I think I can understand it. I use the third. Oh. So A should equal C. B should equal A. And then A should go back to you. No, no, no, no No, no, no, no. B should equal C. And then A should equal B at the end. I think. Or I just broke the entire group. I have to be able to put C first. C equals. E equals a. I'm like, wait, which one of my typing out? Yeah. Three. And. They have the same. If you raise one. B'd A first
No, no, no, no. B should equal C. And then A should equal B at the end. I think. Or I just broke the entire group. I have to be able to put C first. C equals. E equals a. I'm like, wait, which one of my typing out? Yeah. Three. And. They have the same. If you raise one. B'd A first B'd A first. They're both equal. When you do. Yeah. Yeah. C equals A. I think. Order of operations. Okay. Got it. Jesus. C equals A. And then. A equals B. And then B equals C. But when are you defining C? You the first, the very first thing you do is define C. C equals A
B'd A first. They're both equal. When you do. Yeah. Yeah. C equals A. I think. Order of operations. Okay. Got it. Jesus. C equals A. And then. A equals B. And then B equals C. But when are you defining C? You the first, the very first thing you do is define C. C equals A C equals A. So you're temporarily making C equal to a. A changes from being what it used to be to B. And then in the end, B becomes C again. Or B becomes A by becoming C. If that makes sense. I guess. That's like the cup game. It makes sense, but it doesn't make sense to me because it's like
C equals A. So you're temporarily making C equal to a. A changes from being what it used to be to B. And then in the end, B becomes C again. Or B becomes A by becoming C. If that makes sense. I guess. That's like the cup game. It makes sense, but it doesn't make sense to me because it's like Wouldn't that just repeat what we were just doing when we said B equals A and A equals B? But adding that third variable, why doesn't it replace it? So like. Why doesn't it cause a bigger loop? So think of it like this because there's an order of operation. It there's no loop because it says
Wouldn't that just repeat what we were just doing when we said B equals A and A equals B? But adding that third variable, why doesn't it replace it? So like. Why doesn't it cause a bigger loop? So think of it like this because there's an order of operation. It there's no loop because it says This equals this. We take this out and move it. So this is now equal to. A or C is now a. You take C or you take A and you make it equal to B. A is now copy of B. You take B and you have it equal to C
This equals this. We take this out and move it. So this is now equal to. A or C is now a. You take C or you take A and you make it equal to B. A is now copy of B. You take B and you have it equal to C So now copy of A, but there's no loop in that because it's not we're not asking us to do it again. Since that's the last operation. That's the last thing we asked the computer. Okay. I'm going to. I'm going to say yes. What you guys are saying makes sense. It's like just
So now copy of A, but there's no loop in that because it's not we're not asking us to do it again. Since that's the last operation. That's the last thing we asked the computer. Okay. I'm going to. I'm going to say yes. What you guys are saying makes sense. It's like just It's like just. Behind the scenes getting into ketchup. Like part of it makes very sense to me, but part of it is just hard to accept. I don't know if that makes sense. But. Okay. I don't know why it says TMP. Oh. Yeah. We demystify a bit. Oh, two pulls
It's like just. Behind the scenes getting into ketchup. Like part of it makes very sense to me, but part of it is just hard to accept. I don't know if that makes sense. But. Okay. I don't know why it says TMP. Oh. Yeah. We demystify a bit. Oh, two pulls Oh, two pulls. Hey, that's what a J was talking about last week. I like that intuition will come with practice. Yes. I think that's the hardest thing with learning to code is it's like having to rewire. I think that's the hardest thing to do. But. All right. We have 14 minutes. Let's do this
Oh, two pulls. Hey, that's what a J was talking about last week. I like that intuition will come with practice. Yes. I think that's the hardest thing with learning to code is it's like having to rewire. I think that's the hardest thing to do. But. All right. We have 14 minutes. Let's do this Let's do this. I have parentheses to the following expressions. So that equals one. Got that. Let's go. Well, let's make sure I got that because I think I got it, but you know, pressure. Yay. Actually didn't type it yet. Oh. Okay. Three B. This is a pepper. Spicy question
Let's do this. I have parentheses to the following expressions. So that equals one. Got that. Let's go. Well, let's make sure I got that because I think I got it, but you know, pressure. Yay. Actually didn't type it yet. Oh. Okay. Three B. This is a pepper. Spicy question Spicy question. Marked spicy pepper because it's a bit harder. I've heard the season the following expression to make it equal zero. Okay. Okay. I kind of just want to. I'm going to read the read the seas because it looks fun. So I'm honestly not looking at this. I just want to see what. I'm
Spicy question. Marked spicy pepper because it's a bit harder. I've heard the season the following expression to make it equal zero. Okay. Okay. I kind of just want to. I'm going to read the read the seas because it looks fun. So I'm honestly not looking at this. I just want to see what. I'm I'm. That was definitely not it. It's also just kind of fun to. This is definitely not it, but it was also really fun to do it. I'm. Hi, Tim. Thanks for joining us. We'll be here next week. Same time. Same bad time. Same bad network. Oh, I did it
I'm. That was definitely not it. It's also just kind of fun to. This is definitely not it, but it was also really fun to do it. I'm. Hi, Tim. Thanks for joining us. We'll be here next week. Same time. Same bad time. Same bad network. Oh, I did it Oh, I did it. So I did it without meaning to do it because I was just trying to put parentheses in random places. Jesus, Jen, that's not how it's supposed to work. I'm not. So six minus eight
Oh, I did it. So I did it without meaning to do it because I was just trying to put parentheses in random places. Jesus, Jen, that's not how it's supposed to work. I'm not. So six minus eight So six minus eight. I just got to say, like putting part of the season random places is a great place to start trying to learn to do stuff. I agree. But at the same time, what have this have been like 20 characters long? It would have taken me longer to guess. Fair enough. I'm. All right. Let's
So six minus eight. I just got to say, like putting part of the season random places is a great place to start trying to learn to do stuff. I agree. But at the same time, what have this have been like 20 characters long? It would have taken me longer to guess. Fair enough. I'm. All right. Let's All right. Let's. Let's scroll down to four. It's the last one. All right. Alice Bob and Carol. There's a mid thing missing common. Have agreed to pull their Halloween candy and split it. You lay amongst themselves for the sake of their friendship. Any candy left over will be smashed
All right. Let's. Let's scroll down to four. It's the last one. All right. Alice Bob and Carol. There's a mid thing missing common. Have agreed to pull their Halloween candy and split it. You lay amongst themselves for the sake of their friendship. Any candy left over will be smashed What kind of weird. So they get fully equal. And they get a lot of candy. What kind of. Okay
What kind of weird. So they get fully equal. And they get a lot of candy. What kind of. Okay What kind of. Okay. Any candies that's over we smash for the for example, if they collect, if they bring home 91 candies and you take very and smash one with arithmetic expression below calculate how many candies they must smash for a given hole
What kind of. Okay. Any candies that's over we smash for the for example, if they collect, if they bring home 91 candies and you take very and smash one with arithmetic expression below calculate how many candies they must smash for a given hole I'm trying to figure out what kind of weird suicide pack friendship that they have that they just can't like give away the candies or like break the candy so they can have equal. And they can't give away the candy. And they can't give away the candy
I'm trying to figure out what kind of weird suicide pack friendship that they have that they just can't like give away the candies or like break the candy so they can have equal. And they can't give away the candy. And they can't give away the candy You know what? They don't have a gen in their life that will just follow them around until they give them candy. Your code goes here replace the right hand side of some. Yeah. What's. Can you print an equation? I don't know. Yes. I just want to know the answer not check. I guess. Okay, you're not
You know what? They don't have a gen in their life that will just follow them around until they give them candy. Your code goes here replace the right hand side of some. Yeah. What's. Can you print an equation? I don't know. Yes. I just want to know the answer not check. I guess. Okay, you're not Okay, you're not. Can we math this really quick? Make me not want to use. Okay, fine. We will. I'm going to put it up on my phone. Um, I was no joke going to just do spotlight search and just like add them all. So that way it gave me. 307. Okay. Thanks
Okay, you're not. Can we math this really quick? Make me not want to use. Okay, fine. We will. I'm going to put it up on my phone. Um, I was no joke going to just do spotlight search and just like add them all. So that way it gave me. 307. Okay. Thanks 307. Okay. Thanks. See, I'm doing it before him because I'm like. I don't really think you have to know the like the exact amount in order to do it. Okay. Um. No, we're going to get a bracket and I mean the bracket. And that's fair. Thank you. Let's see. No, I mean, I'm going to. I. I. I. I. I. I
307. Okay. Thanks. See, I'm doing it before him because I'm like. I don't really think you have to know the like the exact amount in order to do it. Okay. Um. No, we're going to get a bracket and I mean the bracket. And that's fair. Thank you. Let's see. No, I mean, I'm going to. I. I. I. I. I. I I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. Okay, so I will do this. Okay, divided by three. I. If you need to reset my car. We've updated your starter code. Check. Um. I. I. I feel like anybody watching us do this. This is creamy at the computer screen or no. I don't even know how do you reset your kernel. You're
I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. Okay, so I will do this. Okay, divided by three. I. If you need to reset my car. We've updated your starter code. Check. Um. I. I. I feel like anybody watching us do this. This is creamy at the computer screen or no. I don't even know how do you reset your kernel. You're You're. We talked about. I told it. I told it something and it's not going to forget what I told it. Oh, okay. So. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you for. I'm breaking. I don't know. I don't know how I did that. What do we need it each candy? Yes, we're starting clear
You're. We talked about. I told it. I told it something and it's not going to forget what I told it. Oh, okay. So. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you for. I'm breaking. I don't know. I don't know how I did that. What do we need it each candy? Yes, we're starting clear I'm going to run from the top. You shift them to one. And now it went to two. Three. I find. I'm from the top. Okay. I'm going to run from the top. It happens in our workshops sometimes. Okay. Well, we're going to get this right. If I'm re running everything, look at the right answer. Correct
I'm going to run from the top. You shift them to one. And now it went to two. Three. I find. I'm from the top. Okay. I'm going to run from the top. It happens in our workshops sometimes. Okay. Well, we're going to get this right. If I'm re running everything, look at the right answer. Correct Correct. You shouldn't be correct. Okay. I'm going to think like I know the answer. I don't get paid on the answer. Yeah. Hey. Did you get it? No, I just got. I just got what it was arguing with me about. So you. Question. I think it's not going to like this because. Okay. So. Okay
Correct. You shouldn't be correct. Okay. I'm going to think like I know the answer. I don't get paid on the answer. Yeah. Hey. Did you get it? No, I just got. I just got what it was arguing with me about. So you. Question. I think it's not going to like this because. Okay. So. Okay Okay. So. Okay. Why are you printing? To see the answer. Okay. Yes. Maybe. Okay. Okay. Okay. I got three minutes before I got to jump all this. I'm going to get in three minutes because I want to get in three minutes. I don't know. I'm going to get a hint. I'm looking at a hint. Okay
Okay. So. Okay. Why are you printing? To see the answer. Okay. Yes. Maybe. Okay. Okay. Okay. I got three minutes before I got to jump all this. I'm going to get in three minutes because I want to get in three minutes. I don't know. I'm going to get a hint. I'm looking at a hint. Okay Okay. Module operator. You probably want to use a module modellow operator percentage. It wasn't shown up above. I know. Oh, the one we think of is something we're not even referencing to. Okay. So you're not going to get that. Okay. Yes. Wait. Oh, I'm a doctor. I'm a. I'm. In your
Okay. Module operator. You probably want to use a module modellow operator percentage. It wasn't shown up above. I know. Oh, the one we think of is something we're not even referencing to. Okay. So you're not going to get that. Okay. Yes. Wait. Oh, I'm a doctor. I'm a. I'm. In your I'm. In your. In your reminder, after a division of a by. Oh, that's so. That's so perfect. That's actually exactly what we're looking for. I. I'm going to get a hint. I said it. Oh, because I missed an answer. You're right. Uh-huh. That's right
I'm. In your. In your reminder, after a division of a by. Oh, that's so. That's so perfect. That's actually exactly what we're looking for. I. I'm going to get a hint. I said it. Oh, because I missed an answer. You're right. Uh-huh. That's right That's right. What did you get? How did you get it? Um, you know, I'm going to share my screen. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to share my screen. I'm going to share my screen. So where you have where you have two smash, remove two smash. Okay. Because you're changing the two smash at the bottom
That's right. What did you get? How did you get it? Um, you know, I'm going to share my screen. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to share my screen. I'm going to share my screen. So where you have where you have two smash, remove two smash. Okay. Because you're changing the two smash at the bottom So what I have is my code says total candy equals Alice candy, plus Bob candy, plus Carol candies, which is what you have for yum candies. You also need parentheses, I believe. And then I know the yum candies equation. I believe you need that in parentheses. So yum candies equals
So what I have is my code says total candy equals Alice candy, plus Bob candy, plus Carol candies, which is what you have for yum candies. You also need parentheses, I believe. And then I know the yum candies equation. I believe you need that in parentheses. So yum candies equals How about it was adding earlier. Okay. As you were earlier. My next line, I have each candy, which would be yum candies for you equals total candy, which is yum candies for you. So make a new variable. Instead of yum candies
How about it was adding earlier. Okay. As you were earlier. My next line, I have each candy, which would be yum candies for you equals total candy, which is yum candies for you. So make a new variable. Instead of yum candies I'm sorry in front of you on candies in front of you on candies make a new variable. Oh, but. Whatever you want. Everyone's candies team candies. Okay. And then. That equals yum candies with the modular three and then two smash should equal. This is silly, which is what I have
I'm sorry in front of you on candies in front of you on candies make a new variable. Oh, but. Whatever you want. Everyone's candies team candies. Okay. And then. That equals yum candies with the modular three and then two smash should equal. This is silly, which is what I have So you have to put it in. No, just just remove the negative one and just put your variable. The color variable and right on right. We got it. Okay. Okay. Um, well, I totally have to jump to the ball. Yep. I'm really glad to see you. We got it. We got it. I'm really proud of us
So you have to put it in. No, just just remove the negative one and just put your variable. The color variable and right on right. We got it. Okay. Okay. Um, well, I totally have to jump to the ball. Yep. I'm really glad to see you. We got it. We got it. I'm really proud of us And thank you and sweep. And sweep you should like join us for all of them ever. I am going to raid your. Actually, let's go alone with Jason. And tell Jason hi for me. Yes, how do I rate? Oh, no, you're offline. Just kidding. I just said you were live. You're not live now. Okay. We'll do
And thank you and sweep. And sweep you should like join us for all of them ever. I am going to raid your. Actually, let's go alone with Jason. And tell Jason hi for me. Yes, how do I rate? Oh, no, you're offline. Just kidding. I just said you were live. You're not live now. Okay. We'll do Okay. We'll do. I'll death for. We'll start raid. Tell them hi. And right now. Yeah. Okay. That makes more sense, Vinnie, because I'm like to. WTF. Uh, right now. Okay. Bye, everyone. Still.
Okay. We'll do. I'll death for. We'll start raid. Tell them hi. And right now. Yeah. Okay. That makes more sense, Vinnie, because I'm like to. WTF. Uh, right now. Okay. Bye, everyone. Still.