We're gonna go live and we're live! At least I didn't do the random thing like last time. You did last time? Yeah. Yeah. What did Tady on the entire situation, huh? That was great though. Like it definitely threw the two of you for a loop. It definitely had some interruption And hello, hello, beautiful human. Oh. I hear my voice somewhere. Hold on. Oh, you had a voice. Yeah. I hate that when you have to keep the streams going. So that way you can see what's going on. But like when they come up, they echo. It's like, no, no, I don't want to hear myself
And hello, hello, beautiful human. Oh. I hear my voice somewhere. Hold on. Oh, you had a voice. Yeah. I hate that when you have to keep the streams going. So that way you can see what's going on. But like when they come up, they echo. It's like, no, no, I don't want to hear myself I just want to pay attention to the chat. But okay, I think they are good now. Yay. All right. So we are going to see if we can go through. We are going to do. Kaggle chapter three. Part three. Part three. Yay. And see if we can do it in an hour. I think we can. It looks like it's much shorter
I just want to pay attention to the chat. But okay, I think they are good now. Yay. All right. So we are going to see if we can go through. We are going to do. Kaggle chapter three. Part three. Part three. Yay. And see if we can do it in an hour. I think we can. It looks like it's much shorter Don't do that to us. Don't do that to us. What you're going to say is I think we can do it in an hour. And it's going to take longer. I mean, it's only bullions. I guess I mean, like it can be rough. I mean, it's like a lot of scrolls. Like, it's a lot of scrolls
Don't do that to us. Don't do that to us. What you're going to say is I think we can do it in an hour. And it's going to take longer. I mean, it's only bullions. I guess I mean, like it can be rough. I mean, it's like a lot of scrolls. Like, it's a lot of scrolls Well, we'll see, but like, hello Python. Like the first chapter, like, it's just it's a lot of scrolls. Like, this is, this is a lot of scrolls. And then chapter two. Also, a lot of scrolls. Like, maybe more scrolls than chapter one
Well, we'll see, but like, hello Python. Like the first chapter, like, it's just it's a lot of scrolls. Like, this is, this is a lot of scrolls. And then chapter two. Also, a lot of scrolls. Like, maybe more scrolls than chapter one But chapter three, which maybe it is it's maybe this is most complicated, is like, not. Maybe it is. Maybe my scroll power is different for everyone. Your scroll power so strong. It's just transcending time and space and it makes it faster. Yes. Yes
But chapter three, which maybe it is it's maybe this is most complicated, is like, not. Maybe it is. Maybe my scroll power is different for everyone. Your scroll power so strong. It's just transcending time and space and it makes it faster. Yes. Yes Yes. Yes. Who knew scroll power is like the new thing for, you know, how to judge how complicated something would be. It's not. But, Yay. Let me. Grab the information for us. Hello everybody watching can. Join us. Follow along. Click the things. Let me go into the chat. There's so many chats
Yes. Yes. Who knew scroll power is like the new thing for, you know, how to judge how complicated something would be. It's not. But, Yay. Let me. Grab the information for us. Hello everybody watching can. Join us. Follow along. Click the things. Let me go into the chat. There's so many chats We got to go to the different chats. It's. You don't have to apologize everyone, because I'm a little tired. So I'm going to be a little loopy today. Why are you apologizing? I'll just make it more entertaining. Fair enough. Okay. Let's see. And we based on LinkedIn
We got to go to the different chats. It's. You don't have to apologize everyone, because I'm a little tired. So I'm going to be a little loopy today. Why are you apologizing? I'll just make it more entertaining. Fair enough. Okay. Let's see. And we based on LinkedIn And we're streaming for the first time. Since we started doing this on YouTube. So we'll see how that goes. Apparently we have to do this as multiple links on YouTube though. That's fun. How interesting. We will shortly. Oh, it like got rid of the spaces too. Yeah, that's annoying. Okay
And we're streaming for the first time. Since we started doing this on YouTube. So we'll see how that goes. Apparently we have to do this as multiple links on YouTube though. That's fun. How interesting. We will shortly. Oh, it like got rid of the spaces too. Yeah, that's annoying. Okay Okay. Well, YouTube, I will post it later once it has more viewers, because no one's there yet, which makes it easy. But here it is for a twitch. Yay. All right. So. Bullions and conditionals. Before this. And this, I think, goes back to our Matthew things
Okay. Well, YouTube, I will post it later once it has more viewers, because no one's there yet, which makes it easy. But here it is for a twitch. Yay. All right. So. Bullions and conditionals. Before this. And this, I think, goes back to our Matthew things Do you know what bullions are? I want to say yes, but you know, I'm going to go with no. I'm going to go with no. I'm going to go with no. What up learner? I'm just curious if it. I don't think it tells us what a bullion is. Yeah. It's a type of variable called a bull. Oh, yeah, but I don't
Do you know what bullions are? I want to say yes, but you know, I'm going to go with no. I'm going to go with no. I'm going to go with no. What up learner? I'm just curious if it. I don't think it tells us what a bullion is. Yeah. It's a type of variable called a bull. Oh, yeah, but I don't You don't like it. Trust your instincts. Yes. Let's hear it, Damian. Okay. My instincts tell me to read this. And it's going to tell me exactly what a bullion is. That's what my success. I think it's going to be a bull. I don't know. I don't know if it's a bull
You don't like it. Trust your instincts. Yes. Let's hear it, Damian. Okay. My instincts tell me to read this. And it's going to tell me exactly what a bullion is. That's what my success. I think it's going to be a bull. I don't know. I don't know if it's a bull I thought it was a type of variable called a bull. It has two possible values. True and false. Boom. Forget it. It was a bullion. It's. It goes up. But what it comes to that. I don't, did you know what a bullion is before. Like reading in general. Reading in general. But I'm reading this
I thought it was a type of variable called a bull. It has two possible values. True and false. Boom. Forget it. It was a bullion. It's. It goes up. But what it comes to that. I don't, did you know what a bullion is before. Like reading in general. Reading in general. But I'm reading this Because I don't. Yeah, what example of a bullion? Oh, it's just true or false. Okay. Okay. How did we not going down that downward spiral of why is it called a bullion if it's true or false? If somebody else wants to do that research, go for it
Because I don't. Yeah, what example of a bullion? Oh, it's just true or false. Okay. Okay. How did we not going down that downward spiral of why is it called a bullion if it's true or false? If somebody else wants to do that research, go for it I think trust you, it's the most wild thing I've ever heard when it comes to this because it's like learning any language, like, hey, believe in yourself. I'm like, that seems like it'll give me in trouble. Or break as much shit as you can while you try to figure it out
I think trust you, it's the most wild thing I've ever heard when it comes to this because it's like learning any language, like, hey, believe in yourself. I'm like, that seems like it'll give me in trouble. Or break as much shit as you can while you try to figure it out That's what I've been doing lately. But so if x equals true, print x type, print type x. Okay. That seems pretty self-explanatory. Okay. Okay. And then rather than putting true or false directly in our code, we usually get bullion values from bullion operators
That's what I've been doing lately. But so if x equals true, print x type, print type x. Okay. That seems pretty self-explanatory. Okay. Okay. And then rather than putting true or false directly in our code, we usually get bullion values from bullion operators These operators that answer yes, no questions will go through some of these operators below. This, I remember this being very confusing to me, of like, why does a equal equal b need to be? Okay. So maybe it was j. I think equal equals is like absolute equals. Okay. It's three equals
These operators that answer yes, no questions will go through some of these operators below. This, I remember this being very confusing to me, of like, why does a equal equal b need to be? Okay. So maybe it was j. I think equal equals is like absolute equals. Okay. It's three equals It's three equals. But it's like a difference between like, hey, this equals it for an hour versus like, no, this is it. This is now it. Oh, interesting. I think. Fair enough. Again, loopy. So I just be making things up. I mean, I'm trusting my instincts
It's three equals. But it's like a difference between like, hey, this equals it for an hour versus like, no, this is it. This is now it. Oh, interesting. I think. Fair enough. Again, loopy. So I just be making things up. I mean, I'm trusting my instincts That's the, I feel like it's it's pretty valid. And I think that's why I don't. Yeah. I will say my favorite description though is the operation a exclamation equals b because it's called a bang. And that makes me very happy. It's called a bang. Exhumations are called bangs. All right. Learner
That's the, I feel like it's it's pretty valid. And I think that's why I don't. Yeah. I will say my favorite description though is the operation a exclamation equals b because it's called a bang. And that makes me very happy. It's called a bang. Exhumations are called bangs. All right. Learner All right. Learner. Stop me if I'm wrong. I'm pretty sure that's what it means to bang. And if I'm making it up, I'm making it bang from going forward even though I'm not I feel well, you're learning Python right now. So we should make it a thing
All right. Learner. Stop me if I'm wrong. I'm pretty sure that's what it means to bang. And if I'm making it up, I'm making it bang from going forward even though I'm not I feel well, you're learning Python right now. So we should make it a thing And so you are Python code because you're learning Python. Just saying it works. It makes sense to me. I will read these out so you don't have to take it. So comparison operations, operation a equals equals b description a equals to b. Operation a less than b equals a less than b
And so you are Python code because you're learning Python. Just saying it works. It makes sense to me. I will read these out so you don't have to take it. So comparison operations, operation a equals equals b description a equals to b. Operation a less than b equals a less than b Operation a less than or equal to b equals a less than or equal to b. Operation a bang equal b a not equal to b operation a greater than b means a is greater than b Operation A greater than or equal to B means A is greater than or equal to B
Operation a less than or equal to b equals a less than or equal to b. Operation a bang equal b a not equal to b operation a greater than b means a is greater than b Operation A greater than or equal to B means A is greater than or equal to B Learner just said the first line of Python script could be a Chebeng a line starting with pounds. Exclamation point. So you can make a Chebeng, Chebeng bang? Wow. Listen, everyone should be old enough to know who Ricky Martin is. I know, but it was like bringing bringing it back. Um
Learner just said the first line of Python script could be a Chebeng a line starting with pounds. Exclamation point. So you can make a Chebeng, Chebeng bang? Wow. Listen, everyone should be old enough to know who Ricky Martin is. I know, but it was like bringing bringing it back. Um Um. Is mom though number five Ricky Martin? No, no, that's a very specific. Anyway, I've been hearing mom, but number five everywhere. So that is why I know it's from Lou Vega. And I've been hearing mom, but number five everywhere. Interesting. Something like. Interesting
Um. Is mom though number five Ricky Martin? No, no, that's a very specific. Anyway, I've been hearing mom, but number five everywhere. So that is why I know it's from Lou Vega. And I've been hearing mom, but number five everywhere. Interesting. Something like. Interesting Interesting. Okay, I don't know how to say that out loud. So I'm just going to show it on the screen. Bam. And this is what learner teaches us. And I don't want to try saying that out loud today. Because we're trying to do this dream within an hour
Interesting. Okay, I don't know how to say that out loud. So I'm just going to show it on the screen. Bam. And this is what learner teaches us. And I don't want to try saying that out loud today. Because we're trying to do this dream within an hour It's also because I'm going out of town and Damien needs sleep. So sleep sort of week. I'm just going to play with my dog. Well, you do need sleep. Okay. So. This is an hour and significant. eine<|cs|> Fusion. Define practices. Define. Can you. Maybe
It's also because I'm going out of town and Damien needs sleep. So sleep sort of week. I'm just going to play with my dog. Well, you do need sleep. Okay. So. This is an hour and significant. eine<|cs|> Fusion. Define practices. Define. Can you. Maybe Can you. Maybe. can a 45 year old run for president, can run for president 45. And then the answer is, can a 19 year old run for president false, can a 45 year old run for president true? 35 or five? Should, yeah, anyway. So comparisons, you'll frequently work like you'd help. Equal equal 30 3
Can you. Maybe. can a 45 year old run for president, can run for president 45. And then the answer is, can a 19 year old run for president false, can a 45 year old run for president true? 35 or five? Should, yeah, anyway. So comparisons, you'll frequently work like you'd help. Equal equal 30 3 Equal equal 30 3.0 equals three true. But sometimes they can be tricky with quote, three quote, equals three false. Do you know why I know this one? I know this one because when it's in quotes, it's a string, not a integer. Sorry, sorry. Let's go. I'm glad
Equal equal 30 3.0 equals three true. But sometimes they can be tricky with quote, three quote, equals three false. Do you know why I know this one? I know this one because when it's in quotes, it's a string, not a integer. Sorry, sorry. Let's go. I'm glad Let's go. I'm glad. I don't do exciting when it's like, I remember something like, yeah, it's this. We got this. Okay. Uh, comparison operators can be combined with arithmetic operators. We've already seen to express a virtually limitless range of mathematical test
Let's go. I'm glad. I don't do exciting when it's like, I remember something like, yeah, it's this. We got this. Okay. Uh, comparison operators can be combined with arithmetic operators. We've already seen to express a virtually limitless range of mathematical test For example, we can check if a number is odd by checking that the modules with module, modules that the modules, modules checking that the modulus with two returns one. We didn't talk about modulus up here. So J told us about modulus the other day, it's the percentage sign
For example, we can check if a number is odd by checking that the modules with module, modules that the modules, modules checking that the modulus with two returns one. We didn't talk about modulus up here. So J told us about modulus the other day, it's the percentage sign So I think that's like, can it be divided by or how many times? Yeah, I think it's can it be divided by what the math equivalent
So I think that's like, can it be divided by or how many times? Yeah, I think it's can it be divided by what the math equivalent Define is odd, quote, n return n modulus, maybe percentage two equals one print is 100 old is old 100 and print or odd, yeah, print odd is 100 odd is odd 100 and then print is negative one odd is odd negative one
Define is odd, quote, n return n modulus, maybe percentage two equals one print is 100 old is old 100 and print or odd, yeah, print odd is 100 odd is odd 100 and then print is negative one odd is odd negative one Is 100 odd equals was. And is negative one odd equals true. Remember to use equal equals instead of equals when making comparison. If you write n equals equals to you're asking about the value of n when you write n equals to you're changing the value of it. See, making shit up earlier
Is 100 odd equals was. And is negative one odd equals true. Remember to use equal equals instead of equals when making comparison. If you write n equals equals to you're asking about the value of n when you write n equals to you're changing the value of it. See, making shit up earlier I like it though. You know, it makes it it challenges us to to learn and understand it. So. Yo, thanks for the follow flat top. Yay. Great name. I feel like this is a great time that I can go like repost this everywhere again. My hey, this is what we're doing post and here are all the links
I like it though. You know, it makes it it challenges us to to learn and understand it. So. Yo, thanks for the follow flat top. Yay. Great name. I feel like this is a great time that I can go like repost this everywhere again. My hey, this is what we're doing post and here are all the links And here's it in X in the we say in to it. And I need a copy paste in little itty bitty things for you to because that's weird. It also removes the spaces. So you tube we're we're going to have to learn how to do this better. All right, mom. You know, all right. I'm going to pop into you. Yeah
And here's it in X in the we say in to it. And I need a copy paste in little itty bitty things for you to because that's weird. It also removes the spaces. So you tube we're we're going to have to learn how to do this better. All right, mom. You know, all right. I'm going to pop into you. Yeah Yeah. Combining Boolean values. You can combine Boolean values using the standard concept of and or and not. In fact, the words to do this are and or the not with these we can make our can run can underscore run underscore for underscore president function more accurate
Yeah. Combining Boolean values. You can combine Boolean values using the standard concept of and or and not. In fact, the words to do this are and or the not with these we can make our can run can underscore run underscore for underscore president function more accurate Definition or define can or for president age is. Or comma is age comma is naturally born citizen. Closed quotation. Hold one can someone of the given age and citizenship status from the president US. Is this is a Shabang. That's what we're saying
Definition or define can or for president age is. Or comma is age comma is naturally born citizen. Closed quotation. Hold one can someone of the given age and citizenship status from the president US. Is this is a Shabang. That's what we're saying Um, I'm just going to use also why is that in three quotes? Um, I think Jay had talked about three quotes. What up Chris the definition of something. Like it's saying the parameters of. Oh, it's the things we talked about last time and a whole line. Hold on. We're going back. Yes. Um, it's the
Um, I'm just going to use also why is that in three quotes? Um, I think Jay had talked about three quotes. What up Chris the definition of something. Like it's saying the parameters of. Oh, it's the things we talked about last time and a whole line. Hold on. We're going back. Yes. Um, it's the Yes. Um, it's the. Yeah, it's like halfway through this. It is no, no, no, no. What? Don't. Doc strings. Docs. For the. So that way if they wanted to do a help. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that was we, we had to use that past knowledge. None of us
Yes. Um, it's the. Yeah, it's like halfway through this. It is no, no, no, no. What? Don't. Doc strings. Docs. For the. So that way if they wanted to do a help. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that was we, we had to use that past knowledge. None of us None of us. Chris really said the three quotes for telling other dads what something does. I like, I guess. What's the difference? So doc strings are for like if somebody wanted to do the like the backslash help. But like why why would you
None of us. Chris really said the three quotes for telling other dads what something does. I like, I guess. What's the difference? So doc strings are for like if somebody wanted to do the like the backslash help. But like why why would you Why couldn't they just use comments then like why do you have a lot of. I feel like at least from what I've been hearing from other devs is. To go through all these lines to see your comments. Like what an abatering help be much faster if you had pages and pages of code. I wouldn't just be faster
Why couldn't they just use comments then like why do you have a lot of. I feel like at least from what I've been hearing from other devs is. To go through all these lines to see your comments. Like what an abatering help be much faster if you had pages and pages of code. I wouldn't just be faster Can a doc string work if it's not in the current file? We'll just work. Okay. Yeah, we did talk about the import. So yeah, that would. So as long as it's imported meaning and also in one of the other files, it would. Okay. Yeah. I get that. I get that. That does make more sense
Can a doc string work if it's not in the current file? We'll just work. Okay. Yeah, we did talk about the import. So yeah, that would. So as long as it's imported meaning and also in one of the other files, it would. Okay. Yeah. I get that. I get that. That does make more sense Again, I don't know. Oh, I'm just asking questions. I get it. Yeah, making us think and I think it makes sense. And Chris says yes. Let's go. So we'll just. I'm Chris next time for something doesn't work
Again, I don't know. Oh, I'm just asking questions. I get it. Yeah, making us think and I think it makes sense. And Chris says yes. Let's go. So we'll just. I'm Chris next time for something doesn't work I feel like also with doctrines, it's a lot easier for like new or almost new recruits, but like newer devs to hop on something to hop on the track and be able to catch up. Because they can be like, Oh, this is a function I've never seen before and never used before
I feel like also with doctrines, it's a lot easier for like new or almost new recruits, but like newer devs to hop on something to hop on the track and be able to catch up. Because they can be like, Oh, this is a function I've never seen before and never used before And like this is the definition of that function. And it also helps like maybe newer devs go and write code because they're like, Oh, I see how they write their doctrines. And this is how we do it at this company. And. And for not technicals. Yeah. I agree. And I
And like this is the definition of that function. And it also helps like maybe newer devs go and write code because they're like, Oh, I see how they write their doctrines. And this is how we do it at this company. And. And for not technicals. Yeah. I agree. And I I agree. And I. Some lunches also piss and moan about them not being present. Oh, that's good to know. I guess I'm curious Chris because you're talking about for your team. But also for like teams in general are people taught to use doctrines on a regular basis
I agree. And I. Some lunches also piss and moan about them not being present. Oh, that's good to know. I guess I'm curious Chris because you're talking about for your team. But also for like teams in general are people taught to use doctrines on a regular basis Like is it something that's well known and done everywhere or is it something that's like a, Hey, this can be done, but people don't always follow them because they assume that they'll remember and everyone else can read their code
Like is it something that's well known and done everywhere or is it something that's like a, Hey, this can be done, but people don't always follow them because they assume that they'll remember and everyone else can read their code Which, yeah, I don't know about you, but I forget what my code meant. If I leave it alone for like four days, I'm like, I, what was I doing? I don't know. I don't remember. But maybe. Uh, oh, definitely a standard practice if you're redistributing your code
Which, yeah, I don't know about you, but I forget what my code meant. If I leave it alone for like four days, I'm like, I, what was I doing? I don't know. I don't remember. But maybe. Uh, oh, definitely a standard practice if you're redistributing your code Uh, I know Jay, I was, I actually liked before we went live being like, oh, you can't even hear us probably because you're in. Get your meeting because you're in one of these. We see you. We love you. Yeah, we love you. Wait, which what's the. Is this the other one? Korean one. That's what I do
Uh, I know Jay, I was, I actually liked before we went live being like, oh, you can't even hear us probably because you're in. Get your meeting because you're in one of these. We see you. We love you. Yeah, we love you. Wait, which what's the. Is this the other one? Korean one. That's what I do That's what I do. But like there's the millennial version. There's this version. How do you know? Oh, and then this one. There's this. That just seems weird because your elbows in the air and stuff. I know. No, I think the Korean version is this. Okay. Which is so much simpler. It's cute
That's what I do. But like there's the millennial version. There's this version. How do you know? Oh, and then this one. There's this. That just seems weird because your elbows in the air and stuff. I know. No, I think the Korean version is this. Okay. Which is so much simpler. It's cute It's cute. It's so cute. But there's like another one that's like this, but like not all your hands. Oh, I think it's like, wait, wait. Wait. Hey. Hey, hey, hey, y'all I haven't tried. I'm trying. This is not where I give up. Okay. Not what we're doing
It's cute. It's so cute. But there's like another one that's like this, but like not all your hands. Oh, I think it's like, wait, wait. Wait. Hey. Hey, hey, hey, y'all I haven't tried. I'm trying. This is not where I give up. Okay. Not what we're doing Can you guess the value of this expression? Let's do it. True or false or true or true and false? Oh, shit. True and false. I think it's false. Okay. Do you think it's false? Do you think it's true? I thought it was true and false. You think it's okay? It's true. We were both wrong
Can you guess the value of this expression? Let's do it. True or false or true or true and false? Oh, shit. True and false. I think it's false. Okay. Do you think it's false? Do you think it's true? I thought it was true and false. You think it's okay? It's true. We were both wrong We were both wrong. I think it's true. I mean. Chris wins. Chris wins. Chris wins. All right. Okay. Okay. I think it's true. I think it's true. I mean. Chris wins. Chris wins. All right. Okay. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. Okay. Yeah
We were both wrong. I think it's true. I mean. Chris wins. Chris wins. Chris wins. All right. Okay. Okay. I think it's true. I think it's true. I mean. Chris wins. Chris wins. All right. Okay. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. Okay. Yeah Okay. Yeah. I feel like you were still reading this. I just got really excited about the last part. I can never tell if my cat is going my dog to be let in or if it's just complaining that it's not a lot outside. Okay. To answer this, you need to figure out the order of operations
Okay. Yeah. I feel like you were still reading this. I just got really excited about the last part. I can never tell if my cat is going my dog to be let in or if it's just complaining that it's not a lot outside. Okay. To answer this, you need to figure out the order of operations For example, maybe with mine over here, you're white, is white against black rice that is evaluated before orMary. Wait, did they tell us this beforehand? Okay. I don't remember. Not really. ForSure. You tricksters
For example, maybe with mine over here, you're white, is white against black rice that is evaluated before orMary. Wait, did they tell us this beforehand? Okay. I don't remember. Not really. ForSure. You tricksters You tricksters. I, I think it's kind of like one of those things where the teacher puts on the board like the full thing where it's like something divided by a times plus and like answer this. And the new answering like you're wrong. You are wrong. But you'll remember now
You tricksters. I, I think it's kind of like one of those things where the teacher puts on the board like the full thing where it's like something divided by a times plus and like answer this. And the new answering like you're wrong. You are wrong. But you'll remember now Yeah, like, I guess it's the safe way of being wrong versus like, Hey, we have a guest. Y'all know Lee is not streaming with us today. He's working from the other room, but Lee wants to say hi. Well, I wanted to say hi to Damian. I mean, everybody high, but debut in this. Mostly high
Yeah, like, I guess it's the safe way of being wrong versus like, Hey, we have a guest. Y'all know Lee is not streaming with us today. He's working from the other room, but Lee wants to say hi. Well, I wanted to say hi to Damian. I mean, everybody high, but debut in this. Mostly high Mostly high. And it's a high. Yeah, I'm super loopy right now. So hello, you can see his mouth moving. It's like the trill equivalent. Yeah, I can't hear you. Because I have my headphones on. But hey, yay, yay. OK
Mostly high. And it's a high. Yeah, I'm super loopy right now. So hello, you can see his mouth moving. It's like the trill equivalent. Yeah, I can't hear you. Because I have my headphones on. But hey, yay, yay. OK OK. Yes, because we are going on holiday or vacation or PTO, whatever people want to call it. Tyler and I are going. And then we are. So Lee is here to house it for us and to care about doggos for the next. I'm going to let you keep explaining that. My dog is not here. Mm. OK. Yay
OK. Yes, because we are going on holiday or vacation or PTO, whatever people want to call it. Tyler and I are going. And then we are. So Lee is here to house it for us and to care about doggos for the next. I'm going to let you keep explaining that. My dog is not here. Mm. OK. Yay Mm. OK. Yay. I feel like this is the most the most hardest, the most hardest. The best part of when there's like three of us streaming is because then there's two people continue the conversation
Mm. OK. Yay. I feel like this is the most the most hardest, the most hardest. The best part of when there's like three of us streaming is because then there's two people continue the conversation When there's only two people streaming or one person streaming, it's like, yo, so I'm just going to sit here and talk to myself. But the fact that they didn't tell us the order. I mean, it does make me remember that there is an order now
When there's only two people streaming or one person streaming, it's like, yo, so I'm just going to sit here and talk to myself. But the fact that they didn't tell us the order. I mean, it does make me remember that there is an order now So the end is evaluated before or so order of operations again. OK. Yeah, you're back. I'll try to make it very quick. So for example, I'm going to just read all that over again. And is evaluated before or. And that's why the first expression above is true
So the end is evaluated before or so order of operations again. OK. Yeah, you're back. I'll try to make it very quick. So for example, I'm going to just read all that over again. And is evaluated before or. And that's why the first expression above is true If we evaluated it from left to right, we would have calculated true or false, which first, which is true. And then taken end of that result with false and given the final value of false. You can try to memorize the order. Presidents. Woof. Don't know why that word took so long
If we evaluated it from left to right, we would have calculated true or false, which first, which is true. And then taken end of that result with false and given the final value of false. You can try to memorize the order. Presidents. Woof. Don't know why that word took so long But a safer bet is to just use liberal parentheses. Not only does this help prevent bugs, it makes it, it makes your intentions clear to anyone who reads your code. For example, consider the following expression
But a safer bet is to just use liberal parentheses. Not only does this help prevent bugs, it makes it, it makes your intentions clear to anyone who reads your code. For example, consider the following expression Prepare for weather equals have umbrella or rain level less than five and have hood or not rain level less than or greater than zero. And is work day. I'm trying to say that I'm safe from weather
Prepare for weather equals have umbrella or rain level less than five and have hood or not rain level less than or greater than zero. And is work day. I'm trying to say that I'm safe from weather If I have an umbrella or if the rain isn't too heavy and I have a hood, otherwise, I'm still fine unless it's raining and it's a work day. Interesting. That's like I can get that. I mean, it depends on your hair type, but yeah, I get that
If I have an umbrella or if the rain isn't too heavy and I have a hood, otherwise, I'm still fine unless it's raining and it's a work day. Interesting. That's like I can get that. I mean, it depends on your hair type, but yeah, I get that But not only is my python code hard to read, yes, it has a button. We can address both problems by adding some parentheses. All right, let's go over this again. Prepare for weather equals have umbrella or rain level less than five
But not only is my python code hard to read, yes, it has a button. We can address both problems by adding some parentheses. All right, let's go over this again. Prepare for weather equals have umbrella or rain level less than five I'm yeah, less than five and have hood or not rain level greater than zero and is work day. You can add even more parentheses if you think it helps readability. I feel like readability is very important and code. Interesting
I'm yeah, less than five and have hood or not rain level greater than zero and is work day. You can add even more parentheses if you think it helps readability. I feel like readability is very important and code. Interesting Interesting. So prepare for weather equals have an umbrella or rain level or parentheses, parentheses, rain level less than five parentheses and have hood or not our parentheses, not parentheses, rain level greater than zero and is a work day. parentheses
Interesting. So prepare for weather equals have an umbrella or rain level or parentheses, parentheses, rain level less than five parentheses and have hood or not our parentheses, not parentheses, rain level greater than zero and is a work day. parentheses parentheses. You can also split it up into multiple lines, emphasize the three-part structure, I feel like this is the best one. This is why I was curious what everybody else uses because at least reading this now, the three line makes the most sense to me. I agree
parentheses. You can also split it up into multiple lines, emphasize the three-part structure, I feel like this is the best one. This is why I was curious what everybody else uses because at least reading this now, the three line makes the most sense to me. I agree I agree. The three lines makes it so much simpler to read. Okay. As you can see, it has different operations
I agree. The three lines makes it so much simpler to read. Okay. As you can see, it has different operations Yeah, prepare for weather equals and then on a new line have umbrella and then on a new line or rain level less than five and have a hood on a new line or not rain level greater than zero and is a work day, which is substantially easier to read. I'm sure it's good. It does. It's good to tell to me
Yeah, prepare for weather equals and then on a new line have umbrella and then on a new line or rain level less than five and have a hood on a new line or not rain level greater than zero and is a work day, which is substantially easier to read. I'm sure it's good. It does. It's good to tell to me And that's totally fair, Chris. Like do whatever you're a Linter tells you. That's fair. That's fair. I feel like I. I struggle that. I don't know. What if I don't want to go to work that day? What? Because it says rain level less than or greater than zero and it's a work day
And that's totally fair, Chris. Like do whatever you're a Linter tells you. That's fair. That's fair. I feel like I. I struggle that. I don't know. What if I don't want to go to work that day? What? Because it says rain level less than or greater than zero and it's a work day I was like, what if I just don't feel like I'm going to work that day? What if I work from home? Then I feel like it would matter. I know. But maybe this code is trying to make sure that you get out of the house, even if it's raining to prepare you. That is fair
I was like, what if I just don't feel like I'm going to work that day? What if I work from home? Then I feel like it would matter. I know. But maybe this code is trying to make sure that you get out of the house, even if it's raining to prepare you. That is fair That is fair. Hey, you might not get sunshine, but you need to get out of the house because that's what is for healthy humans. Yes. That is true. That is true. Okay. Conditionals. Bullions are most useful when combined with conditional statements using the keywords is is. Wow
That is fair. Hey, you might not get sunshine, but you need to get out of the house because that's what is for healthy humans. Yes. That is true. That is true. Okay. Conditionals. Bullions are most useful when combined with conditional statements using the keywords is is. Wow Wow. I'm just making up words now using the keywords if LF and else. Conditional statements often referred to as if then statements like control what pieces of the code are run based on the value of some Boolean condition. Here's an example. Define inspect X. If X equal equals zero print X
Wow. I'm just making up words now using the keywords if LF and else. Conditional statements often referred to as if then statements like control what pieces of the code are run based on the value of some Boolean condition. Here's an example. Define inspect X. If X equal equals zero print X String is zero. LFX is greater than zero print X. Quotes is positive. LFX is less than zero print X. Quotes is negative. Else print X is in quotes unlike anything I've ever seen. Inspect zero and inspect negative 15. I don't understand
String is zero. LFX is greater than zero print X. Quotes is positive. LFX is less than zero print X. Quotes is negative. Else print X is in quotes unlike anything I've ever seen. Inspect zero and inspect negative 15. I don't understand I don't understand. I was about to say I don't understand inspect and then I realized that we defined it. So therefore that does make more sense. Okay. I mean. This makes sense to me. Does it make sense to you? It does. It's weird. At least right now in this moment. Right. All right
I don't understand. I was about to say I don't understand inspect and then I realized that we defined it. So therefore that does make more sense. Okay. I mean. This makes sense to me. Does it make sense to you? It does. It's weird. At least right now in this moment. Right. All right Right. All right. The if and else keywords are often used in other languages. It's more unique. Keyword if LF a contraction of else if in these conditional clauses. LF and else blocks are optional. Additionally, you can include many LF statements as you would like
Right. All right. The if and else keywords are often used in other languages. It's more unique. Keyword if LF a contraction of else if in these conditional clauses. LF and else blocks are optional. Additionally, you can include many LF statements as you would like Note especially for use of colons and white space to denote blocks of code. This is similar to what happens when we define a function. Dash the function header ends with colon. The following line is indented for spaces. I mean. I mean whe then I want to give you a sequence
Note especially for use of colons and white space to denote blocks of code. This is similar to what happens when we define a function. Dash the function header ends with colon. The following line is indented for spaces. I mean. I mean whe then I want to give you a sequence Ending comments before the border of the function until we encounter. A lot of Leonan for the HarentGreen AFT behavior. Intense intervention is how important they are. Part one of all this. There's indents. Like, indents are a thing, but they don't tell you
Ending comments before the border of the function until we encounter. A lot of Leonan for the HarentGreen AFT behavior. Intense intervention is how important they are. Part one of all this. There's indents. Like, indents are a thing, but they don't tell you Hey, really? They're at least telling us. Luckily, at least with Python 3, it automatically invincible. So maybe they were like really relying on that. That's fair. Uh, so define, no, we're not doing the exercise yet
Hey, really? They're at least telling us. Luckily, at least with Python 3, it automatically invincible. So maybe they were like really relying on that. That's fair. Uh, so define, no, we're not doing the exercise yet Define f x if x is greater than zero print on indented print, only print printed when x is positive x equals in quotes. And then x by itself print in quotes, also only printed when x is positive x equals and then x. And then print always printed, regardless of x's value x equals. And then x
Define f x if x is greater than zero print on indented print, only print printed when x is positive x equals in quotes. And then x by itself print in quotes, also only printed when x is positive x equals and then x. And then print always printed, regardless of x's value x equals. And then x And then x. So f equals one f equals zero. Only if printed when x is positive x equals one only printed when x is positive x equals one. Also only printed when x. This is just really weird to me the way they like. So I mean, yeah, the it makes sense just the way they kind of explain it is kind of
And then x. So f equals one f equals zero. Only if printed when x is positive x equals one only printed when x is positive x equals one. Also only printed when x. This is just really weird to me the way they like. So I mean, yeah, the it makes sense just the way they kind of explain it is kind of I don't want to say TDM, but a little weird, but I get what they're saying. Hey, like, because this is one, it prints out three lines because this is zero and I want to print out one. Yeah, that was, that was a lot for so little
I don't want to say TDM, but a little weird, but I get what they're saying. Hey, like, because this is one, it prints out three lines because this is zero and I want to print out one. Yeah, that was, that was a lot for so little I feel like if it was like two different code blocks with the same information to compare them, would have helped. I don't know. What did I'm curious for everybody watching? What did you use to? How you learned conditionals and bullions? Do you want to do Boolean conversion? Let's do it
I feel like if it was like two different code blocks with the same information to compare them, would have helped. I don't know. What did I'm curious for everybody watching? What did you use to? How you learned conditionals and bullions? Do you want to do Boolean conversion? Let's do it We've seen int which turns things into int or integers. We've seen float which turns things into floats. I think flow is the percentage. My cap was. Oh, yeah, yeah, we did. Okay, yes, yes, we did. I was like, 0.00. Which is always like a weird way to describe something like, hey, we've
We've seen int which turns things into int or integers. We've seen float which turns things into floats. I think flow is the percentage. My cap was. Oh, yeah, yeah, we did. Okay, yes, yes, we did. I was like, 0.00. Which is always like a weird way to describe something like, hey, we've Like we've seen int which turns things into int is like the most awkward way I feel to describe something, especially someone is learning. Like I get you trying to get me in the mindset, but like, why don't we spell it out? Sorry
Like we've seen int which turns things into int is like the most awkward way I feel to describe something, especially someone is learning. Like I get you trying to get me in the mindset, but like, why don't we spell it out? Sorry So you might not be surprised to hear that Python also has bull functions with certain things in the bullions. Print. What? You did that. Okay, print bull one. Shipping. I'm trusting this is actually shipping. The numbers are treated as true except zero. Print bull zero. Print bull ASF
So you might not be surprised to hear that Python also has bull functions with certain things in the bullions. Print. What? You did that. Okay, print bull one. Shipping. I'm trusting this is actually shipping. The numbers are treated as true except zero. Print bull zero. Print bull ASF Print bull ASF. Ashtag all strings are treated as true except the empty string. Print bull string blank. Generally empty sequences. Strings list and other types we've yet to see like list and tuple tuples tuples tuples. Tuples, I think
Print bull ASF. Ashtag all strings are treated as true except the empty string. Print bull string blank. Generally empty sequences. Strings list and other types we've yet to see like list and tuple tuples tuples tuples. Tuples, I think Tuples, I think. Are generally falsely and the rest are truthy falsy and truthy. I'm struggling with the second print because of zero. Why zero zero so falsy
Tuples, I think. Are generally falsely and the rest are truthy falsy and truthy. I'm struggling with the second print because of zero. Why zero zero so falsy Also why is it called falsy and not just false? I'm going to go out on a lemon and say false is in like an operation or a thing in Python will falsies the description of something happening. I feel like it's like when I want to make up words that it's kind of like ish
Also why is it called falsy and not just false? I'm going to go out on a lemon and say false is in like an operation or a thing in Python will falsies the description of something happening. I feel like it's like when I want to make up words that it's kind of like ish It's like adding ish own things. That's that's what I feel like it is. It's not like a true fish. It's not acceptable. Truthy. It's like truthish. Yeah. But isn't so zero is not considered a. A billion. No zero is not even considered technical. Or not a it's not considered an integer
It's like adding ish own things. That's that's what I feel like it is. It's not like a true fish. It's not acceptable. Truthy. It's like truthish. Yeah. But isn't so zero is not considered a. A billion. No zero is not even considered technical. Or not a it's not considered an integer It is but it's it's not positive. But that's where I'm stuck is I'm like why wouldn't that be true because zero is an integer. It doesn't say anywhere in there that it's not. But I think it's it's not treating as though it's an integer is treating it out some number
It is but it's it's not positive. But that's where I'm stuck is I'm like why wouldn't that be true because zero is an integer. It doesn't say anywhere in there that it's not. But I think it's it's not treating as though it's an integer is treating it out some number And zero is kind of like a lack of numbers at least in this. I think zero is considered like a no. So that's where I'm going to get it. Catching up on what ends. We've said of. Yes, truthy and falsy are describing things that aren't explicitly false or true types
And zero is kind of like a lack of numbers at least in this. I think zero is considered like a no. So that's where I'm going to get it. Catching up on what ends. We've said of. Yes, truthy and falsy are describing things that aren't explicitly false or true types Negative non zero numbers are also truthy only zero is falsy. They go through that down here. I don't think they go through it. I don't know if they've said the zero part. Thank you and sweet. And I think that's where I'm going to get the top it says all numbers of truth is true except zero
Negative non zero numbers are also truthy only zero is falsy. They go through that down here. I don't think they go through it. I don't know if they've said the zero part. Thank you and sweet. And I think that's where I'm going to get the top it says all numbers of truth is true except zero And that's kind of just it's like hey. Like we're understanding. Oh yeah. No, no, no, not at the top of what I was just reading on it said, bulls. I'm bullying conversion or. I'm not. I'm not. Hashtag all numbers are treated as true except zero
And that's kind of just it's like hey. Like we're understanding. Oh yeah. No, no, no, not at the top of what I was just reading on it said, bulls. I'm bullying conversion or. I'm not. I'm not. Hashtag all numbers are treated as true except zero But how do we know that? Like yes, it's in the comments. They tell us that. But it's in the comments. So by default that like it sounds like it's something by default. Like that's just like part of Python. But they don't describe that anywhere other than in that comment
But how do we know that? Like yes, it's in the comments. They tell us that. But it's in the comments. So by default that like it sounds like it's something by default. Like that's just like part of Python. But they don't describe that anywhere other than in that comment And that's why I'm confused. I don't think it's ever told anywhere specifically other than in a comment, which comments could be for anything. Yeah, okay, I guess I can see what you're saying. Pretty much. Which treats zero as falsy and all other numbers is true. See, that is great context
And that's why I'm confused. I don't think it's ever told anywhere specifically other than in a comment, which comments could be for anything. Yeah, okay, I guess I can see what you're saying. Pretty much. Which treats zero as falsy and all other numbers is true. See, that is great context That's why and like ends we've said the same thing only zero is falsy. But I'm like, if this is our only context that doesn't make sense to me. That's what I was struggling with. But the rest of it makes sense doesn't make sense to you. Yes. Yes
That's why and like ends we've said the same thing only zero is falsy. But I'm like, if this is our only context that doesn't make sense to me. That's what I was struggling with. But the rest of it makes sense doesn't make sense to you. Yes. Yes Yes. Yes. Is there a part of it that doesn't make sense? I feel like for in my mind zero is like null. So it's not considered a number in this case. Right. So then it's false. So then it's false. Yeah. Zero zero is the number above all. Therefore cannot be compared to these peasantly numbers
Yes. Yes. Is there a part of it that doesn't make sense? I feel like for in my mind zero is like null. So it's not considered a number in this case. Right. So then it's false. So then it's false. Yeah. Zero zero is the number above all. Therefore cannot be compared to these peasantly numbers But a naked number is true. So that means the ace is like the best. But is an ace of one or is the ace the best? What do you mean? I don't even want to say cards. Oh, ace, ace, ace. Yeah, but that's cards and car. Yeah, it's. That's where
But a naked number is true. So that means the ace is like the best. But is an ace of one or is the ace the best? What do you mean? I don't even want to say cards. Oh, ace, ace, ace. Yeah, but that's cards and car. Yeah, it's. That's where That's where. I feel like I feel like an ace is like a wolf and sheep's clothing. Or it can continue being a sheep. So it can be a one. But if it needs to be a one, or could be like dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. I just a regular smart guy who can. And a fight could be a one. But like
That's where. I feel like I feel like an ace is like a wolf and sheep's clothing. Or it can continue being a sheep. So it can be a one. But if it needs to be a one, or could be like dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. I just a regular smart guy who can. And a fight could be a one. But like But like. I was down to it or he drinks too much. Then he's on the 11. I like it. I like it. Okay. And since this is. I just a verify on the empty strings empty strings like everywhere is considered false or falsie. And this is like a known thing as well. I'm guessing
But like. I was down to it or he drinks too much. Then he's on the 11. I like it. I like it. Okay. And since this is. I just a verify on the empty strings empty strings like everywhere is considered false or falsie. And this is like a known thing as well. I'm guessing I'm guessing. Strings, lists and other types, including. Toples. Toples. We haven't gone through two pulls yet. But if they're blank, they're false. Okay. I feel like that makes enough. And. And yes, for what it's worth strings with spaces inside are not empty. That's true
I'm guessing. Strings, lists and other types, including. Toples. Toples. We haven't gone through two pulls yet. But if they're blank, they're false. Okay. I feel like that makes enough. And. And yes, for what it's worth strings with spaces inside are not empty. That's true That's true. But because they have spaces. Well, it strings with spaces inside or not considered. Hold on. And I have to tie. And I have to tie something out because my question is is, why does this look like there's. I don't think there's space. I don't think there's space. You're right
That's true. But because they have spaces. Well, it strings with spaces inside or not considered. Hold on. And I have to tie. And I have to tie something out because my question is is, why does this look like there's. I don't think there's space. I don't think there's space. You're right You're right. There's no space. It just looks like there's a space in my mind. Oh, yeah, that's on me. I'll continue. I'll continue reading because I. We can use non Boolean objects in if conditions or we're hitting loops. And other places where Boolean would be where Boolean would be expected
You're right. There's no space. It just looks like there's a space in my mind. Oh, yeah, that's on me. I'll continue. I'll continue reading because I. We can use non Boolean objects in if conditions or we're hitting loops. And other places where Boolean would be where Boolean would be expected Python won't implicitly treat them as their corresponding Boolean value. If zero, print zero, else if spam, print spam, spam. Spam. Okay. Well, I came up with spam as like the word of like things we don't need on the Internet. Even though it's already a food substance
Python won't implicitly treat them as their corresponding Boolean value. If zero, print zero, else if spam, print spam, spam. Spam. Okay. Well, I came up with spam as like the word of like things we don't need on the Internet. Even though it's already a food substance Like what came out first? I'm pretty sure the food substance came out long before spam. Well, it's from money Python, right? Does money Python talk about spam? No, spam came out long before Python. I said, well, I. Well, yeah, but using spam as
Like what came out first? I'm pretty sure the food substance came out long before spam. Well, it's from money Python, right? Does money Python talk about spam? No, spam came out long before Python. I said, well, I. Well, yeah, but using spam as A thing did it cut like as a Cody thing did it come from. Money Python and then just became all over the Internet and making it spam folder. Why is spam spam other than food? Someone please Google for us and let us know. Because. Because research what spam research and report back
A thing did it cut like as a Cody thing did it come from. Money Python and then just became all over the Internet and making it spam folder. Why is spam spam other than food? Someone please Google for us and let us know. Because. Because research what spam research and report back Because we are doing the hands on coding problems. Spam mail was spam before the Internet. But it's spam mail come before spam the food. Yeah, it's the ultimate. And how did spam mail become a thing? Does it stand for something? I think it does. Oh, spam food came out in the 90s. So spam
Because we are doing the hands on coding problems. Spam mail was spam before the Internet. But it's spam mail come before spam the food. Yeah, it's the ultimate. And how did spam mail become a thing? Does it stand for something? I think it does. Oh, spam food came out in the 90s. So spam So spam. Um, no, I hate this Google AI. Oh, the meat came out first. Spam mail came out afterward. Because someone really hated spam and just needed it after the food stuff. Why is spam mail called spam? You're so spirited. I know, but oh crap. I think you might be right. Oh. You guys
So spam. Um, no, I hate this Google AI. Oh, the meat came out first. Spam mail came out afterward. Because someone really hated spam and just needed it after the food stuff. Why is spam mail called spam? You're so spirited. I know, but oh crap. I think you might be right. Oh. You guys Oh. You guys. I think you guys are. At least wiki tells me. Wiki tells me email spam is also referred as junk email spam mail or simply spam is unsolicited messages sent by bulky email spamming. The name comes from a Monty Python sketch in which the name of the canned pork product spam is
Oh. You guys. I think you guys are. At least wiki tells me. Wiki tells me email spam is also referred as junk email spam mail or simply spam is unsolicited messages sent by bulky email spamming. The name comes from a Monty Python sketch in which the name of the canned pork product spam is And Biccus unavoidable and repetitive. And I think it's my instinct on that one now. It feels like it is Montaille Python. This is going to be the motto of the show. Trust your instincts. This is what we will always refer back to you. So trust your instincts unless you're an internet crowd strike
And Biccus unavoidable and repetitive. And I think it's my instinct on that one now. It feels like it is Montaille Python. This is going to be the motto of the show. Trust your instincts. This is what we will always refer back to you. So trust your instincts unless you're an internet crowd strike Trust your instincts. Trust your instincts. Trust your instincts and then verify. I don't know. Let's go with it. Okay. Thank you. I'm a barrel. Yes. Yes. If you want to learn more about the code, just do it. You'll know what it says
Trust your instincts. Trust your instincts. Trust your instincts and then verify. I don't know. Let's go with it. Okay. Thank you. I'm a barrel. Yes. Yes. If you want to learn more about the code, just do it. You'll know what it says You'll put to work what you have learned about billions and conditionals to get started. Run the setup code below before writing your own code. And if you leave this notebook. Come back later. Don't forget to run the setup code again. Alright. Pull later. Doing one go. Session starting
You'll put to work what you have learned about billions and conditionals to get started. Run the setup code below before writing your own code. And if you leave this notebook. Come back later. Don't forget to run the setup code again. Alright. Pull later. Doing one go. Session starting Session starting. Session started. It is still thinking. It takes me a little bit of time to think too. And coffee. Yes. Yes. I guess in this time I will go do all the links. Do all the links. Tell everybody to follow us and come hang out with us. So this is happening
Session starting. Session started. It is still thinking. It takes me a little bit of time to think too. And coffee. Yes. Yes. I guess in this time I will go do all the links. Do all the links. Tell everybody to follow us and come hang out with us. So this is happening What kind of coffee do you guys drink? Because I'm not really a coffee person, but I've had a lot of coffee friends who are coffee connoisseurs. What of our friends actually used to own a coffee trick? It was fun Did I post some other things? I don't think I posted on other things
What kind of coffee do you guys drink? Because I'm not really a coffee person, but I've had a lot of coffee friends who are coffee connoisseurs. What of our friends actually used to own a coffee trick? It was fun Did I post some other things? I don't think I posted on other things I didn't post it on my fan
I didn't post it on my fan You didn't post them twitch There we go Sam's love for brand is it good Chris? Really
You didn't post them twitch There we go Sam's love for brand is it good Chris? Really Really? And then like do you get like the dark rose or the light rose because I know there's like different levels of it and Like the only thing I know is everyone who likes coffee hates Starbucks That's just the thing you're like Starbucks coffee's pretty gross
Really? And then like do you get like the dark rose or the light rose because I know there's like different levels of it and Like the only thing I know is everyone who likes coffee hates Starbucks That's just the thing you're like Starbucks coffee's pretty gross I Feel like this is gonna I want to do like a new like why Sam's Club and not Costco? Are you like is there big differences? I've never been to a Sam's Club But I think it's only because my family's always had Costco and Why as a couple we need a Costco membership
I Feel like this is gonna I want to do like a new like why Sam's Club and not Costco? Are you like is there big differences? I've never been to a Sam's Club But I think it's only because my family's always had Costco and Why as a couple we need a Costco membership It's like We use it even as a single like they had a Costco membership you get guests For cheaper you get tires for cheaper
It's like We use it even as a single like they had a Costco membership you get guests For cheaper you get tires for cheaper It's true. It's true. Oh That's that's real that totally makes sense. Okay Trying to focus set up complete One many programs have sign available as a built-in function Python doesn't but we can define our own Okay, I'm excited
It's true. It's true. Oh That's that's real that totally makes sense. Okay Trying to focus set up complete One many programs have sign available as a built-in function Python doesn't but we can define our own Okay, I'm excited We get to define our own in the cell below define a function called sign which takes numerical argument and Returns negative one if it's negative one if it's positive and zero if it's zero I'm just curious that many programmally Programming language have sign available as a built-in function Like so is all signs like when they say sign it's a numerical argument that returns negative one if it's Negative one if it's positive or zero if it's zero is that just like how everybody else defines Sign I feel like This is something probably dark good with me learning live is I'm like Argue with whatever the paper says I don't think it's healthy I try not to Uh I'm not gonna lie
We get to define our own in the cell below define a function called sign which takes numerical argument and Returns negative one if it's negative one if it's positive and zero if it's zero I'm just curious that many programmally Programming language have sign available as a built-in function Like so is all signs like when they say sign it's a numerical argument that returns negative one if it's Negative one if it's positive or zero if it's zero is that just like how everybody else defines Sign I feel like This is something probably dark good with me learning live is I'm like Argue with whatever the paper says I don't think it's healthy I try not to Uh I'm not gonna lie I'm totally drawing. Blink. I don't know how to even do this I got it my brain is free from the thoughts of thinking That that sounded really bad Coming back as words I can let you know it's an if statement I Know but I'm getting stuck on just like the beginning, which is sad
I'm totally drawing. Blink. I don't know how to even do this I got it my brain is free from the thoughts of thinking That that sounded really bad Coming back as words I can let you know it's an if statement I Know but I'm getting stuck on just like the beginning, which is sad I feel like it's very sad
I feel like it's very sad I'm just gonna I'm looking not to like get the answer but to remember how things are written because I feel like when I'm looking at a blank page that's like the biggest part is I Just completely blank anything Okay A Define sign Is And so we'll say and and so if and If No, it was a easier way to move but Elementary way I don't know why I'm drawing such a blank on how to even do this You know you would have to be in this You I'm back and looking at returns Oh Return negative if Or just a return I Reading the cards planes the car return negative if If return negative one if it's negative What Negative And I Don't know if you ever have this but I'm like I Don't I don't know If you're gonna say me calling Sorry, calling I Return else after if oh Return negative if negative one expected else
I'm just gonna I'm looking not to like get the answer but to remember how things are written because I feel like when I'm looking at a blank page that's like the biggest part is I Just completely blank anything Okay A Define sign Is And so we'll say and and so if and If No, it was a easier way to move but Elementary way I don't know why I'm drawing such a blank on how to even do this You know you would have to be in this You I'm back and looking at returns Oh Return negative if Or just a return I Reading the cards planes the car return negative if If return negative one if it's negative What Negative And I Don't know if you ever have this but I'm like I Don't I don't know If you're gonna say me calling Sorry, calling I Return else after if oh Return negative if negative one expected else I don't think you could have multiple ifs Like that I think it has to be if else if or else unless it's written in a very specific way that I remember J writing out but I couldn't Do that myself but even if I try I know like if If or and So like you'd have these and an or Hmm if that makes sense so If we use this example maybe like sign equals No Yeah, you were right that it's an ellif then if we go to this one Oh, and they did what is to do it But they didn't say print they just did inspect and then it printed it so But oh they did the if statement ellif and they did Okay, that makes sense so Okay, wouldn't recommend trying to use a single line if if I'm gonna do this so I can see them side by side to like refer back to it
I don't think you could have multiple ifs Like that I think it has to be if else if or else unless it's written in a very specific way that I remember J writing out but I couldn't Do that myself but even if I try I know like if If or and So like you'd have these and an or Hmm if that makes sense so If we use this example maybe like sign equals No Yeah, you were right that it's an ellif then if we go to this one Oh, and they did what is to do it But they didn't say print they just did inspect and then it printed it so But oh they did the if statement ellif and they did Okay, that makes sense so Okay, wouldn't recommend trying to use a single line if if I'm gonna do this so I can see them side by side to like refer back to it I didn't if ellif else statement to get mine correct with You did what and if ellif else statement Because they're awesome. Oh So you did what it says? I like it Okay Yeah One Uh Apparently I'm gonna do these out of order
I didn't if ellif else statement to get mine correct with You did what and if ellif else statement Because they're awesome. Oh So you did what it says? I like it Okay Yeah One Uh Apparently I'm gonna do these out of order That's cool I think I just wrote oh not zero No, right um the fine sign If I'm gonna get I'm gonna catch up y'all it's gonna happen We believe Oh And equals You get a one Come in print Oh, oh, this is new did you get this
That's cool I think I just wrote oh not zero No, right um the fine sign If I'm gonna get I'm gonna catch up y'all it's gonna happen We believe Oh And equals You get a one Come in print Oh, oh, this is new did you get this Got a pop in I didn't print oh It's because when you I started to print and then I got it wrong and then you said something that reminded me I shouldn't be using print you said Which takes the way your argument and returns And I was like oh that's what it is
Got a pop in I didn't print oh It's because when you I started to print and then I got it wrong and then you said something that reminded me I shouldn't be using print you said Which takes the way your argument and returns And I was like oh that's what it is I have to return this number
I have to return this number I can't just print it Oh So you get me the answer I'm not So I don't need to return it you don't print you just return it So it is returned to you that So print actually display something and this is me just for all the people who actually know how to use Python This is me and my infancy trying to explain um return returns a function or a string or whatever to the computer and print print it out so that we can see it return just kind of gives it back to the system If that makes sense I feel like it doesn't it does they they don't talk about it here Like they don't talk about it in the chapter so I'm just saying in terms of like this question it's specifically asking us to return instead of printing it so that's why I don't think we've talked about it before so that's why I'm I guess can you want to share your screen
I can't just print it Oh So you get me the answer I'm not So I don't need to return it you don't print you just return it So it is returned to you that So print actually display something and this is me just for all the people who actually know how to use Python This is me and my infancy trying to explain um return returns a function or a string or whatever to the computer and print print it out so that we can see it return just kind of gives it back to the system If that makes sense I feel like it doesn't it does they they don't talk about it here Like they don't talk about it in the chapter so I'm just saying in terms of like this question it's specifically asking us to return instead of printing it so that's why I don't think we've talked about it before so that's why I'm I guess can you want to share your screen Sure It's just I was letting that was letting you do your thing I Do do do do do do do do do I will share my entire window And I will share exercise Sure Okay, oh run one there we go Can you zoom in a bit
Sure It's just I was letting that was letting you do your thing I Do do do do do do do do do I will share my entire window And I will share exercise Sure Okay, oh run one there we go Can you zoom in a bit Oh, thank you Oh I I'll go back and look more into return Because like what you wrote makes sense um I honestly don't remember if we covered it which So the only reason why I even did return because I did print to begin with as well is because it literally asks me to Where to go
Oh, thank you Oh I I'll go back and look more into return Because like what you wrote makes sense um I honestly don't remember if we covered it which So the only reason why I even did return because I did print to begin with as well is because it literally asks me to Where to go Yeah, it says in the description to return it
Yeah, it says in the description to return it Yeah, that's the only reason why I wrote it down I have no idea where that where that went It is a big I think like that's Um, but in sweet sense a great thing is if you if you If you do let's show this I wrote to you if you do x equals integer one then x is one, but if you do x equals print one then x is zero or none K zero It's because print does not have a return statement as you say I feel like I'm just lost on return that's cool
Yeah, that's the only reason why I wrote it down I have no idea where that where that went It is a big I think like that's Um, but in sweet sense a great thing is if you if you If you do let's show this I wrote to you if you do x equals integer one then x is one, but if you do x equals print one then x is zero or none K zero It's because print does not have a return statement as you say I feel like I'm just lost on return that's cool I will follow up without later on It makes enough sense But you have your screen shirt so you can do uh the rest of the exercise is in your screen. Yeah
I will follow up without later on It makes enough sense But you have your screen shirt so you can do uh the rest of the exercise is in your screen. Yeah Yeah. Oh, you're so sweet Yes, that's what it was Yes, oh boy So Number two is Seven problems Are there really oh Oh, well, okay, then let's just leave it at one. That was easy We can touch it well, no, we both wanted to do it for an hour. What's it? We do it
Yeah. Oh, you're so sweet Yes, that's what it was Yes, oh boy So Number two is Seven problems Are there really oh Oh, well, okay, then let's just leave it at one. That was easy We can touch it well, no, we both wanted to do it for an hour. What's it? We do it Please do a couple come on It's the 15 minutes. I'm already I'm already here All right, you're already here. Let's just do it. Oh my gosh Uh, the grandmas again say they're tick tock Okay, fine Uh, we decided to add logging to our To smash function from previous exercise
Please do a couple come on It's the 15 minutes. I'm already I'm already here All right, you're already here. Let's just do it. Oh my gosh Uh, the grandmas again say they're tick tock Okay, fine Uh, we decided to add logging to our To smash function from previous exercise Wait, what the candy function? Oh So There's so out of context What's that it's it's it's assuming that you we don't do this once a week
Wait, what the candy function? Oh So There's so out of context What's that it's it's it's assuming that you we don't do this once a week It's assuming that you do every every day Okay, okay, we're serious we're serious Uh So define two smash total candies Um, so what I if I say this out loud does it mean saying the doc string so doc string says Return the number of leftover candies that must be smashed after distributing the given number of candies evenly between three friends uh Two smash 91 One print splitting Uh, total candies and candies return total candies What did we say the percentage was called
It's assuming that you do every every day Okay, okay, we're serious we're serious Uh So define two smash total candies Um, so what I if I say this out loud does it mean saying the doc string so doc string says Return the number of leftover candies that must be smashed after distributing the given number of candies evenly between three friends uh Two smash 91 One print splitting Uh, total candies and candies return total candies What did we say the percentage was called Modules Module Modulus Modulus 3 Yeah, I think you smashed 91 Wait, I know what we can do to do this
Modules Module Modulus Modulus 3 Yeah, I think you smashed 91 Wait, I know what we can do to do this Is it help
Is it help I don't know Go go enter that Um I don't know either, but I also really have to pee so I won't be right back Oh, okay I guess we're gonna have a Q&A guys Um, how's everyone doing today what part of the world is everyone from and um I feel like everyone here likes python or at least uses it to some extent um what what are your Experienced levels in python So I know it's gonna be way more than mine Um um I don't know how she wants How much entertainment she wants on her show So we're going to go through we're not gonna go through this because I Don't want to proceed without jam but we are going to figure out what if that's called a modulus or Just a percentage something Okay I J
I don't know Go go enter that Um I don't know either, but I also really have to pee so I won't be right back Oh, okay I guess we're gonna have a Q&A guys Um, how's everyone doing today what part of the world is everyone from and um I feel like everyone here likes python or at least uses it to some extent um what what are your Experienced levels in python So I know it's gonna be way more than mine Um um I don't know how she wants How much entertainment she wants on her show So we're going to go through we're not gonna go through this because I Don't want to proceed without jam but we are going to figure out what if that's called a modulus or Just a percentage something Okay I J I know if you're watching it is called a modulus sweet um, I know if you're watching you're gonna yell me if you're going to stack over full But I it could be from what I hear good at some points Oh, hi oh nice Python for a decade that's impressive The software D's for you So that's a good question um what software do you guys use for meetings um We're doing Q&A where you're going I know almost everyone I know Persona algorithm uses Meet and then like the enterprise cuss or enterprise people all use either teams or Uh None zoom what is what is the Is it teams the Microsoft meeting thing
I know if you're watching it is called a modulus sweet um, I know if you're watching you're gonna yell me if you're going to stack over full But I it could be from what I hear good at some points Oh, hi oh nice Python for a decade that's impressive The software D's for you So that's a good question um what software do you guys use for meetings um We're doing Q&A where you're going I know almost everyone I know Persona algorithm uses Meet and then like the enterprise cuss or enterprise people all use either teams or Uh None zoom what is what is the Is it teams the Microsoft meeting thing Microsoft teams
Microsoft teams Yeah, is that the meeting one? Oh, uh, how we're using stream yard No, I think you were asking The view that we're seeing Yes, stream yard Yeah, it's stream yard Teams is the worst Yeah, don't let Jay who you said that though He likes teams. Yeah, he loves teams. I'd die
Yeah, is that the meeting one? Oh, uh, how we're using stream yard No, I think you were asking The view that we're seeing Yes, stream yard Yeah, it's stream yard Teams is the worst Yeah, don't let Jay who you said that though He likes teams. Yeah, he loves teams. I'd die I'd die. Yeah, still don't understand Yeah, when we were talking about wrapping earlier it was also because I really had a pee And that's why I was like just kidding. I can't keep going. We'll be right back. Okay
I'd die. Yeah, still don't understand Yeah, when we were talking about wrapping earlier it was also because I really had a pee And that's why I was like just kidding. I can't keep going. We'll be right back. Okay Okay. So did you did you figure out um Yeah, let us know if you have other streaming questions Uh, cuz we We do all the streams now
Okay. So did you did you figure out um Yeah, let us know if you have other streaming questions Uh, cuz we We do all the streams now Is it worse than Skype though Because like I personally like using um, oh my god, what's the name of the one that we always use The purple one I can't I remember the name of it I keep going to call it straight The purple one Yeah, there was a purple one Yeah I in like 2015 I was using Skype for podcasting What are these stoplight
Is it worse than Skype though Because like I personally like using um, oh my god, what's the name of the one that we always use The purple one I can't I remember the name of it I keep going to call it straight The purple one Yeah, there was a purple one Yeah I in like 2015 I was using Skype for podcasting What are these stoplight What what are we use it stoplight to uh, take back and forth Skip slack slack
What what are we use it stoplight to uh, take back and forth Skip slack slack I love oh I love Purple is discord purple is discord Disco is blue. Oh my god, it is purple And it's purple It's purple But I'm not gonna lie. I am like so brain dead right now that I'm just I'm gonna lean on you to I will be here for solving powers
I love oh I love Purple is discord purple is discord Disco is blue. Oh my god, it is purple And it's purple It's purple But I'm not gonna lie. I am like so brain dead right now that I'm just I'm gonna lean on you to I will be here for solving powers Oh no, that's a horrible choice I'm so I am like excited to go on vacation and Listen, I'm running off a coffee in dreams right now and I coffee caffeine in dreams right now
Oh no, that's a horrible choice I'm so I am like excited to go on vacation and Listen, I'm running off a coffee in dreams right now and I coffee caffeine in dreams right now So I hope everyone's in for one time because Who knows where we're gonna get
So I hope everyone's in for one time because Who knows where we're gonna get All right um So what happens if we call it with total candies equals one to smash This is a great grammar Okay, modify the definition and the cell below to correct the grammar of our print statement If there's only one candy we should use the singular candy instead of plural candies Oh I feel like this is another weird one But then again, this is this is a this is a super simple and this is um and if Else print So I'm thinking No, no This is why they don't let me do the keyboard Okay, so it says If it's more than if there's only one candy It's a little candies One is a candy negative total candies equal one Uh rent candy Perhaps a copy this because I'm lazy And then if total candy is greater than one Great candies Would it be equals equals one so that way it's not being defined I feel like you wanted it to be defined in this case But in the next one we're doing I don't know run it
All right um So what happens if we call it with total candies equals one to smash This is a great grammar Okay, modify the definition and the cell below to correct the grammar of our print statement If there's only one candy we should use the singular candy instead of plural candies Oh I feel like this is another weird one But then again, this is this is a this is a super simple and this is um and if Else print So I'm thinking No, no This is why they don't let me do the keyboard Okay, so it says If it's more than if there's only one candy It's a little candies One is a candy negative total candies equal one Uh rent candy Perhaps a copy this because I'm lazy And then if total candy is greater than one Great candies Would it be equals equals one so that way it's not being defined I feel like you wanted it to be defined in this case But in the next one we're doing I don't know run it Let's see Oh, snap thanks and sweet Um Else Uh, I think it's return. She'll return
Let's see Oh, snap thanks and sweet Um Else Uh, I think it's return. She'll return Oh Yeah It's a special deal with Oh my god, there's so much Look over your exes refer before the assignment Oh X equals one so Um, so it's both the equals equals Yeah, because if it's you're defining it Oh, oh I'm sure so then so if total candies equals one Or would we put greater than there like how would we put it to be The else statement maybe it's Total underscore candies which would be I wouldn't say weird, but like I feel like that's not making is it dry code
Oh Yeah It's a special deal with Oh my god, there's so much Look over your exes refer before the assignment Oh X equals one so Um, so it's both the equals equals Yeah, because if it's you're defining it Oh, oh I'm sure so then so if total candies equals one Or would we put greater than there like how would we put it to be The else statement maybe it's Total underscore candies which would be I wouldn't say weird, but like I feel like that's not making is it dry code Oh, yeah, that that makes sense trying to be cool when he's But then I don't think you need that top line of if total candies it would just be if And then Oh Really Okay, sorry um And so you've said to your comparison statement should be Uh in line with the if statement double check your solution if it was all good Um Maybe check Check the solution now and just see what happens Exploded And object is not callable Oh, he says check the last word Okay Okay Oh, maybe do return if greater than three Uh candy if return if return if uh One candy Yes, you mean this one Define return return return Oh, okay, okay I think what they are trying to say is If If If total candies is One return blank if it's um More than one return Um So you use using this functionality Yeah, but you don't need to have total candies equal one you can delete that line I think You can put the one inside of total candies X What You deleted both lines Okay, so where it says if total candies X Yeah, the one in there That's And then brain is brain It's on It's not extra slow Um if point oh, okay, I see what you're saying So instead of that if total candies Oh, so we didn't need to do it in the brackets Yeah, I think that's Okay Okay When would we put it in the um brackets Yeah, compared to Try running it And I'm not gonna lie y'all after this um Yeah, we gotta do equal equal one What And that's a else needs a colon wait right now else Oh, yeah, it does Oh, it's because I put all this It's just it's just else Uh, it looks like well and sweep set L if So it would be an L if I if I wanted that statement to be Um anything else, but I Maybe it was Jay it can just be else if anything else is To find play it yeah play it Let's go Yay Good job way longer than it should have It's okay because like now even though we're about to go to the spicy one We're gonna have to do the spicy one in two weeks
Oh, yeah, that that makes sense trying to be cool when he's But then I don't think you need that top line of if total candies it would just be if And then Oh Really Okay, sorry um And so you've said to your comparison statement should be Uh in line with the if statement double check your solution if it was all good Um Maybe check Check the solution now and just see what happens Exploded And object is not callable Oh, he says check the last word Okay Okay Oh, maybe do return if greater than three Uh candy if return if return if uh One candy Yes, you mean this one Define return return return Oh, okay, okay I think what they are trying to say is If If If total candies is One return blank if it's um More than one return Um So you use using this functionality Yeah, but you don't need to have total candies equal one you can delete that line I think You can put the one inside of total candies X What You deleted both lines Okay, so where it says if total candies X Yeah, the one in there That's And then brain is brain It's on It's not extra slow Um if point oh, okay, I see what you're saying So instead of that if total candies Oh, so we didn't need to do it in the brackets Yeah, I think that's Okay Okay When would we put it in the um brackets Yeah, compared to Try running it And I'm not gonna lie y'all after this um Yeah, we gotta do equal equal one What And that's a else needs a colon wait right now else Oh, yeah, it does Oh, it's because I put all this It's just it's just else Uh, it looks like well and sweep set L if So it would be an L if I if I wanted that statement to be Um anything else, but I Maybe it was Jay it can just be else if anything else is To find play it yeah play it Let's go Yay Good job way longer than it should have It's okay because like now even though we're about to go to the spicy one We're gonna have to do the spicy one in two weeks Okay, spicy challenge in two weeks
Okay, spicy challenge in two weeks This Yeah, yeah, cuz It's time It's time it's time it's time it's time Before we go okay, we're just going No, no, no because I really want to go I want to scream I know it's like I was very torn to stream today at all It was like it really do want to stream because I want to keep up but you you did it We showed up You showed up I'm here I'm here in spirit three hours to sleep
This Yeah, yeah, cuz It's time It's time it's time it's time it's time Before we go okay, we're just going No, no, no because I really want to go I want to scream I know it's like I was very torn to stream today at all It was like it really do want to stream because I want to keep up but you you did it We showed up You showed up I'm here I'm here in spirit three hours to sleep I'm your spirit of companion For anyone to play Anyone who plays magic gathering I like it
I'm your spirit of companion For anyone to play Anyone who plays magic gathering I like it I like it uh Yo, if you want to uh, yes, we're curious what you use and sweep um and It's great to or to yeah, um there I mean, I could talk in a lot more detail and j would be really good to talk about this too because j use is a different tool for their streams of What they use for everything's I like obs obs is harder for multiple people But also there's things like ping this is a full like we could have a Tools to use stream, which maybe we will do That would be fun but make sure you hit follow and Be there for our next ones and we will go Raid we'll raid oh wait, I heard my name will happen We're just we're Talking about you Jay your ears are bringing because we're talking about you
I like it uh Yo, if you want to uh, yes, we're curious what you use and sweep um and It's great to or to yeah, um there I mean, I could talk in a lot more detail and j would be really good to talk about this too because j use is a different tool for their streams of What they use for everything's I like obs obs is harder for multiple people But also there's things like ping this is a full like we could have a Tools to use stream, which maybe we will do That would be fun but make sure you hit follow and Be there for our next ones and we will go Raid we'll raid oh wait, I heard my name will happen We're just we're Talking about you Jay your ears are bringing because we're talking about you It's with love when we are talking about you Do we want to do learn with Jason or Of apparently I'm supposed to be learning conditionals with j I'm sorry loops loops with j
It's with love when we are talking about you Do we want to do learn with Jason or Of apparently I'm supposed to be learning conditionals with j I'm sorry loops loops with j Oh So there you go Jay are you gonna start streaming so I can rate over there? See how this goes If not, I'm gonna about to have raid somebody else because I'm He knew done I'm done so I'm vacation mode. I'm like vacation mode
Oh So there you go Jay are you gonna start streaming so I can rate over there? See how this goes If not, I'm gonna about to have raid somebody else because I'm He knew done I'm done so I'm vacation mode. I'm like vacation mode I made it through the last call You're off for the rest of the week right like you don't work ready. No, nope
I made it through the last call You're off for the rest of the week right like you don't work ready. No, nope We leave for Chicago Like I had my early okay Then we will rate no Um, let me let me let me start that raid Stardt stardt it is getting ready to do yay um And We will do the I don't know why it always takes so long to click raid like it's unhoise me so Thank you all and we will see you next time in two weeks
We leave for Chicago Like I had my early okay Then we will rate no Um, let me let me let me start that raid Stardt stardt it is getting ready to do yay um And We will do the I don't know why it always takes so long to click raid like it's unhoise me so Thank you all and we will see you next time in two weeks We don't have a stream next week. Remember that Okay, bye
We don't have a stream next week. Remember that Okay, bye