Good life. Good life. We live. We did it. Woo. Hello. Dancing in tropes like Oprah. Oh, yes. Dancing like Oprah. That's what we should name the intro. I do like Oprah dances. That's a particular thing to like. Um, I will, I wish I could get say you get a car and you get a car and you get a car I would love to be able to do that. That is. Have people look under their chair and get a car. Yeah. They're like, Hey, special winners. I wish. I really do wish because that would be awesome to be able to contribute in other ways. But maybe someday you never know
I would love to be able to do that. That is. Have people look under their chair and get a car. Yeah. They're like, Hey, special winners. I wish. I really do wish because that would be awesome to be able to contribute in other ways. But maybe someday you never know I don't know what I don't know what the world's gonna bring. Maybe I am going to be able to do amazing things like that. But. All right. Hello. Hello. Beautiful humans. Welcome back. Thanks for hanging out since we took a week off
I don't know what I don't know what the world's gonna bring. Maybe I am going to be able to do amazing things like that. But. All right. Hello. Hello. Beautiful humans. Welcome back. Thanks for hanging out since we took a week off Last week I went to Chicago and hey, Jay, look, look, Jay, you've already seen it. But hey, look, I've got engaged. Is that pretty? I like, this is very hard to like try to show on camera. But is it pretty ring? It's so pretty. It's shiny. They got engaged. Don't ever say shiny like that
Last week I went to Chicago and hey, Jay, look, look, Jay, you've already seen it. But hey, look, I've got engaged. Is that pretty? I like, this is very hard to like try to show on camera. But is it pretty ring? It's so pretty. It's shiny. They got engaged. Don't ever say shiny like that Just give me a load of the ring vibes. But that's awesome. That's very good. That just not surprised me. I will say I can pause really quick because it's playing the background. Oh my gosh, that took a minute. Yay. Thanks, Liner. I had our stream open somewhere. And I was like, I can hear it
Just give me a load of the ring vibes. But that's awesome. That's very good. That just not surprised me. I will say I can pause really quick because it's playing the background. Oh my gosh, that took a minute. Yay. Thanks, Liner. I had our stream open somewhere. And I was like, I can hear it I can't. I don't know where I'm hearing it from. But I found it. So yes. And I don't need to sound like what is his name? Smeekel. Smeekel. Not gonna lie. I almost said, is it like never mind
I can't. I don't know where I'm hearing it from. But I found it. So yes. And I don't need to sound like what is his name? Smeekel. Smeekel. Not gonna lie. I almost said, is it like never mind Rhyme in my head, we're not gonna go where it rhymed with changing things with what we're working on today. Yeah, it's cool. That's cool. Anyway, hello, hello. We're are going to work on finishing. Oh, the one I really didn't like. And I would love to skip this one
Rhyme in my head, we're not gonna go where it rhymed with changing things with what we're working on today. Yeah, it's cool. That's cool. Anyway, hello, hello. We're are going to work on finishing. Oh, the one I really didn't like. And I would love to skip this one But last week, brain cheese is working. I know. But last time we streamed, which thank you, Damien, for your patience, because it was, we had an out. We could have done two hours, but I was hungry and excited to leave and just wanted to pack, stressed out
But last week, brain cheese is working. I know. But last time we streamed, which thank you, Damien, for your patience, because it was, we had an out. We could have done two hours, but I was hungry and excited to leave and just wanted to pack, stressed out And the hangry on top of it all did not help because I didn't realize I was so hungry. Made sure to eat before the stream. No hanger. But before we get started, what did you do this last week? I just studied from my big orange book. That's really it. Yes. Nothing to exciting
And the hangry on top of it all did not help because I didn't realize I was so hungry. Made sure to eat before the stream. No hanger. But before we get started, what did you do this last week? I just studied from my big orange book. That's really it. Yes. Nothing to exciting And if you all didn't know, Damien is becoming a project manager and getting certified certified. There we go. So if you're hiring someone, hire Damien. Damien's dope. And actually get stuff done in my life because of Damien. It's awesome. Okay. Well, and go to stage. There we go. And zoom in
And if you all didn't know, Damien is becoming a project manager and getting certified certified. There we go. So if you're hiring someone, hire Damien. Damien's dope. And actually get stuff done in my life because of Damien. It's awesome. Okay. Well, and go to stage. There we go. And zoom in And zoom in. zoom in. zoom in enough. I'm not going to start exercise yet. We can make this big screen though. Let's make this full screen. Yay. Of this is what we did last week. And I can link this. I don't know what I did with all the. There we go
And zoom in. zoom in. zoom in enough. I'm not going to start exercise yet. We can make this big screen though. Let's make this full screen. Yay. Of this is what we did last week. And I can link this. I don't know what I did with all the. There we go There we go. Let me link the things everywhere of where you can use this to learn with us. It's going in the chats. All the chats. My only question is do you remember what we studied last last week? It was pretty confusing for me even when we were going through it
There we go. Let me link the things everywhere of where you can use this to learn with us. It's going in the chats. All the chats. My only question is do you remember what we studied last last week? It was pretty confusing for me even when we were going through it And that's why I was like, I don't know if it was because the hanger was real. And therefore, I could not compute. Thanks. Okay. That's fair. It could have been that. I'm not 100% sure. But if we go to loading, loading, getting as gracious paste. There we go. If we go back here, we'll see
And that's why I was like, I don't know if it was because the hanger was real. And therefore, I could not compute. Thanks. Okay. That's fair. It could have been that. I'm not 100% sure. But if we go to loading, loading, getting as gracious paste. There we go. If we go back here, we'll see Do you remember you also had like very small amount of sleep last time. So I'm curious. Do you remember what bullions and conditionals are? I remember conditionals are. And I remember bullion was bull. That's really about it. If I remember correctly, bulls are true and false
Do you remember you also had like very small amount of sleep last time. So I'm curious. Do you remember what bullions and conditionals are? I remember conditionals are. And I remember bullion was bull. That's really about it. If I remember correctly, bulls are true and false Oh yes, because it does say it right there. Oh yeah. And which is the class bull. And we talked about the double equals because if it's a single equals, it is a you're defining something. The double equals is equals. And then conditionals is the if yeah, it's a if L if those made sense
Oh yes, because it does say it right there. Oh yeah. And which is the class bull. And we talked about the double equals because if it's a single equals, it is a you're defining something. The double equals is equals. And then conditionals is the if yeah, it's a if L if those made sense I think the other thing I got stuck on was print versus something. Now I'm trying to think what you got stuck on for print. It was using something instead of print. This is also in print. Not defined. Let me just let me jump into the exercise and see what it was
I think the other thing I got stuck on was print versus something. Now I'm trying to think what you got stuck on for print. It was using something instead of print. This is also in print. Not defined. Let me just let me jump into the exercise and see what it was Because I'm pretty sure it was one of the questions on the exercise. Yeah. Which I will go to your turn. It was returned. Print and return. Oh yes, print and return. I don't remember the way we figured out a good way to explain the differences. I think it was a return to answer print out something
Because I'm pretty sure it was one of the questions on the exercise. Yeah. Which I will go to your turn. It was returned. Print and return. Oh yes, print and return. I don't remember the way we figured out a good way to explain the differences. I think it was a return to answer print out something Oh okay. I'm doing for this first one. I'm seeing if I can just run the oh I have to leave the there we go. That's confusing. Their solution doesn't work. Oh because I didn't send I didn't run the setup code. There we go. I'm glad it tells you. Okay
Oh okay. I'm doing for this first one. I'm seeing if I can just run the oh I have to leave the there we go. That's confusing. Their solution doesn't work. Oh because I didn't send I didn't run the setup code. There we go. I'm glad it tells you. Okay Okay. I'm trying to just see what the answer was to number one. I'm going to get number one. You did? I did not finish it. I want to get the answer. J says return is the value of the result of the function and print takes whatever is printed and outputs it to your terminal
Okay. I'm trying to just see what the answer was to number one. I'm going to get number one. You did? I did not finish it. I want to get the answer. J says return is the value of the result of the function and print takes whatever is printed and outputs it to your terminal So would you need return and print? Would you ever need to return and print something at the same time? I don't think so. I mean maybe maybe it's two different values. Yeah. And then like you could return someone's password but you print their username. Oh yeah. Yeah. I like that. All right
So would you need return and print? Would you ever need to return and print something at the same time? I don't think so. I mean maybe maybe it's two different values. Yeah. And then like you could return someone's password but you print their username. Oh yeah. Yeah. I like that. All right All right. And I know you got number two. Got? I thought you completed number two. I thought I did too but it's showing me that I didn't. Oh okay. But maybe I have a run code setup here. Yeah. I have to add this to research. Okay
All right. And I know you got number two. Got? I thought you completed number two. I thought I did too but it's showing me that I didn't. Oh okay. But maybe I have a run code setup here. Yeah. I have to add this to research. Okay Okay. So two is we've decided to add logging to our smash to our two smash function from the previous exercise. Define to smash which is total candies print splitting total candies. Candies return total candies. Ooh. Percentage is I'm going to look at what the percentage is because I don't know
Okay. So two is we've decided to add logging to our smash to our two smash function from the previous exercise. Define to smash which is total candies print splitting total candies. Candies return total candies. Ooh. Percentage is I'm going to look at what the percentage is because I don't know The model models. Okay. And I'm saying your own. Okay. I'm also trying to see where we oh it was during functions I think. It's an hour. Oh. What up? I bet we had a all our Raiders are we're watching Daniel Roe for next stuff. Welcome welcome welcome. Yay. Next raid
The model models. Okay. And I'm saying your own. Okay. I'm also trying to see where we oh it was during functions I think. It's an hour. Oh. What up? I bet we had a all our Raiders are we're watching Daniel Roe for next stuff. Welcome welcome welcome. Yay. Next raid Yay. Next raid. We are lurking at if you're for everyone that is amazing at next and I've hosted a lot of the next nations and the few nations, view forward, all of those. So love the next community. We are working on learning Python. So come hang out with us
Yay. Next raid. We are lurking at if you're for everyone that is amazing at next and I've hosted a lot of the next nations and the few nations, view forward, all of those. So love the next community. We are working on learning Python. So come hang out with us We are learning from scratch which is fun because it's also like learning the coding shortcuts and stuff and like the fundamentals there and yay. Thank you for the follow
We are learning from scratch which is fun because it's also like learning the coding shortcuts and stuff and like the fundamentals there and yay. Thank you for the follow We are currently going through finishing up exercises we did about two weeks ago, which is always really confusing when you're like going back into something and you're like wait a minute. It's been too long. I don't remember what we were doing. So that is what we're currently going back to do
We are currently going through finishing up exercises we did about two weeks ago, which is always really confusing when you're like going back into something and you're like wait a minute. It's been too long. I don't remember what we were doing. So that is what we're currently going back to do I am curious with everyone that just rated. What up Daniel? What were you guys learning? Daniel, what were you working on today? I saw that you were streaming also doing something in the NUX Discord I think yesterday too. Which is pretty cool. It's a very cool community y'all
I am curious with everyone that just rated. What up Daniel? What were you guys learning? Daniel, what were you working on today? I saw that you were streaming also doing something in the NUX Discord I think yesterday too. Which is pretty cool. It's a very cool community y'all For any of the other viewers, check out the NUX community. They're really cool. And go follow Daniel. Let's go show it out. Oh, shout out. Yay. Shout out. Daniel, go follow. Making rips. Yes. Okay. It's called a modulus. A modulus
For any of the other viewers, check out the NUX community. They're really cool. And go follow Daniel. Let's go show it out. Oh, shout out. Yay. Shout out. Daniel, go follow. Making rips. Yes. Okay. It's called a modulus. A modulus A modulus. Which chapter do we learn about it? Was it the functions and getting help? Yes. Yes. We was the operator that we learned about. Yes. And for those that just rated here are links to everything that we're working on and to us. Oh. The work on Docs and released the new NUX version. Yay
A modulus. Which chapter do we learn about it? Was it the functions and getting help? Yes. Yes. We was the operator that we learned about. Yes. And for those that just rated here are links to everything that we're working on and to us. Oh. The work on Docs and released the new NUX version. Yay Yay. Oh, NUX Nation is coming up, y'all. I don't know if they've announced dates yet. But I just remembered we have a station coming up. I think in two or three months, which is always a lot of fun. Open source framework. Yeah. I know. So I had to hop into this and figure out what it was
Yay. Oh, NUX Nation is coming up, y'all. I don't know if they've announced dates yet. But I just remembered we have a station coming up. I think in two or three months, which is always a lot of fun. Open source framework. Yeah. I know. So I had to hop into this and figure out what it was No, like that's great. The View School is a company that does a ton of certifications and training on the on NUXN view, which are, oh, we're going to. I'm glad there's still like so many people here because then you can correct me if I'm wrong
No, like that's great. The View School is a company that does a ton of certifications and training on the on NUXN view, which are, oh, we're going to. I'm glad there's still like so many people here because then you can correct me if I'm wrong So with JavaScript, like you have vanilla JavaScript, but then you have meta frameworks, which are like ways that build specifically on top of that vanilla JavaScript, which is what view is
So with JavaScript, like you have vanilla JavaScript, but then you have meta frameworks, which are like ways that build specifically on top of that vanilla JavaScript, which is what view is And then you have a, what is it called? A same next next to view as in next is to react, doesn't help because I need to know what they're called. Or is next to the meta framework. NUXN is the meta framework. NUXN is the meta framework. So view is the framework. And it's a great way to Google
And then you have a, what is it called? A same next next to view as in next is to react, doesn't help because I need to know what they're called. Or is next to the meta framework. NUXN is the meta framework. NUXN is the meta framework. So view is the framework. And it's a great way to Google And what makes it even more confusing when I was first learning JavaScript was what you put TypeScript into and how to explain like TypeScript because it's not a meta framework. But yes, I'm curious if NUXN has announced. It hasn't announced 2020 yet, but I'm going to get very distracted on that
And what makes it even more confusing when I was first learning JavaScript was what you put TypeScript into and how to explain like TypeScript because it's not a meta framework. But yes, I'm curious if NUXN has announced. It hasn't announced 2020 yet, but I'm going to get very distracted on that And I'm curious last question for the audience because before I go fully distracted is how many people also code outside of JavaScript? Like do you know another language that you use often? And if so, why do you use JavaScript or why do you which for each language? I'm curious
And I'm curious last question for the audience because before I go fully distracted is how many people also code outside of JavaScript? Like do you know another language that you use often? And if so, why do you use JavaScript or why do you which for each language? I'm curious But if we go look at scroll down, scroll down, scroll down, I know you put them in here, you put a table and I thought they put the table in here. Of what? Maybe it's on a different exercise. It wouldn't be under syntax in variables. What is it? I wonder if that's where they define it
But if we go look at scroll down, scroll down, scroll down, I know you put them in here, you put a table and I thought they put the table in here. Of what? Maybe it's on a different exercise. It wouldn't be under syntax in variables. What is it? I wonder if that's where they define it It should be under Hello Python. Oh Java for Minecraft stuff
It should be under Hello Python. Oh Java for Minecraft stuff I did an episode on Go and with Teach Shun Tech, like I did it when when I first started the show, it was like everybody I would just have like random people come on whenever they could and would learn all about the stuff like Daniel's been on the show and that was super fun
I did an episode on Go and with Teach Shun Tech, like I did it when when I first started the show, it was like everybody I would just have like random people come on whenever they could and would learn all about the stuff like Daniel's been on the show and that was super fun It was, but what I think when I had somebody on for Go, I was like, this makes no sense yet. We'll look at it eventually, but I haven't checked out Pearl yet. And Java for Minecraft, Modding, that makes sense. It's probably a lot of fun
It was, but what I think when I had somebody on for Go, I was like, this makes no sense yet. We'll look at it eventually, but I haven't checked out Pearl yet. And Java for Minecraft, Modding, that makes sense. It's probably a lot of fun They mentioned it once at the end of Boolean, or at the end of functions and getting it. That is one thing like when Jay's been streaming with us that looking at this and I'm like, y'all mentioned it once
They mentioned it once at the end of Boolean, or at the end of functions and getting it. That is one thing like when Jay's been streaming with us that looking at this and I'm like, y'all mentioned it once How am I supposed to remember this? But to your point, Damian, going to that most people do this day after day, not weeks, like a week separating it, they probably remember it more. But you'd be surprised even when I was in a stuff after that, I still would forget
How am I supposed to remember this? But to your point, Damian, going to that most people do this day after day, not weeks, like a week separating it, they probably remember it more. But you'd be surprised even when I was in a stuff after that, I still would forget So Modulus is the Intrature Remainter after Division of A by B. Okay. So return total candies, Intrature, how do they say it? Intrature Remainter after Division of A by B. Okay. Just what's remaining after I divide whatever. Yeah
So Modulus is the Intrature Remainter after Division of A by B. Okay. So return total candies, Intrature, how do they say it? Intrature Remainter after Division of A by B. Okay. Just what's remaining after I divide whatever. Yeah Yeah. And what happens if we call it with total candies one, spending total candies, that isn't great grammar, but modify the definition in the cell below to correct the grammar of our print statement. There's only one candy. We should use the singular candy instead of plural candies
Yeah. And what happens if we call it with total candies one, spending total candies, that isn't great grammar, but modify the definition in the cell below to correct the grammar of our print statement. There's only one candy. We should use the singular candy instead of plural candies So modifying the definition would just be changing total candy, right? Yes. So modifying the definition basically I think they want you to, because you did not do this one. I did not do this one. No, I was going for that. It isn't if and else statement
So modifying the definition would just be changing total candy, right? Yes. So modifying the definition basically I think they want you to, because you did not do this one. I did not do this one. No, I was going for that. It isn't if and else statement Oh, if greater than one equals, it equals candies, if less, if equal to one equal candy, right? I mean, you can make it even easier. I think I put a, well, I'm not going to take what I put out what you do. No, you can tell me why you put this one
Oh, if greater than one equals, it equals candies, if less, if equal to one equal candy, right? I mean, you can make it even easier. I think I put a, well, I'm not going to take what I put out what you do. No, you can tell me why you put this one I don't know why this one I'm having a hard time with. And paper bullets, thank you for suggesting that of modulus is like the three percentage four equals one. So how much is left over after 13 was 13 was divided by four. And there'd be one left. So I had an if statement defining what a candy was
I don't know why this one I'm having a hard time with. And paper bullets, thank you for suggesting that of modulus is like the three percentage four equals one. So how much is left over after 13 was 13 was divided by four. And there'd be one left. So I had an if statement defining what a candy was And then instead of making an else statement that is defined as made in else statement be everything else. And you put that before print, right? Well, there's two prints because there's a pretty different things. I'm just going to run it the way it is. I see what it's print splitting. Okay
And then instead of making an else statement that is defined as made in else statement be everything else. And you put that before print, right? Well, there's two prints because there's a pretty different things. I'm just going to run it the way it is. I see what it's print splitting. Okay Okay. So if total candies equal greater than one print splitting candies else total candies equal one prints. Oh, it wants me to rename it though. Rename what? Candy. But do I have to rename it up here or just rename it on the printout? I rename mine on the printout. All right. Let's see
Okay. So if total candies equal greater than one print splitting candies else total candies equal one prints. Oh, it wants me to rename it though. Rename what? Candy. But do I have to rename it up here or just rename it on the printout? I rename mine on the printout. All right. Let's see Let's see. Invalid syntax. Purely kids in new space. No, they have total candies. Equal. You spaced it in the wrong area. So that. I will say this is like syntax is man trying to learn these. Spacing between the one and the upper. Oh. Bro, you just really don't like me
Let's see. Invalid syntax. Purely kids in new space. No, they have total candies. Equal. You spaced it in the wrong area. So that. I will say this is like syntax is man trying to learn these. Spacing between the one and the upper. Oh. Bro, you just really don't like me Uh, do I have to be in quotes? Maybe I have to be in quotes. Let's figure it out. All right. Not quotes parentheses. Oh, equal equals equal equals. I said that at the beginning. Wait. Wait, wait, no, no. We're going to get it. Expected this. Hey. And then tension air. And this is equal equals
Uh, do I have to be in quotes? Maybe I have to be in quotes. Let's figure it out. All right. Not quotes parentheses. Oh, equal equals equal equals. I said that at the beginning. Wait. Wait, wait, no, no. We're going to get it. Expected this. Hey. And then tension air. And this is equal equals Oh, my goodness. Unexpected and dead. But you just wanted it in dead earlier. You're going to say what happened. Because one is greater than. Anything greater than one is one. Hmm, right? What? Anything greater than one is one is. Oh. Oh
Oh, my goodness. Unexpected and dead. But you just wanted it in dead earlier. You're going to say what happened. Because one is greater than. Anything greater than one is one. Hmm, right? What? Anything greater than one is one is. Oh. Oh Oh. Oh. So as Jay has told me a couple of times, and L statement is everything else that is not your if or else if. Oh, so I would need. Elsa. Try it. Um, yeah. Oh, my gosh. I don't know why per punctuation has to change so much on these. Like, why don't they work the same? Bam
Oh. Oh. So as Jay has told me a couple of times, and L statement is everything else that is not your if or else if. Oh, so I would need. Elsa. Try it. Um, yeah. Oh, my gosh. I don't know why per punctuation has to change so much on these. Like, why don't they work the same? Bam I think I got a right. I don't know why it's saying another one again. Hmm. Oh, um, if told candy. If. The one is the return. Um, thank you, Jay. So Jay is joining us from YouTube and says, hey, you're learning
I think I got a right. I don't know why it's saying another one again. Hmm. Oh, um, if told candy. If. The one is the return. Um, thank you, Jay. So Jay is joining us from YouTube and says, hey, you're learning And also, uh, I'm proud that you're able to look at the areas and quickly make your corrections. Great work. Um, of course, it is still dog order and I won't give it compliments. That is fair
And also, uh, I'm proud that you're able to look at the areas and quickly make your corrections. Great work. Um, of course, it is still dog order and I won't give it compliments. That is fair Um, I feel how did, and I'm just curious because, uh, with so many people like when you were learning, did, age, do you ever learn life because it is really difficult to learn life because I'm like, I can't look at this part of my screen or I'll be like, do they give me the answer
Um, I feel how did, and I'm just curious because, uh, with so many people like when you were learning, did, age, do you ever learn life because it is really difficult to learn life because I'm like, I can't look at this part of my screen or I'll be like, do they give me the answer Or are they really mean? It's hard to like mess up publicly
Or are they really mean? It's hard to like mess up publicly But it's also a lot of fun to be like, okay, I'm going to get this, I'm going to get this. Um, I feel like two smash equals 12. Then yeah, this is, I think this is right. Because of the answer that I got, I just, if you remove, if you remove return, they don't give it to the one by the way
But it's also a lot of fun to be like, okay, I'm going to get this, I'm going to get this. Um, I feel like two smash equals 12. Then yeah, this is, I think this is right. Because of the answer that I got, I just, if you remove, if you remove return, they don't give it to the one by the way Oh, I don't really don't remember what it is. And Python, isn't this? Oh, yeah. Bam. Nailed it. See the official, to get credit for this, you still have to run the solution. Okay. Oh. That's how I did mine for the most part, except I put splitting common, total candies, common candy
Oh, I don't really don't remember what it is. And Python, isn't this? Oh, yeah. Bam. Nailed it. See the official, to get credit for this, you still have to run the solution. Okay. Oh. That's how I did mine for the most part, except I put splitting common, total candies, common candy But you got the same answer, right? Mm-hmm. Yeah. I think that's the fun thing about these courses is you can, and, and I would say coding in general is there's multiple ways of doing something. Oh, we got a spicy one. In the tutorial, we talked about deciding whether we're prepared for weather
But you got the same answer, right? Mm-hmm. Yeah. I think that's the fun thing about these courses is you can, and, and I would say coding in general is there's multiple ways of doing something. Oh, we got a spicy one. In the tutorial, we talked about deciding whether we're prepared for weather Whether we're prepared for the weather. Okay. I said that I'm safe from today's weather. If I have an umbrella or if the rain isn't too heavy and I have a hood, otherwise it's fine unless it's raining and it's work day
Whether we're prepared for the weather. Okay. I said that I'm safe from today's weather. If I have an umbrella or if the rain isn't too heavy and I have a hood, otherwise it's fine unless it's raining and it's work day The function below uses our first attempt to turn the sludge into a Python expression. I claimed that there was a bug in the code
The function below uses our first attempt to turn the sludge into a Python expression. I claimed that there was a bug in the code Can you find it? To prove that prepared for weather is buggy, come up with a set of inputs where either the function returns false, but should have returned true or the function return true and should have returned false
Can you find it? To prove that prepared for weather is buggy, come up with a set of inputs where either the function returns false, but should have returned true or the function return true and should have returned false To get credit for completing the question, you should return a correct results. Did you already solve this one? I did not solve it. Define prepared for weather. Have umbrella rain level have hood is work day
To get credit for completing the question, you should return a correct results. Did you already solve this one? I did not solve it. Define prepared for weather. Have umbrella rain level have hood is work day Return have umbrella or rain level is less than five and have hood or not rain level is greater than zero and is a work day. Have umbrella is true. Rain level zero have hood true is work day true. Actual equals prepared for weather. Have umbrella rain level have hood is work day print actual. Okay
Return have umbrella or rain level is less than five and have hood or not rain level is greater than zero and is a work day. Have umbrella is true. Rain level zero have hood true is work day true. Actual equals prepared for weather. Have umbrella rain level have hood is work day print actual. Okay Okay. I would say. What? They want. They want us to check to see if the code is spitting out true. I guess. Yeah. I guess I'm going to change that to five. No. What if I change it to six? Input set have work day. 엄마 color for the daddy. I got a как. What? You changed everything to false
Okay. I would say. What? They want. They want us to check to see if the code is spitting out true. I guess. Yeah. I guess I'm going to change that to five. No. What if I change it to six? Input set have work day. 엄마 color for the daddy. I got a как. What? You changed everything to false I changed everything to false, but I said that the brain level is six. Which it I guess the question is why did you change that? To change the variables. What did you get? I didn't give anything. I was just sitting there and I'm confusion. Okay, that works. Thank you. Thank you
I changed everything to false, but I said that the brain level is six. Which it I guess the question is why did you change that? To change the variables. What did you get? I didn't give anything. I was just sitting there and I'm confusion. Okay, that works. Thank you. Thank you Thank you. How long you get to do number four? How about I get to do number four? Yeah. The function is negative below is implemented correctly. It returns true if the given number is negative and false. Otherwise, however, it's more verbose than it needs to be
Thank you. How long you get to do number four? How about I get to do number four? Yeah. The function is negative below is implemented correctly. It returns true if the given number is negative and false. Otherwise, however, it's more verbose than it needs to be We can actually reduce the number of lines of code and it's function by 75% while keeping the same behavior. See if you can come up with an equivalent body that uses one line of code and put it in the function concise is negative hint. You don't even need pythons. Tinary and syntax
We can actually reduce the number of lines of code and it's function by 75% while keeping the same behavior. See if you can come up with an equivalent body that uses one line of code and put it in the function concise is negative hint. You don't even need pythons. Tinary and syntax Tinary and syntax. I don't know what that is. Okay, that was. I just. Oh my gosh. What is pythons scenario syntax? Now do I get back out of this? Oh. Oh. Well, that works. Okay. I hope it still works. Turn it. Turn, Nerry. Turn, Erie. There we go. Thank you
Tinary and syntax. I don't know what that is. Okay, that was. I just. Oh my gosh. What is pythons scenario syntax? Now do I get back out of this? Oh. Oh. Well, that works. Okay. I hope it still works. Turn it. Turn, Nerry. Turn, Erie. There we go. Thank you Thank you. What is it? If the condition is true, then the value, then return if value if true. Otherwise return value is false. That is what that operator is. Interesting. Okay. I like that there's a website called Geeks for Geeks. I'm geeky now. Nailed it. Okay, tell us tell us the things to type
Thank you. What is it? If the condition is true, then the value, then return if value if true. Otherwise return value is false. That is what that operator is. Interesting. Okay. I like that there's a website called Geeks for Geeks. I'm geeky now. Nailed it. Okay, tell us tell us the things to type What? Excuse me. We'll share your screen and show them then. Oh. Because you get to show this one. Or you can tell me what to type. Well, I'm still trying to figure it out myself. Yeah. And sweep and sweep. See or two. Hey, and sweep. I in my assumption, it was if number is less than one
What? Excuse me. We'll share your screen and show them then. Oh. Because you get to show this one. Or you can tell me what to type. Well, I'm still trying to figure it out myself. Yeah. And sweep and sweep. See or two. Hey, and sweep. I in my assumption, it was if number is less than one Should be could return true. But it said it wants it on one line. I don't know if you can put anything else on one line. Is it a statement? I'm going to copy and paste this into. I know we have. I know we have. Yeah. Um, Jays trolling on YouTube. They all so you don't see the chat
Should be could return true. But it said it wants it on one line. I don't know if you can put anything else on one line. Is it a statement? I'm going to copy and paste this into. I know we have. I know we have. Yeah. Um, Jays trolling on YouTube. They all so you don't see the chat I just copy and pasted the text into the Twitch chat. If anybody wants to try typing it out themselves, you're welcome to it. I will try it and put it in here. But Jays comments are, David, we've done this before. That's not a J voice, but that's what I'm going to go with
I just copy and pasted the text into the Twitch chat. If anybody wants to try typing it out themselves, you're welcome to it. I will try it and put it in here. But Jays comments are, David, we've done this before. That's not a J voice, but that's what I'm going to go with Now I'm going to cheese and open up visual studio. Oh, the. And sweep said pythons. Ture, Nari syntax means if statement, the hint is saying that you don't need one. We don't need this statement. And. Oh. Okay
Now I'm going to cheese and open up visual studio. Oh, the. And sweep said pythons. Ture, Nari syntax means if statement, the hint is saying that you don't need one. We don't need this statement. And. Oh. Okay And. Oh. Okay. I don't think this is going to work, but I'm just going to randomly put all of this on one line and just see what happens. I don't think it's going to work, but it sounds amusing. I don't think it's going to work. I don't think it's going to work. I don't think it's going to work
And. Oh. Okay. I don't think this is going to work, but I'm just going to randomly put all of this on one line and just see what happens. I don't think it's going to work, but it sounds amusing. I don't think it's going to work. I don't think it's going to work. I don't think it's going to work I don't think it's going to work. I don't think it's going to work. I don't think it's going to work. I don't think it's going to work. I don't think it's going to work. I don't think it's going to work. I don't think it's going to work. I don't think it's going to work
I don't think it's going to work. I don't think it's going to work. I don't think it's going to work. I don't think it's going to work. I don't think it's going to work. I don't think it's going to work. I don't think it's going to work. I don't think it's going to work I don't think it's going to work. I don't think it's going to work. I don't think it's going to work. I don't think it's going to work. I don't think it's going to work. I don't think it's going to work. I don't think it's going to work
I don't think it's going to work. I don't think it's going to work. I don't think it's going to work. I don't think it's going to work. I don't think it's going to work. I don't think it's going to work. I don't think it's going to work And we gave another hint to our stuff of one line if statement are a thing, but their syntax are different. We think the hint they are still if statements, however. However, it felt like a rather really weirdly, but that's okay. You can even spell number. I know that's that's where I'm at
And we gave another hint to our stuff of one line if statement are a thing, but their syntax are different. We think the hint they are still if statements, however. However, it felt like a rather really weirdly, but that's okay. You can even spell number. I know that's that's where I'm at I'm going to get really, while you're working on this, I'm just going to distract everybody with stuff. Oh, okay. Guys. I'm waiting for J to blow up my discord. Tell me. Y'all look how cool this logo is. It's amazing. Isn't it really pretty? Damien made it. Damien made the logo for teach Gen Tech
I'm going to get really, while you're working on this, I'm just going to distract everybody with stuff. Oh, okay. Guys. I'm waiting for J to blow up my discord. Tell me. Y'all look how cool this logo is. It's amazing. Isn't it really pretty? Damien made it. Damien made the logo for teach Gen Tech And I love Elefits. I don't know if we uploaded the other one. Number of uploads. Oh, it is. I got to get a lighter background. Do, do, do, do. Look how cool it is. It is a very cool logo. It's so pretty. It's so wrong. It's pretty. I'm going to get a lighter background
And I love Elefits. I don't know if we uploaded the other one. Number of uploads. Oh, it is. I got to get a lighter background. Do, do, do, do. Look how cool it is. It is a very cool logo. It's so pretty. It's so wrong. It's pretty. I'm going to get a lighter background I'm going to get a lighter background. I see it on black background. Yeah. J said, nope, you will learn today. Oh, Jesus. I'm curious for all those that are watching. How long did it take you to learn a language? Like your first language. Or maybe your second language
I'm going to get a lighter background. I see it on black background. Yeah. J said, nope, you will learn today. Oh, Jesus. I'm curious for all those that are watching. How long did it take you to learn a language? Like your first language. Or maybe your second language Coding language is because I'm still working on learning a second spoken language. But coding language. How long did it take you to learn the first one? I think it's the second one. Oh, and so we've given up their hint. No if else, etc. necessary. The syntax you want is deceptively simple
Coding language is because I'm still working on learning a second spoken language. But coding language. How long did it take you to learn the first one? I think it's the second one. Oh, and so we've given up their hint. No if else, etc. necessary. The syntax you want is deceptively simple I think this. If it helps, I know that they showed us some one liners. I don't want that part. Let's go here. This is like the reverse of what they showed for. For going to a multiple liner, but this is how they originally had it in there. So they used or or not
I think this. If it helps, I know that they showed us some one liners. I don't want that part. Let's go here. This is like the reverse of what they showed for. For going to a multiple liner, but this is how they originally had it in there. So they used or or not Yeah, I was going to try to do that. Yeah, thank you for the follow, Johnny. So if falls. You see how you have the put the F. I learned or gave hints of return number less than zero. Which that doesn't give us enough context to know where we're putting that in there. But then also
Yeah, I was going to try to do that. Yeah, thank you for the follow, Johnny. So if falls. You see how you have the put the F. I learned or gave hints of return number less than zero. Which that doesn't give us enough context to know where we're putting that in there. But then also But then also. You should only be removing code. And then you can just use it. You don't need to be added. Learned learning and goes context. You have the answer. Yeah, but we're going to phone a friend. The phone a friend would like to join us and be able to explain it in the way they explain it
But then also. You should only be removing code. And then you can just use it. You don't need to be added. Learned learning and goes context. You have the answer. Yeah, but we're going to phone a friend. The phone a friend would like to join us and be able to explain it in the way they explain it So please stand by as the teacher steps into a room. Yeah, it's just tell us the things. Tell us the things. Okay. I'm giving Jay a migraine. No, I read it wrong too because it's course is dog water. Okay, let's let's go back to the question that it's asking
So please stand by as the teacher steps into a room. Yeah, it's just tell us the things. Tell us the things. Okay. I'm giving Jay a migraine. No, I read it wrong too because it's course is dog water. Okay, let's let's go back to the question that it's asking Okay, I might have to refresh it because I was just messing with things. Well, Oh, yes, let's do that because this one was. I wasn't working on it as much to let Damien. I'm not sure if we can do that. We're going to. We're going to. We will. We will switch the shares. It's fine. Okay. So what
Okay, I might have to refresh it because I was just messing with things. Well, Oh, yes, let's do that because this one was. I wasn't working on it as much to let Damien. I'm not sure if we can do that. We're going to. We're going to. We will. We will switch the shares. It's fine. Okay. So what Okay. So what. What they're basically saying is. And this is this is a. Can you zoom in a smidge. This is one of those things that is. Beginner Python mistake. That you will catch yourself doing even when you're no longer a beginner Python developer
Okay. So what. What they're basically saying is. And this is this is a. Can you zoom in a smidge. This is one of those things that is. Beginner Python mistake. That you will catch yourself doing even when you're no longer a beginner Python developer Often you can just test a thing and remember when you test a thing, it gives you back true or false. So when you say. If number is less than zero. The result of that line is either going to be true or false
Often you can just test a thing and remember when you test a thing, it gives you back true or false. So when you say. If number is less than zero. The result of that line is either going to be true or false So you don't need to return if number, you know, if number less than zero return true otherwise return false. Because what you're saying is if number is less than zero return. If number less than zero else return number less than zero. Because they're the same thing. It's like algebra
So you don't need to return if number, you know, if number less than zero return true otherwise return false. Because what you're saying is if number is less than zero return. If number less than zero else return number less than zero. Because they're the same thing. It's like algebra It's like algebra. Give what I'm saying. Jen, you get what I'm saying. Okay. So Jen. If I ran is negative and my number was four. If number less than zero would equal would be what. It would be negative. Is is four less than zero. Oh, no. Four isn't less than zero negative four is less than zero
It's like algebra. Give what I'm saying. Jen, you get what I'm saying. Okay. So Jen. If I ran is negative and my number was four. If number less than zero would equal would be what. It would be negative. Is is four less than zero. Oh, no. Four isn't less than zero negative four is less than zero Right. So if I did if number was four. Four less than zero would be false. If the number was negative four. If negative four less than zero, the result of that would be true. So you don't have to say. If this return true otherwise return false because that's that's what it's doing anyway
Right. So if I did if number was four. Four less than zero would be false. If the number was negative four. If negative four less than zero, the result of that would be true. So you don't have to say. If this return true otherwise return false because that's that's what it's doing anyway You can just return number less than zero. And it will it will just return true if that's true or false if that's false. I'm removing all of this. And I know we did this months ago and I'm sorry I'm going to put you it again. You did� that. You got to do. Add it
You can just return number less than zero. And it will it will just return true if that's true or false if that's false. I'm removing all of this. And I know we did this months ago and I'm sorry I'm going to put you it again. You did� that. You got to do. Add it Add it. So I feel like we went through this trying to me. Learning and it's been so many months that I don't remember and I'm sorry. But 68 Rose 35. Butыш pause time, Janice, it's self returns the value. Yeah. And the way that you would check that is you would just say what that result is
Add it. So I feel like we went through this trying to me. Learning and it's been so many months that I don't remember and I'm sorry. But 68 Rose 35. Butыш pause time, Janice, it's self returns the value. Yeah. And the way that you would check that is you would just say what that result is So if you looked at it and you said if true. Colin or if false, Colin, that tells you exactly like right there of. I'm testing for true. I'm testing for false. If it's true or false, I don't need to return true or false. I just need to return the result. I'm just going to be able to. Okay
So if you looked at it and you said if true. Colin or if false, Colin, that tells you exactly like right there of. I'm testing for true. I'm testing for false. If it's true or false, I don't need to return true or false. I just need to return the result. I'm just going to be able to. Okay Okay. I think I understand. Alright, I'm disappearing now. I'll jump back in. If. If someone else outs lot enough. Back to the YouTube room. Yeah, join me. Join us after the stream where Damian and I will be reviewing classes and Python. We're Damian's brain. We've been out some from his years
Okay. I think I understand. Alright, I'm disappearing now. I'll jump back in. If. If someone else outs lot enough. Back to the YouTube room. Yeah, join me. Join us after the stream where Damian and I will be reviewing classes and Python. We're Damian's brain. We've been out some from his years Probably, but that's that's how we learn. You've seen this before. Like you brought up a thing that we saw before it. I was like, yes, good job. You're remembering. That's the point of it. We melt your brain so it just rebuilds with more Python knowledge in it. Alright, have fun. Y'all great. Bye
Probably, but that's that's how we learn. You've seen this before. Like you brought up a thing that we saw before it. I was like, yes, good job. You're remembering. That's the point of it. We melt your brain so it just rebuilds with more Python knowledge in it. Alright, have fun. Y'all great. Bye Y'all great. Bye. Okay, bye. So I guess five. Are you going to know? No, you can do it, but I will say for those who are watching. If they do stream right afterwards. J will stream on Twitch as well. And we can always read you over. So you can continue on the learning
Y'all great. Bye. Okay, bye. So I guess five. Are you going to know? No, you can do it, but I will say for those who are watching. If they do stream right afterwards. J will stream on Twitch as well. And we can always read you over. So you can continue on the learning Juni, but I like how I said that we were going to do. List today to you and I'm like. I know we're actually going to do lists today. I think it might just be far. We can get finishing this one. Yeah, let's see if I can go ahead before we talk about that. Oh, yeah, because there are
Juni, but I like how I said that we were going to do. List today to you and I'm like. I know we're actually going to do lists today. I think it might just be far. We can get finishing this one. Yeah, let's see if I can go ahead before we talk about that. Oh, yeah, because there are Yeah, I don't think we're going to get that far. Yeah, five a we got some ketchup and mustard and. I am linking. Everyone's stuff really quick. If you want to follow them. Okay, then I'll read this. The Boolean variables catch up mustard and onion
Yeah, I don't think we're going to get that far. Yeah, five a we got some ketchup and mustard and. I am linking. Everyone's stuff really quick. If you want to follow them. Okay, then I'll read this. The Boolean variables catch up mustard and onion Represent whether a customer wants particular topping on their hot dog. We want to implement a number of Boolean functions that correspond to some. Yes or no questions about the customer's order. For example, onions, onion lists catch up mustard onion return
Represent whether a customer wants particular topping on their hot dog. We want to implement a number of Boolean functions that correspond to some. Yes or no questions about the customer's order. For example, onions, onion lists catch up mustard onion return Where the customer doesn't want onions return not onion. Okay. I guess. What in. And. Yeah, totally understand it. I understand it, but I guess I don't understand what the question is. Oh, they want to. The customer wants the works author Tom feeds and it passes, but. Do we need to. Tell it
Where the customer doesn't want onions return not onion. Okay. I guess. What in. And. Yeah, totally understand it. I understand it, but I guess I don't understand what the question is. Oh, they want to. The customer wants the works author Tom feeds and it passes, but. Do we need to. Tell it Tell it. To say return all return works. Yeah, I'm assuming. I don't know why these all the words, but return awards. I mean, wouldn't it be. I see some. See some things. Didn't even have the read at night. Jay, come on. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. Okay. Come on. Switch
Tell it. To say return all return works. Yeah, I'm assuming. I don't know why these all the words, but return awards. I mean, wouldn't it be. I see some. See some things. Didn't even have the read at night. Jay, come on. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. Okay. Come on. Switch Come on. Switch. So people see all the comments. Infinite. Recursion. From end sweep. Ah. I'm going to. So. Shouldn't we define the words? I do think we. But I think you're still in comment world. What? There you go. Try typing now. Oh. I think you said you're in. I think you might have to
Come on. Switch. So people see all the comments. Infinite. Recursion. From end sweep. Ah. I'm going to. So. Shouldn't we define the words? I do think we. But I think you're still in comment world. What? There you go. Try typing now. Oh. I think you said you're in. I think you might have to I might be too indented and need to lead. Why is it. Okay. I think I think red is just. How they. The customer wants the words. I think we're going to. Okay. So. We're turning. This is one right to the first one. How do you check if one variable and another variable are both true? The
I might be too indented and need to lead. Why is it. Okay. I think I think red is just. How they. The customer wants the words. I think we're going to. Okay. So. We're turning. This is one right to the first one. How do you check if one variable and another variable are both true? The Double equals. Now. Double equals. Because it would be equals to. Now, as the hijack. What? I want to work with people not machines because I'm so bad at it. Um. You're not bad at it. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. You just said it, Jen. Uh oh. What did I just say? What did you just say? Oh
Double equals. Now. Double equals. Because it would be equals to. Now, as the hijack. What? I want to work with people not machines because I'm so bad at it. Um. You're not bad at it. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. You just said it, Jen. Uh oh. What did I just say? What did you just say? Oh I just said what endsweetside. What did you say? I just said what endsweepside. So I just. I don't want to take. Credit for that. Of endsweepside. Uh, how do you. If one variable is true and another variable is true? They want you to use the. Operator. Oh, I hate it. Yeah. Uh, It's it's going
I just said what endsweetside. What did you say? I just said what endsweepside. So I just. I don't want to take. Credit for that. Of endsweepside. Uh, how do you. If one variable is true and another variable is true? They want you to use the. Operator. Oh, I hate it. Yeah. Uh, It's it's going So what's going. That is how. If you don't know, you're gonna say that this is. And that's what happened. So that's what happened. What's going? That is how... Which my argument with this is I like all of this is wrong. But..
So what's going. That is how. If you don't know, you're gonna say that this is. And that's what happened. So that's what happened. What's going? That is how... Which my argument with this is I like all of this is wrong. But.. But... Jay has convinced it is the course we're taking, which I'm not saying is not, like he's not wrong. Are you serious? I hate it. I hate it so much. I'm not going to want to let them go. Damien, how would I write this? I'm not like this. But we are committed to finishing this course. I have..
But... Jay has convinced it is the course we're taking, which I'm not saying is not, like he's not wrong. Are you serious? I hate it. I hate it so much. I'm not going to want to let them go. Damien, how would I write this? I'm not like this. But we are committed to finishing this course. I have.. I have... I haven't gone to certificate yet. I want to certificate. It'll be my first certificate. I really want the certificate. That's fair. We are not going to do this course once we are done. We only have a couple more left
I have... I haven't gone to certificate yet. I want to certificate. It'll be my first certificate. I really want the certificate. That's fair. We are not going to do this course once we are done. We only have a couple more left If all they're doing is checking that the function is correct, you could also do return all and then inside of a list do catch up, muster, nonean. That's how I would write it. I would also make toppings the thing that you pass in. And then you would do the same thing
If all they're doing is checking that the function is correct, you could also do return all and then inside of a list do catch up, muster, nonean. That's how I would write it. I would also make toppings the thing that you pass in. And then you would do the same thing You would say return all toppings. Yeah, toppings would be a list, I assume. Not just that. And then you could unpack that list. So it would be once all toppings star toppings. And then they could once all toppings can pass in whatever it wants. Not just catch up, muster nonean
You would say return all toppings. Yeah, toppings would be a list, I assume. Not just that. And then you could unpack that list. So it would be once all toppings star toppings. And then they could once all toppings can pass in whatever it wants. Not just catch up, muster nonean You could cheese, let us tomato, yada, yada, yada, yada. Enjoy your food liner. Yeah. In reality, this function would never exist like this. It would actually be like a keyword, only arguments that you would pass in for toppings
You could cheese, let us tomato, yada, yada, yada, yada. Enjoy your food liner. Yeah. In reality, this function would never exist like this. It would actually be like a keyword, only arguments that you would pass in for toppings That way you would say catch up equals true, mustered equals true, onion equals false. Again, that's not... That's not... This course is bad. Okay, I'm not going to disappear. I'm just going to mute and then let y'all keep going. It's a bit of a fancy as facial expressions every time
That way you would say catch up equals true, mustered equals true, onion equals false. Again, that's not... That's not... This course is bad. Okay, I'm not going to disappear. I'm just going to mute and then let y'all keep going. It's a bit of a fancy as facial expressions every time I think this would be better to see facial expressions. I guess also, like, I'm going back. I'm going to still the screen share really quick, just so that way people see... Go for it. No, I want to give it back to you. I don't want to, like, permanently have it
I think this would be better to see facial expressions. I guess also, like, I'm going back. I'm going to still the screen share really quick, just so that way people see... Go for it. No, I want to give it back to you. I don't want to, like, permanently have it I just want to borrow it really quick. I was just borrowing. You're still on five. I will take six. There are more. There are more problems after this. There are... There are... It's a solo vac. There you go. I just have to remove you from stage. You have admin access now, so you can do more
I just want to borrow it really quick. I was just borrowing. You're still on five. I will take six. There are more. There are more problems after this. There are... There are... It's a solo vac. There you go. I just have to remove you from stage. You have admin access now, so you can do more But, so, just so everybody knows, this is the course we're taking. We are finishing up bullions and conditionals, which... Don't share this course with people. It's not worth it. We're sharing the course, so that way they know if they want to do the same course. They can make their own opinions
But, so, just so everybody knows, this is the course we're taking. We are finishing up bullions and conditionals, which... Don't share this course with people. It's not worth it. We're sharing the course, so that way they know if they want to do the same course. They can make their own opinions They don't. Wow. Y'all can listen to Jack. But this is what we're going to finish. So it's not horribly long. It's just the bullions and conditionals testing is not going well. And we will start on list next time, apparently. But, there's not..
They don't. Wow. Y'all can listen to Jack. But this is what we're going to finish. So it's not horribly long. It's just the bullions and conditionals testing is not going well. And we will start on list next time, apparently. But, there's not.. But, there's not... After we're done with the seven, we get a fancy certification. We will go take a different course. We'll do it somewhere else. There's other options. So I just want to let everybody know. We're just sticking through it to see it through
But, there's not... After we're done with the seven, we get a fancy certification. We will go take a different course. We'll do it somewhere else. There's other options. So I just want to let everybody know. We're just sticking through it to see it through Let's just make something instead of taking a course. No, I want something that I can refer back to. And actually learn this stuff from. So that way, Jay has something to argue from. Okay. And then I learned about it because Jay argues with it
Let's just make something instead of taking a course. No, I want something that I can refer back to. And actually learn this stuff from. So that way, Jay has something to argue from. Okay. And then I learned about it because Jay argues with it And it makes it easier to remember stuff because it's more comical. But, here is... You're screened back? Yeah, there you go. Okay. The Boolean variables, Gadget, most of them, you represent whether a customer wants particulars happening on their hot dot
And it makes it easier to remember stuff because it's more comical. But, here is... You're screened back? Yeah, there you go. Okay. The Boolean variables, Gadget, most of them, you represent whether a customer wants particulars happening on their hot dot If you want to implement number of Boolean functions that correspond with some external questions, did I? Yeah, I just, for some reason, refreshed. You did A. Now there's B. Oh. No, I did this. And this is A. Return not on you. Okay. So I think it's just and and and then not
If you want to implement number of Boolean functions that correspond with some external questions, did I? Yeah, I just, for some reason, refreshed. You did A. Now there's B. Oh. No, I did this. And this is A. Return not on you. Okay. So I think it's just and and and then not Is that what they're trying to get at? The fun. Weird thing. No, I'm not. Yeah, I didn't think that was a thing. It's and or. Oh my God, what are the operators and or and. Yeah. Jan, that way out here, floating through space. I'm going back and seeing why mine doesn't look the same way yours does
Is that what they're trying to get at? The fun. Weird thing. No, I'm not. Yeah, I didn't think that was a thing. It's and or. Oh my God, what are the operators and or and. Yeah. Jan, that way out here, floating through space. I'm going back and seeing why mine doesn't look the same way yours does So that's what I was working on. Okay. Wouldn't it be. You have returned ketchup mustard onion. Did you just delete the not onion? I deleted the not because it said. Okay. Cool. I just wasn't sure if I was looking at it at that time. It's interesting. What why are you checking the other things? Me
So that's what I was working on. Okay. Wouldn't it be. You have returned ketchup mustard onion. Did you just delete the not onion? I deleted the not because it said. Okay. Cool. I just wasn't sure if I was looking at it at that time. It's interesting. What why are you checking the other things? Me I'm checking the other things because when I hit play with just this. It didn't give me anything. I guess there's no check to see the solution. So it's just asking. The solution that's so silly. Where's broken or where's broken? But I think we're on 5b. You know what? We'll just go to 5b
I'm checking the other things because when I hit play with just this. It didn't give me anything. I guess there's no check to see the solution. So it's just asking. The solution that's so silly. Where's broken or where's broken? But I think we're on 5b. You know what? We'll just go to 5b What's a plan? Hot dog. Like who's writing these tests? I just went to Chicago and had a Chicago dog. Well, okay. I couldn't have the poppy seed bun, which I'm really sad about. But celery salt, y'all. Seller is good. I like the tamale dogs. That's good. Tamales are a staple of Chicago
What's a plan? Hot dog. Like who's writing these tests? I just went to Chicago and had a Chicago dog. Well, okay. I couldn't have the poppy seed bun, which I'm really sad about. But celery salt, y'all. Seller is good. I like the tamale dogs. That's good. Tamales are a staple of Chicago Which is a second one. Yeah. So it's a weird thing that like here. I don't know. No one told us to try to release whatsoever. At all. While we were there, they said. Deep dish pizza and Chicago dogs. How was the deep dish pizza? Too cheesy
Which is a second one. Yeah. So it's a weird thing that like here. I don't know. No one told us to try to release whatsoever. At all. While we were there, they said. Deep dish pizza and Chicago dogs. How was the deep dish pizza? Too cheesy I had one like I got it because I have to eat it gluten free. I had like a smaller gluten free version, which they're like the personal size. And I had one slice out of the four slices. And after that, I was like, it's too cheesy. I can't eat it anymore. And I kind of felt nauseous
I had one like I got it because I have to eat it gluten free. I had like a smaller gluten free version, which they're like the personal size. And I had one slice out of the four slices. And after that, I was like, it's too cheesy. I can't eat it anymore. And I kind of felt nauseous But Tyler was really excited for it. But I guess a big thing in Chicago pizza, which anybody from Chicago, please correct us. If I'm saying this wrong and just what we experienced is that. There are. Big tomatoes. They use like they don't blend their tomatoes
But Tyler was really excited for it. But I guess a big thing in Chicago pizza, which anybody from Chicago, please correct us. If I'm saying this wrong and just what we experienced is that. There are. Big tomatoes. They use like they don't blend their tomatoes They are they just use very chunky tomatoes within their food. And Tyler hates chunky tomatoes. So it didn't it didn't work well. I'm not a fan of any of this. It's I don't understand why I would be ever using this. Nope. So it's just saying, hey, your syntax is wrong because mustard
They are they just use very chunky tomatoes within their food. And Tyler hates chunky tomatoes. So it didn't it didn't work well. I'm not a fan of any of this. It's I don't understand why I would be ever using this. Nope. So it's just saying, hey, your syntax is wrong because mustard Add add and before the knots. Are you fucking? Nope. I'm not I'm not getting you. Again, you want to know the better way to write this right right at the better way. Do you know like this is a better way, but okay, what's the better way of writing it? It's the not or or makes sense. No. Oops. Okay
Add add and before the knots. Are you fucking? Nope. I'm not I'm not getting you. Again, you want to know the better way to write this right right at the better way. Do you know like this is a better way, but okay, what's the better way of writing it? It's the not or or makes sense. No. Oops. Okay No. Oops. Okay. So basically you're just wanting to check the values of everything in the list. So first of all, make that a list of objects. So we have a god into list. Yeah, lists are the next one. I know. I know. But this is this is hurting my brain. Return in the return
No. Oops. Okay. So basically you're just wanting to check the values of everything in the list. So first of all, make that a list of objects. So we have a god into list. Yeah, lists are the next one. I know. I know. But this is this is hurting my brain. Return in the return Return not a list of ketchup. Mustard and onion. You're going to keep that not there. That's fine. But make a list. Catch up mustard onion. Why are you going to need to pass? Because you you have to provide something and pass tells it to just provide nothing passes. Passes a no op
Return not a list of ketchup. Mustard and onion. You're going to keep that not there. That's fine. But make a list. Catch up mustard onion. Why are you going to need to pass? Because you you have to provide something and pass tells it to just provide nothing passes. Passes a no op Passes a no op. It's a no operation. Okay. So then you're going to wrap that in all. So all and then look at a good spell. And what that. And what that says is not all of like return. The opposite of all of these things being true. Wait, what's it wanting? It's like false
Passes a no op. It's a no operation. Okay. So then you're going to wrap that in all. So all and then look at a good spell. And what that. And what that says is not all of like return. The opposite of all of these things being true. Wait, what's it wanting? It's like false That shouldn't I give false? Put on weight. If any of them are false, then it would be true. Nah, we're right. But let me just check in. I'm going here, open up my terminal, do some Python. And I'm going to say not all. We'll say false. Because they want they want to know if everything is
That shouldn't I give false? Put on weight. If any of them are false, then it would be true. Nah, we're right. But let me just check in. I'm going here, open up my terminal, do some Python. And I'm going to say not all. We'll say false. Because they want they want to know if everything is That also works. This one makes a little bit more sense, but I realized that you want to separate them like that. Scroll back up a little bit. Scroll on a. Okay, my idea work too. I don't understand what they're what they're complaining about. Probably because it's a list and let's start done yet
That also works. This one makes a little bit more sense, but I realized that you want to separate them like that. Scroll back up a little bit. Scroll on a. Okay, my idea work too. I don't understand what they're what they're complaining about. Probably because it's a list and let's start done yet Yeah, I guess. Did you still need me to be up? No, that helps. Thanks. Going to 5c. Oh goodness. Oh, wait, wait, go back, go back to 5b. I just want to see what they're saying. Catch up or mustard or onions. So if any of those are true, the return true, return not, which is the opposite of that
Yeah, I guess. Did you still need me to be up? No, that helps. Thanks. Going to 5c. Oh goodness. Oh, wait, wait, go back, go back to 5b. I just want to see what they're saying. Catch up or mustard or onions. So if any of those are true, the return true, return not, which is the opposite of that Yeah, both of these things are the same. You could also do any, actually, yeah, any probably would have been better because then if any one of those things are true, then it would return true. I said, if any of them are, I said, if all of them are true
Yeah, both of these things are the same. You could also do any, actually, yeah, any probably would have been better because then if any one of those things are true, then it would return true. I said, if any of them are, I said, if all of them are true So I guess technically I was wrong, but I would use any instead of all. And I would also not do the or thing because that's just weird. So any wrapped in. Yeah, like, yeah. Here I'll put what I how I would have written it in the chat there
So I guess technically I was wrong, but I would use any instead of all. And I would also not do the or thing because that's just weird. So any wrapped in. Yeah, like, yeah. Here I'll put what I how I would have written it in the chat there I just realized on discord that every time I go live at post it like a gazillion times, and it tags at everyone. And I'm like, that would be really freaking annoying. And so I'm going to go see if I could fix it with strength court. Okay. And I'm going to read 5c or you're doing that
I just realized on discord that every time I go live at post it like a gazillion times, and it tags at everyone. And I'm like, that would be really freaking annoying. And so I'm going to go see if I could fix it with strength court. Okay. And I'm going to read 5c or you're doing that You know, you know what to do for the next function. Fill the body to match the English description in the doc string, return whether the customer wants catch up or mustard, but not both. Who doesn't get catch up in this? Okay. You familiar with the average your name exclusive or turn
You know, you know what to do for the next function. Fill the body to match the English description in the doc string, return whether the customer wants catch up or mustard, but not both. Who doesn't get catch up in this? Okay. You familiar with the average your name exclusive or turn Is it just catch up or is that be silly? No, that's not it. Yeah. I feel like this isn't an upstatement. I feel like this isn't if statement. Yeah, it's catch up. Check check for the bad thing first. If catch up and mustard, then return. Returns. Yeah
Is it just catch up or is that be silly? No, that's not it. Yeah. I feel like this isn't an upstatement. I feel like this isn't if statement. Yeah, it's catch up. Check check for the bad thing first. If catch up and mustard, then return. Returns. Yeah Returns. Yeah. And said got so wait, even though I mean, is an on year to return. Onion doesn't matter. It's just throw an onion in there. I'm guessing this is probably some way that they're testing this is like
Returns. Yeah. And said got so wait, even though I mean, is an on year to return. Onion doesn't matter. It's just throw an onion in there. I'm guessing this is probably some way that they're testing this is like Run the function doing this run the function doing like run the function doing it three or four different ways. To see if all the tests pass, which is I mean, it's a good way to write a test. So I'll give them that they write good tests, but just just test what you're trying to test for
Run the function doing this run the function doing like run the function doing it three or four different ways. To see if all the tests pass, which is I mean, it's a good way to write a test. So I'll give them that they write good tests, but just just test what you're trying to test for So what's the knot in there? Not both. It cannot be both. So what is what is both? It cannot be catch up and mustard. So write that right. Write what you just said. Okay. So replace it with no, no, no, don't do the returns to the F statement. Not catch up. And mustard
So what's the knot in there? Not both. It cannot be both. So what is what is both? It cannot be catch up and mustard. So write that right. Write what you just said. Okay. So replace it with no, no, no, don't do the returns to the F statement. Not catch up. And mustard And mustard. You're going to want to wrap that in quotes because otherwise it's just going to not catch up. Yeah. I'm sorry, not quotes, friends. See you right. Yeah. I remember my semicolon, which is nice. You didn't remember to tab for spaces. I thought I had a mask. We did that
And mustard. You're going to want to wrap that in quotes because otherwise it's just going to not catch up. Yeah. I'm sorry, not quotes, friends. See you right. Yeah. I remember my semicolon, which is nice. You didn't remember to tab for spaces. I thought I had a mask. We did that We did that. What? See your is your I think your statement is. And it's not on the right spot. No, tab it. Tab it. No, there it goes. And then put that on the line. There we go. Here. It happens. I catch up and mustard. Please don't do if equals true return true. No. I mean
We did that. What? See your is your I think your statement is. And it's not on the right spot. No, tab it. Tab it. No, there it goes. And then put that on the line. There we go. Here. It happens. I catch up and mustard. Please don't do if equals true return true. No. I mean No. I mean. Oh, that was a few minutes ago. This one you kind of have to do if this return this because you have to check for the other thing. And they haven't taught you the walrus operator yet. So like. The walrus operator would be fantastic right here because then you could just say if result
No. I mean. Oh, that was a few minutes ago. This one you kind of have to do if this return this because you have to check for the other thing. And they haven't taught you the walrus operator yet. So like. The walrus operator would be fantastic right here because then you could just say if result Not this and this return the result. But for this we're going to do if not this return. So you got to return false false right. Yeah. Else. Is it else or else if. In theory, it can be either well, it's else. Good job. It can either be an if or it can be an LF
Not this and this return the result. But for this we're going to do if not this return. So you got to return false false right. Yeah. Else. Is it else or else if. In theory, it can be either well, it's else. Good job. It can either be an if or it can be an LF And here's why because ultimately the second one doesn't really depend on the first one. And if the exclusionary condition is met, it'll just return. So if you did if and you did if it would work perfectly fine. If you do LF. Sure, whatever you would do LF, you wouldn't do else
And here's why because ultimately the second one doesn't really depend on the first one. And if the exclusionary condition is met, it'll just return. So if you did if and you did if it would work perfectly fine. If you do LF. Sure, whatever you would do LF, you wouldn't do else Because you have another condition, you have to check if catch up or mustard. Is true. Wait, why is one sauce? Okay, that's what I did. You don't have to wrap this one in quotes because you can just do if you can do LF catch up or mustard. Right. Why I'm trying to figure out why I would do that
Because you have another condition, you have to check if catch up or mustard. Is true. Wait, why is one sauce? Okay, that's what I did. You don't have to wrap this one in quotes because you can just do if you can do LF catch up or mustard. Right. Why I'm trying to figure out why I would do that And mustard is lowercase. Why I would statement here. Because you're checking for the truthiness of both of these items and only one of them needs to be accurate. Whereas the not statement you're applying to both of those values. So if if catch up not or and mustard not
And mustard is lowercase. Why I would statement here. Because you're checking for the truthiness of both of these items and only one of them needs to be accurate. Whereas the not statement you're applying to both of those values. So if if catch up not or and mustard not So if if this whole thing is true or sorry, give me the opposite of this entire thing where here you're checking to individual values separately. Either one of them to be true. You're not doing anything to them. Wait, why? If false
So if if this whole thing is true or sorry, give me the opposite of this entire thing where here you're checking to individual values separately. Either one of them to be true. You're not doing anything to them. Wait, why? If false Expect to return value of false given catch up and mustard is true, but got true instead. Maybe I'm just reading the phone return with their customer wants either catch up or mustard but not both. Catch up. Or catch up and mustard would be if true comma false true comma false would be. False right
Expect to return value of false given catch up and mustard is true, but got true instead. Maybe I'm just reading the phone return with their customer wants either catch up or mustard but not both. Catch up. Or catch up and mustard would be if true comma false true comma false would be. False right False right. So then you want the opposite of that. Which would return false. Which is good. So the opposite of the opposite of true comma false would be true. The opposite of that result would be false and this is this is why I'm
False right. So then you want the opposite of that. Which would return false. Which is good. So the opposite of the opposite of true comma false would be true. The opposite of that result would be false and this is this is why I'm I'm so confused as to what they were what they're doing in here, but. L if catch up or mustard L if true or false return true L if true. Oh, put the. No, this feels right. This this feels right. Checking it. One
I'm so confused as to what they were what they're doing in here, but. L if catch up or mustard L if true or false return true L if true. Oh, put the. No, this feels right. This this feels right. Checking it. One Checking it. One. I like what a faquilla saying you could do both you could just say if catch up return true if mustard return true technically. That does make it. I'm saying if any and if not all, but you know, that's just me. That's what I'm doing because I can read that better
Checking it. One. I like what a faquilla saying you could do both you could just say if catch up return true if mustard return true technically. That does make it. I'm saying if any and if not all, but you know, that's just me. That's what I'm doing because I can read that better I would have kept the the not in there and then added the if catch up because at the top like at the time if they catch up if not catch up and mustard. Return true because I don't like I. And I want to see their solution because I swear if they give you a nested if statement. I'm
I would have kept the the not in there and then added the if catch up because at the top like at the time if they catch up if not catch up and mustard. Return true because I don't like I. And I want to see their solution because I swear if they give you a nested if statement. I'm I'm. I'm going to lose it. I'm going to lose it. I'm done. I'm done. I'm expected by. I got true expected return value of true. Thanks for following. No, no, no, no, it's it's it's the first one. Oh. Oh, yeah, my bad. My removed the not in there. Yeah, that's what it was
I'm. I'm going to lose it. I'm going to lose it. I'm done. I'm done. I'm expected by. I got true expected return value of true. Thanks for following. No, no, no, no, it's it's it's the first one. Oh. Oh, yeah, my bad. My removed the not in there. Yeah, that's what it was Yes, you know, we have a different condition because now it's saying that catch up is false. Because we didn't check for. Yeah, you can do that you can do the bottom part. You can do LF catch up or mustard return true. Why? Yeah. It's my question
Yes, you know, we have a different condition because now it's saying that catch up is false. Because we didn't check for. Yeah, you can do that you can do the bottom part. You can do LF catch up or mustard return true. Why? Yeah. It's my question It's my question. I have not given catch up false master false onions false. Remove remove the LF and just do return replace LF with return return catch up or mustard. Because what it's saying is neither neither condition was satisfied. Get rid of the colon. Get rid of the colon. Yeah
It's my question. I have not given catch up false master false onions false. Remove remove the LF and just do return replace LF with return return catch up or mustard. Because what it's saying is neither neither condition was satisfied. Get rid of the colon. Get rid of the colon. Yeah Yeah. Oh, that was complicated. It's this is this is one of those things where I'm just like, okay, first of all, why is this a function? But second of all, sure. If catch up and mustard. Return X or Y and not you could you could do it like that. You could put all of this on one line
Yeah. Oh, that was complicated. It's this is this is one of those things where I'm just like, okay, first of all, why is this a function? But second of all, sure. If catch up and mustard. Return X or Y and not you could you could do it like that. You could put all of this on one line Okay, I think I think I get it. If it's catch up or mustard, it automatically has to be false. Right. So return either catch up or mustard. So they have to choose catch up or mustard. If they choose anything else that's a combination of the two, it's wrong. Yeah, getting a phone call
Okay, I think I think I get it. If it's catch up or mustard, it automatically has to be false. Right. So return either catch up or mustard. So they have to choose catch up or mustard. If they choose anything else that's a combination of the two, it's wrong. Yeah, getting a phone call I will be right back. Okay. So go to their answer. So I want to see how they how they tell you to solve it. I don't even know how to get their answers. But they just know what is. Oh, uncommon it. Remove the. Remove the quotation there. I like. Yeah. So that's
I will be right back. Okay. So go to their answer. So I want to see how they how they tell you to solve it. I don't even know how to get their answers. But they just know what is. Oh, uncommon it. Remove the. Remove the quotation there. I like. Yeah. So that's Yeah. So that's. Wait, what? Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's right. That's right. That's right. You put the. Wait, what? Return catch up and not mustard or return mustard or mustard and not catch up. That's so hard to read. Return catch up and not mustard or mustard and not catch up
Yeah. So that's. Wait, what? Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's right. That's right. That's right. You put the. Wait, what? Return catch up and not mustard or return mustard or mustard and not catch up. That's so hard to read. Return catch up and not mustard or mustard and not catch up I mean, it's not it's correct. I get what they're saying. It's correct. It's ugly. I'm not going to say it's a code smell. I'm just going to say I don't like it. I think yours is better. I think. Fakiz is better. Return X or Y and not X
I mean, it's not it's correct. I get what they're saying. It's correct. It's ugly. I'm not going to say it's a code smell. I'm just going to say I don't like it. I think yours is better. I think. Fakiz is better. Return X or Y and not X Well, Fakiz, the only thing I would do differently is I would say return X or Y and not and then return X and Y. Are we on to six? We're on to six. It's all you. All right. All right. I'm going back to stealing the show. Going back to being quiet. I have to zoom in on the right screen
Well, Fakiz, the only thing I would do differently is I would say return X or Y and not and then return X and Y. Are we on to six? We're on to six. It's all you. All right. All right. I'm going back to stealing the show. Going back to being quiet. I have to zoom in on the right screen Oh, there we go. Oh, okay. This is another spicy one. But I don't know. Was five considered spicy. It's been a long. Five does not have a spice, but six does. Okay. We've seen the calling bull and an integer returns false or if it equals to zero and true otherwise
Oh, there we go. Oh, okay. This is another spicy one. But I don't know. Was five considered spicy. It's been a long. Five does not have a spice, but six does. Okay. We've seen the calling bull and an integer returns false or if it equals to zero and true otherwise What happens if we call int on a bull? Try it out in the notebook. So below. Can you take advantage of this and write a. So think. So think to function. Thank you. So think to function that corresponds to English sentence
What happens if we call int on a bull? Try it out in the notebook. So below. Can you take advantage of this and write a. So think. So think to function. Thank you. So think to function that corresponds to English sentence Does the customer want exactly one topping? What is there? What is their fascination with it being succinct? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. For people who are learning Python. I genuinely don't like as as someone who will review your Python code. As someone who will
Does the customer want exactly one topping? What is there? What is their fascination with it being succinct? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. For people who are learning Python. I genuinely don't like as as someone who will review your Python code. As someone who will Review your code before I merge it into a code based on one of the several packages I have. I don't care how succinct your code is. I care mostly about do I understand what's happening with it. Why are you making your code? What is the sync code? Like short
Review your code before I merge it into a code based on one of the several packages I have. I don't care how succinct your code is. I care mostly about do I understand what's happening with it. Why are you making your code? What is the sync code? Like short What they're saying is can you write this on one line? And. Damien, do you remember when we were talking about list comprehensive? Yes. Writing writing something around of like the. Instead of doing if this. Do this. If the or this or it was like L
What they're saying is can you write this on one line? And. Damien, do you remember when we were talking about list comprehensive? Yes. Writing writing something around of like the. Instead of doing if this. Do this. If the or this or it was like L If this do this or else do that, we could say this if this equals this else that. Like sometimes it's readable depending on how you write it
If this do this or else do that, we could say this if this equals this else that. Like sometimes it's readable depending on how you write it And just automatically opting for the shortest possible code is one of those things that like you will likely be the only person that wants to read that code and you will not want to read that code after you've had to read it a thousand times to remember what exactly it's doing
And just automatically opting for the shortest possible code is one of those things that like you will likely be the only person that wants to read that code and you will not want to read that code after you've had to read it a thousand times to remember what exactly it's doing I like that both paper and ensuite balsa said short versus readable and readability is greater than brevity. Absolutely. Make make your code
I like that both paper and ensuite balsa said short versus readable and readability is greater than brevity. Absolutely. Make make your code Now granted, don't make your code so long that I forget what we're doing in the code but like make it as long as it needs to be to be understandable by someone else. I feel like it's like whenever you're doing something new
Now granted, don't make your code so long that I forget what we're doing in the code but like make it as long as it needs to be to be understandable by someone else. I feel like it's like whenever you're doing something new So like me learning to livestream and make content and all of that and I was like, I'm just gonna make TikToks. Yeah. It doesn't work for me. I'm not very good at it
So like me learning to livestream and make content and all of that and I was like, I'm just gonna make TikToks. Yeah. It doesn't work for me. I'm not very good at it Trying to make a TikTok of this shit is really, really difficult because I'm still in the part of learning it instead and trying to make it brief. Doesn't take away from trying to learn what it does. Hey, Jen, repeat after me
Trying to make a TikTok of this shit is really, really difficult because I'm still in the part of learning it instead and trying to make it brief. Doesn't take away from trying to learn what it does. Hey, Jen, repeat after me This is the clean, not the clean code mantra because clean code is a whole another thing and we won't go there. Make it work. You're not repeating it. I always say make it ugly. Then you're not repeating it for me. Make it work. Oh my god. Make it work. Make it right. Make it right. Make it fast
This is the clean, not the clean code mantra because clean code is a whole another thing and we won't go there. Make it work. You're not repeating it. I always say make it ugly. Then you're not repeating it for me. Make it work. Oh my god. Make it work. Make it right. Make it right. Make it fast Make it fast. Make it fast. That is the order in which you do this. Make it ugly. No, make it work. Whatever you got to do to make it work, even if it's ugly. Make it right. Go back, clean it up, make it a little bit easier to understand, make it fast, then do your optimizations for performance
Make it fast. Make it fast. That is the order in which you do this. Make it ugly. No, make it work. Whatever you got to do to make it work, even if it's ugly. Make it right. Go back, clean it up, make it a little bit easier to understand, make it fast, then do your optimizations for performance What I would tell you is, I'm still on make it work, make it ugly because I get so stuck on trying to make it pretty before I even make it work. Ooh, Comp Paper Bullets says comment your code
What I would tell you is, I'm still on make it work, make it ugly because I get so stuck on trying to make it pretty before I even make it work. Ooh, Comp Paper Bullets says comment your code Arguable because depending on who you listen to, they would say that if you're using really good code structure and really good variable names, you shouldn't have to comment your code. But again, the answer is it depends. The answer is always it depends. There is no one way to do this
Arguable because depending on who you listen to, they would say that if you're using really good code structure and really good variable names, you shouldn't have to comment your code. But again, the answer is it depends. The answer is always it depends. There is no one way to do this But them trying to tell beginners to focus on brevity. I'm sorry, I think that's wrong. Well, Jean, time for you to hop in. Well, shit. Solve this spicy six. What happens if we call an integer on a bull? How do you call an integer on a bull? Integers are numbers
But them trying to tell beginners to focus on brevity. I'm sorry, I think that's wrong. Well, Jean, time for you to hop in. Well, shit. Solve this spicy six. What happens if we call an integer on a bull? How do you call an integer on a bull? Integers are numbers Ooh, what is falsiness? What is truthiness? Those are numbers. Numbers can be true or falsie. I mean, only one number. One number can be true. There's only one. Right. But so what you're saying that part makes sense
Ooh, what is falsiness? What is truthiness? Those are numbers. Numbers can be true or falsie. I mean, only one number. One number can be true. There's only one. Right. But so what you're saying that part makes sense And maybe this is where I'm struggling is like, then would we catch up mustard and onion equal a number? Because how do we know? You got this, Jean, struggle like I did. Exactly one topping. This one is probably just a one line of return thing. Just throw it on a returns and go about it
And maybe this is where I'm struggling is like, then would we catch up mustard and onion equal a number? Because how do we know? You got this, Jean, struggle like I did. Exactly one topping. This one is probably just a one line of return thing. Just throw it on a returns and go about it If exactly one. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Why can't it say if exactly one topping equals one? Because exactly one topping isn't defined yet. You're writing the function called exactly one topping. It's defined above. Yeah, but you're now writing the code in which it will define it
If exactly one. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Why can't it say if exactly one topping equals one? Because exactly one topping isn't defined yet. You're writing the function called exactly one topping. It's defined above. Yeah, but you're now writing the code in which it will define it This is stupid. That's how I felt about problem number five. But I will try to tell this with you. I guess I'm confused because I'm still not seeing like where we get numbers in this to go to an integer because we're using words right now
This is stupid. That's how I felt about problem number five. But I will try to tell this with you. I guess I'm confused because I'm still not seeing like where we get numbers in this to go to an integer because we're using words right now OK, now we've seen the calling the bull on an integer returns false. False is equal to zero. What happens if we call it on a bull? Try it out on the note. What? How can we call it on a bull? You get you get one or zero, don't you? I was going to say because like if false equals zero, I got that
OK, now we've seen the calling the bull on an integer returns false. False is equal to zero. What happens if we call it on a bull? Try it out on the note. What? How can we call it on a bull? You get you get one or zero, don't you? I was going to say because like if false equals zero, I got that And true otherwise, how do you say one to be true and not two to be true or three to be true? It doesn't matter. All right. So, Jen, I will because I don't know why they really want you to be so excited about this. Exactly one topping. I get what they're trying to do
And true otherwise, how do you say one to be true and not two to be true or three to be true? It doesn't matter. All right. So, Jen, I will because I don't know why they really want you to be so excited about this. Exactly one topping. I get what they're trying to do They want you, OK, they want you to return the math. They want you to check the math on each of those items to see if you only get one, which the reason that that would work. And again, this is I would fail this code in a heartbeat because it's not it's not a it's a trick
They want you, OK, they want you to return the math. They want you to check the math on each of those items to see if you only get one, which the reason that that would work. And again, this is I would fail this code in a heartbeat because it's not it's not a it's a trick It's not a way that any code that you'd write in real life. If you pass int, if you pass false into int, you get zero. If you pass true into int, you get one. So since you have three items, you could say int catch up plus int mustard plus int onion. And then you would get one, two or three
It's not a way that any code that you'd write in real life. If you pass int, if you pass false into int, you get zero. If you pass true into int, you get one. So since you have three items, you could say int catch up plus int mustard plus int onion. And then you would get one, two or three Each of them that are true would be one. So if you add them all up, basically you can just say return int of all of those items, you know, int of each of these is equal to one. I don't think I see I don't know how I would write that, but I think I see what you're saying
Each of them that are true would be one. So if you add them all up, basically you can just say return int of all of those items, you know, int of each of these is equal to one. I don't think I see I don't know how I would write that, but I think I see what you're saying Yeah, that's that's we'll get there. We'll we'll get there in a second because what Jen is writing is close, but not exactly correct. Keep going, keep going because I think you're you're you're doing the right things
Yeah, that's that's we'll get there. We'll we'll get there in a second because what Jen is writing is close, but not exactly correct. Keep going, keep going because I think you're you're you're doing the right things Okay, so a few things, one equals sign would be assignment to equal signs is, yeah, there you go. When you call int, you want to put in and then in parentheses, yeah, because int is a function being called. It's not an integer
Okay, so a few things, one equals sign would be assignment to equal signs is, yeah, there you go. When you call int, you want to put in and then in parentheses, yeah, because int is a function being called. It's not an integer Well, what it's going to do is it's going to take the value that you passed in and it's going to convert it into an integer because we do that in real life. What? Like I said, why are we putting words into integers? So I don't like it either. I don't like it either. I'm waiting
Well, what it's going to do is it's going to take the value that you passed in and it's going to convert it into an integer because we do that in real life. What? Like I said, why are we putting words into integers? So I don't like it either. I don't like it either. I'm waiting I'm waiting. I'm waiting for you to tell me that this course is dog water. So you okay, let I'll put it this way. Jay, you can put out our next course. Jen, okay, you should run it. I'm going to run it. You got to write that shit doesn't make sense
I'm waiting. I'm waiting for you to tell me that this course is dog water. So you okay, let I'll put it this way. Jay, you can put out our next course. Jen, okay, you should run it. I'm going to run it. You got to write that shit doesn't make sense Why are they putting that in parentheses? Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Yeah, I guess that does technically need to be in parentheses because. Wait, what? Hold on. Hold on, hold on. This shit doesn't make sense. I'm not sure why we're putting words into integers. So make it truthy
Why are they putting that in parentheses? Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Yeah, I guess that does technically need to be in parentheses because. Wait, what? Hold on. Hold on, hold on. This shit doesn't make sense. I'm not sure why we're putting words into integers. So make it truthy So make it truthy. Everything says you're you're right, Jay. Everything must be truthy. Okay, yeah, they don't they don't need the parentheses around that. So basically we don't need to make these into words. We just needed three integers and tell it that it's one
So make it truthy. Everything says you're you're right, Jay. Everything must be truthy. Okay, yeah, they don't they don't need the parentheses around that. So basically we don't need to make these into words. We just needed three integers and tell it that it's one Even those three numbers, one B one. What I find to be interesting is at the bottom, they also have the fact that you don't need to even put in. So we didn't even use int at all. We're going to copy and paste this. Let's just let's just. I tried it. It works. It was pretty good. Yeah, that is dumb
Even those three numbers, one B one. What I find to be interesting is at the bottom, they also have the fact that you don't need to even put in. So we didn't even use int at all. We're going to copy and paste this. Let's just let's just. I tried it. It works. It was pretty good. Yeah, that is dumb Yeah, that is dumb. Yeah, because the plus sign will. Okay, a few things. Jen, you mentioned why do we need words when we're just working with numbers. Remember, these aren't words. These are variables. So those variables can equal anything
Yeah, that is dumb. Yeah, because the plus sign will. Okay, a few things. Jen, you mentioned why do we need words when we're just working with numbers. Remember, these aren't words. These are variables. So those variables can equal anything It would be really nice if they made these type hinted that way. We know what they're passing in because what they're actually passing in are three Booleans
It would be really nice if they made these type hinted that way. We know what they're passing in because what they're actually passing in are three Booleans So if they said catch up colon bull, which would tell me that it's a Boolean, then I would know like, okay, they're dealing with true, true and false because I don't know. What if you want extra catch up, but they did that. I'm sorry
So if they said catch up colon bull, which would tell me that it's a Boolean, then I would know like, okay, they're dealing with true, true and false because I don't know. What if you want extra catch up, but they did that. I'm sorry I'm sorry. Like if they want an extra catch up, do I put do I put catch up double? Do I put catch up to? Like I don't know. I can't write code that says catch up plus mustard plus onion because I don't know what catch up mustard and onion are. They haven't told me that
I'm sorry. Like if they want an extra catch up, do I put do I put catch up double? Do I put catch up to? Like I don't know. I can't write code that says catch up plus mustard plus onion because I don't know what catch up mustard and onion are. They haven't told me that All they said is you're checking for the truthiness of it. So if you're checking for the truth in the subit, then that's like one thing
All they said is you're checking for the truthiness of it. So if you're checking for the truth in the subit, then that's like one thing If you're checking for the falsiness of it, that's like a whole like it gets really complicated because as we mentioned before, any integer will return true, including negative integers
If you're checking for the falsiness of it, that's like a whole like it gets really complicated because as we mentioned before, any integer will return true, including negative integers If I wanted light mustard or light catch up, maybe you would write that as negative one or something like that or point five. So like just just type your type in your code and don't try to do silly stuff. Just do normal programming
If I wanted light mustard or light catch up, maybe you would write that as negative one or something like that or point five. So like just just type your type in your code and don't try to do silly stuff. Just do normal programming So yeah, if you have fun with us, are you in with a course, please follow on Twitch. That way, you know, we keep arguing with it because I am very mad at it as well. And we will get through it faster. And yay, thanks paper bullets
So yeah, if you have fun with us, are you in with a course, please follow on Twitch. That way, you know, we keep arguing with it because I am very mad at it as well. And we will get through it faster. And yay, thanks paper bullets And hopefully next week we actually get to list because we have 25 minutes. We only have one more question. I know it's optional, but I feel like, oh my god, what? It's the longest question ever. I believe in you Jen. Hey, thanks. What easily solve six? Do you want me to do it? No, I'll do it
And hopefully next week we actually get to list because we have 25 minutes. We only have one more question. I know it's optional, but I feel like, oh my god, what? It's the longest question ever. I believe in you Jen. Hey, thanks. What easily solve six? Do you want me to do it? No, I'll do it You can't do it. You're not allowed to do it. You're banned from doing questions. Yes. You know the answers. Maybe depending on whatever the stupid crap there want me to do. I'm not going to do it. This is the best comment ever. Thank you, T-Ravi. We learn Python and how to argue
You can't do it. You're not allowed to do it. You're banned from doing questions. Yes. You know the answers. Maybe depending on whatever the stupid crap there want me to do. I'm not going to do it. This is the best comment ever. Thank you, T-Ravi. We learn Python and how to argue Yes, yes, that is that is what we do on the show. Okay, seven spicy optional. So if you want it less spicy, you know, there's option. Yes, I wanted to say that. Yes. I want it less spicy. In this problem, we'll be working with the simplified version of Black Jack, a K
Yes, yes, that is that is what we do on the show. Okay, seven spicy optional. So if you want it less spicy, you know, there's option. Yes, I wanted to say that. Yes. I want it less spicy. In this problem, we'll be working with the simplified version of Black Jack, a K A 21, which I will click that link when I'm done reading this. In this version, there is one player who you'll control and the dealer. Play proceeds as follows. The player is dealt to face up cards. The dealer is dealt one face up card. The player must
A 21, which I will click that link when I'm done reading this. In this version, there is one player who you'll control and the dealer. Play proceeds as follows. The player is dealt to face up cards. The dealer is dealt one face up card. The player must The player must. Ask to be dealt another card hit as many times as they wish. If the sum exceeds 21, they lose around immediately. The dealer then deals additional cards to themselves until either the sum of the dealer's card exceeds 21 in
The player must. Ask to be dealt another card hit as many times as they wish. If the sum exceeds 21, they lose around immediately. The dealer then deals additional cards to themselves until either the sum of the dealer's card exceeds 21 in Which the or the Kate in which case the player wins this round or the sum of the dealer's cards is greater or equal to. 17 if the players total is greater than the dealers, the player wins
Which the or the Kate in which case the player wins this round or the sum of the dealer's cards is greater or equal to. 17 if the players total is greater than the dealers, the player wins Otherwise, the dealer wins, even if the case of a tie when calculating the sum of cards, Jack Queen King count for 10, aces count as one or 11 when referring to the players total above. We mean the largest total that can be made without exceeding 21
Otherwise, the dealer wins, even if the case of a tie when calculating the sum of cards, Jack Queen King count for 10, aces count as one or 11 when referring to the players total above. We mean the largest total that can be made without exceeding 21 So, a plus eight equals 19, a plus eight plus eight equals 17. For this problem, you'll write the function representing the players decision strategy in this game. We've provided a very intelligent, very unintelligent. In the presentation below
So, a plus eight equals 19, a plus eight plus eight equals 17. For this problem, you'll write the function representing the players decision strategy in this game. We've provided a very intelligent, very unintelligent. In the presentation below Before I look below, we're going to go click with this blackjack thing. Oh, it's just a link to understand blackjack. I'm going to start being nice because I have to remember that there are people that made this and I have to assume that they are working with what they've got
Before I look below, we're going to go click with this blackjack thing. Oh, it's just a link to understand blackjack. I'm going to start being nice because I have to remember that there are people that made this and I have to assume that they are working with what they've got And I do feel like it's, I do think we did see that this is also very outdated. Like I think it's a few years old. So, and other people may learn from this very, very well. It's, it's something that this may make a lot of sense to others. They're credential hunting
And I do feel like it's, I do think we did see that this is also very outdated. Like I think it's a few years old. So, and other people may learn from this very, very well. It's, it's something that this may make a lot of sense to others. They're credential hunting They just, they're just looking for the clicks. Well, you know what? I'm going to get the chance for a patient. Just like I'm going to give them that click. I will give them that click with a lot of content of me arguing with the entire
They just, they're just looking for the clicks. Well, you know what? I'm going to get the chance for a patient. Just like I'm going to give them that click. I will give them that click with a lot of content of me arguing with the entire Yeah, I don't know if they want, they don't want to watch this. This isn't the one that they recommend. Okay. So. It seems like a lot. If death. Death. Defined should hit dealer total player total player low a says player high a says. Retro boss. And in the middle it says. Return true
Yeah, I don't know if they want, they don't want to watch this. This isn't the one that they recommend. Okay. So. It seems like a lot. If death. Death. Defined should hit dealer total player total player low a says player high a says. Retro boss. And in the middle it says. Return true Return true. If the player should hit. You can request another card given the current game state, or fall if the player should stay when calculating a. Hands total value we count aces is high with a value 11 if doing so, doesn't bring the total above 21 otherwise count them as low with value, 1
Return true. If the player should hit. You can request another card given the current game state, or fall if the player should stay when calculating a. Hands total value we count aces is high with a value 11 if doing so, doesn't bring the total above 21 otherwise count them as low with value, 1 if the player hand is A-A-A-7, we will count it as 11 plus 1 plus 1 plus 7. Therefore, the set player total equals 20 player low, 2 player high, a-sis 1. I feel..
if the player hand is A-A-A-7, we will count it as 11 plus 1 plus 1 plus 7. Therefore, the set player total equals 20 player low, 2 player high, a-sis 1. I feel.. I feel... Okay, and then this is a very conservative agent always sticks with the hand of two cards they've dealt will be simulating gains between your player agent and our own dealer agent by calling your function, try running the function below as an example of the simulated game
I feel... Okay, and then this is a very conservative agent always sticks with the hand of two cards they've dealt will be simulating gains between your player agent and our own dealer agent by calling your function, try running the function below as an example of the simulated game Just go to the answer because I just want... There's more. There's so much more. Oh, they didn't give you an answer. They just had to simulate. Okay, I'm gonna hit play on each of these. So we did the first one. It's just gonna return. Yeah, I know
Just go to the answer because I just want... There's more. There's so much more. Oh, they didn't give you an answer. They just had to simulate. Okay, I'm gonna hit play on each of these. So we did the first one. It's just gonna return. Yeah, I know Yeah, I know. I'm still gonna click all of them because they have a play button and play buttons are fun to click. Okay. The player one. Yeah, good. But I guess we're... Because you just said, hey, should I hit and you just said no, don't hit. That's all you've done. But we don't see the code
Yeah, I know. I'm still gonna click all of them because they have a play button and play buttons are fun to click. Okay. The player one. Yeah, good. But I guess we're... Because you just said, hey, should I hit and you just said no, don't hit. That's all you've done. But we don't see the code No, it's not going to be the same. I'm trying to go get no code. Oh, I don't get it then. Then why... It's just gonna run and say that you won. You won 30s at 38% of the time. Just not just not playing. Just do it again. Just do it again. 38%. I went down 0.1%. That's good. That's funny
No, it's not going to be the same. I'm trying to go get no code. Oh, I don't get it then. Then why... It's just gonna run and say that you won. You won 30s at 38% of the time. Just not just not playing. Just do it again. Just do it again. 38%. I went down 0.1%. That's good. That's funny That's funny. That's funny. That is just like... If you do nothing, you win about 38%. I wonder if that's like a blackjack anomaly thing of like if you play your odds of winning at some point will eventually just kind of round out to about 38%
That's funny. That's funny. That is just like... If you do nothing, you win about 38%. I wonder if that's like a blackjack anomaly thing of like if you play your odds of winning at some point will eventually just kind of round out to about 38% And that's based on like the number of cards in a deck and you know the total value of the stuff. There's probably some statistics thing in there. All right. I don't think there's a national question for seven. Yeah. I don't think there is. It's a... Here's a scenario
And that's based on like the number of cards in a deck and you know the total value of the stuff. There's probably some statistics thing in there. All right. I don't think there's a national question for seven. Yeah. I don't think there is. It's a... Here's a scenario. Here's a scenario. Can you write code that makes... That increases your odds of winning based on some value? Okay. Sure. My brain hurts. Light. It's like... I think it's dumb. I kind of want to play around with that blackjack thing, but I also just don't care enough to want to
. Here's a scenario. Can you write code that makes... That increases your odds of winning based on some value? Okay. Sure. My brain hurts. Light. It's like... I think it's dumb. I kind of want to play around with that blackjack thing, but I also just don't care enough to want to Future show with J is how to build a blackjack game. No. Not anytime soon. I don't... I don't... I don't... I don't support gambling. If you have a gambling problem, there are numbers you should call. That's fair. But I've meant more just like so we could see how this is placed. Make..
Future show with J is how to build a blackjack game. No. Not anytime soon. I don't... I don't... I don't... I don't support gambling. If you have a gambling problem, there are numbers you should call. That's fair. But I've meant more just like so we could see how this is placed. Make.. Make... Make a video game. No, we still... How can you... What does the fox say? Still... Still on that? I'm still on that. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not... You two talk less ago. That's a good one. Okay. Well, I think we're done for today. So once you get back, we will be done. So... Yeah. This is..
Make... Make a video game. No, we still... How can you... What does the fox say? Still... Still on that? I'm still on that. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not... You two talk less ago. That's a good one. Okay. Well, I think we're done for today. So once you get back, we will be done. So... Yeah. This is.... Yeah. This is... We finished it. Oh, no. I need this to show that I got that one done. Why are you... So... How am I at 63 percent? Don't be rude. That's correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Okay. Oh, that one... Let me say and check. It wants all the toppings
.. Yeah. This is... We finished it. Oh, no. I need this to show that I got that one done. Why are you... So... How am I at 63 percent? Don't be rude. That's correct. Correct. Correct. Correct. Okay. Oh, that one... Let me say and check. It wants all the toppings How do you do all the toppings, Jin? Remember this. Wasn't it just return ketchup? Plus... I mean, if you're going to do that, you got to start better equals three. But I mean, technically... I mean, you're not wrong. Correct. Done. I hate it so much. But hey, you know what? You should do that now
How do you do all the toppings, Jin? Remember this. Wasn't it just return ketchup? Plus... I mean, if you're going to do that, you got to start better equals three. But I mean, technically... I mean, you're not wrong. Correct. Done. I hate it so much. But hey, you know what? You should do that now You should do like the equals one. That's not... If I needed to... I can tell you that now. That one's wrong. You didn't write the one liner. Oh my god. Okay. Define equals number... number greater than zero. That's all I needed. I don't need another colon. What are you? What if... I keep..
You should do like the equals one. That's not... If I needed to... I can tell you that now. That one's wrong. You didn't write the one liner. Oh my god. Okay. Define equals number... number greater than zero. That's all I needed. I don't need another colon. What are you? What if... I keep.... I keep... What are you doing? You're writing all the stuff now. What you're making, Jin? It's not letting me pass this. If negative number is less than zero. Oh my god. Okay. I feel like... Oh, like it's not letting you pass the course? Yeah. I don't know what I did there
.. I keep... What are you doing? You're writing all the stuff now. What you're making, Jin? It's not letting me pass this. If negative number is less than zero. Oh my god. Okay. I feel like... Oh, like it's not letting you pass the course? Yeah. I don't know what I did there I'm going to keep it to one line. Is it literally just checking to see how long your code is now? Oh, I'm going to do that. Bro. What's the solution? We are just... What's going on? Return number... I hate you. Not you. And he will rate retune. Is that going to make you happy? I hate you
I'm going to keep it to one line. Is it literally just checking to see how long your code is now? Oh, I'm going to do that. Bro. What's the solution? We are just... What's going on? Return number... I hate you. Not you. And he will rate retune. Is that going to make you happy? I hate you It's like this isn't rust. You should learn how to write it in Lua, Jin. What was that? Solution. Return number is less than zero. It needs to be on a new line. It needs to be on a different line. It's just said to put it on one line. Yeah, but for them one line meant yeah, that..
It's like this isn't rust. You should learn how to write it in Lua, Jin. What was that? Solution. Return number is less than zero. It needs to be on a new line. It needs to be on a different line. It's just said to put it on one line. Yeah, but for them one line meant yeah, that.... But, huh? Isn't that what you... I hate you. Oh, it's greater than zero. It's greater than zero. Do you have that? Right? Is negative? I literally copy and base this. I think it depends on your character. Okay, if I didn't, I'm gonna... Now you did
.. But, huh? Isn't that what you... I hate you. Oh, it's greater than zero. It's greater than zero. Do you have that? Right? Is negative? I literally copy and base this. I think it depends on your character. Okay, if I didn't, I'm gonna... Now you did.. Now you did. Did you run the other stuff at the top? Did you run the piece of code at the top? No, very bad. Hey, H&N. Do you know how you deleted concise or concise is negative? You need that because you're defining concise is negative, not is negative. So you're answering this to go..
.. Now you did. Did you run the other stuff at the top? Did you run the piece of code at the top? No, very bad. Hey, H&N. Do you know how you deleted concise or concise is negative? You need that because you're defining concise is negative, not is negative. So you're answering this to go.... I don't want one line. That's not what that means. It wants... It wants what you're putting into it. No, yeah, it wants the actual definitions of the functions to be on one line. So yeah, replay... It just wants past to be replaced with the one liner. That's it. Yeah. Yep. That is done
.. I don't want one line. That's not what that means. It wants... It wants what you're putting into it. No, yeah, it wants the actual definitions of the functions to be on one line. So yeah, replay... It just wants past to be replaced with the one liner. That's it. Yeah. Yep. That is done Yep. That is done. That's okay. That's the... Oh, wait, can I... Jen, are you gonna be learning classes with us? Or are you... You saying... Not today. I know. Okay. Not today. I really don't like classes in general, so I feel like that's... Okay. I love classes. Can do so much with classes
Yep. That is done. That's okay. That's the... Oh, wait, can I... Jen, are you gonna be learning classes with us? Or are you... You saying... Not today. I know. Okay. Not today. I really don't like classes in general, so I feel like that's... Okay. I love classes. Can do so much with classes I don't remember this one, and I don't feel like trying to figure it out, so we're just gonna copy and paste it. Yeah. Yeah, y'all. We're doing that today. Because we did this. Wait a minute. Can you just do that to get your certification and then actually just take a course that is..
I don't remember this one, and I don't feel like trying to figure it out, so we're just gonna copy and paste it. Yeah. Yeah, y'all. We're doing that today. Because we did this. Wait a minute. Can you just do that to get your certification and then actually just take a course that is.... Yeah, apparently, because I literally copy and paste it. And... I'm not suggesting that you do, but... Oh, paper bullets. We will talk about inheritance and composition. That is a thing that we will do. What is a beauty? Yeah. For context, y'all... Jay and I work together
.. Yeah, apparently, because I literally copy and paste it. And... I'm not suggesting that you do, but... Oh, paper bullets. We will talk about inheritance and composition. That is a thing that we will do. What is a beauty? Yeah. For context, y'all... Jay and I work together So I get training on a bunch of other things, like how to put... Let's see, what are we learning about right now? Open Telemetry. Yeah. Open Telemetry and how you use it into... Clickhouse for... I'm trying to do this off a memory. I like this. You put it into Clickhouse to store it. And you use..
So I get training on a bunch of other things, like how to put... Let's see, what are we learning about right now? Open Telemetry. Yeah. Open Telemetry and how you use it into... Clickhouse for... I'm trying to do this off a memory. I like this. You put it into Clickhouse to store it. And you use.. And you use... um... Danas for metrics. Why is this visibility dog water right now? Come on up. And then you use... Grafana for visibility. And... There's the last one. There's... And then you use Open Telemetry again to... query all of the information. Wow. That hurt my head. To remember off
And you use... um... Danas for metrics. Why is this visibility dog water right now? Come on up. And then you use... Grafana for visibility. And... There's the last one. There's... And then you use Open Telemetry again to... query all of the information. Wow. That hurt my head. To remember off To remember off. So I might be missing classes and I will get there. There will be time. But I can only like... You don't want to suffer with it? I mean, learn with me? What up? Card tick. We're actually going to be not streaming soon. Well, no, we will be. You won't be. We will be. Jay will be
To remember off. So I might be missing classes and I will get there. There will be time. But I can only like... You don't want to suffer with it? I mean, learn with me? What up? Card tick. We're actually going to be not streaming soon. Well, no, we will be. You won't be. We will be. Jay will be Jay will be. Jay will be teaching Damien other things. This is the fun part of it. Jay and I learn other things offline for work. We work at Ivan. It's fun. And... I ended up working out a company that I jumped off of the deep end. Like... Went from... Hey, I don't know that much about coding to..
Jay will be. Jay will be teaching Damien other things. This is the fun part of it. Jay and I learn other things offline for work. We work at Ivan. It's fun. And... I ended up working out a company that I jumped off of the deep end. Like... Went from... Hey, I don't know that much about coding to.... I'm going to learn about data infrastructure. So... It's... That's why I'm sticking to... A course, I'll say, this best course. But A course... To keep us going. So I can refer back to it. Because I have to... Switch gears quite often
.. I'm going to learn about data infrastructure. So... It's... That's why I'm sticking to... A course, I'll say, this best course. But A course... To keep us going. So I can refer back to it. Because I have to... Switch gears quite often But Jay, are you going to start streaming so I can read to it? Yeah, I'm already in the call... Damien is my screen blurry. Is she looking at it? No, it wasn't. Last time I looked, I want to check again. Yeah, it's a little blurry. Yeah, that's a... Actually, that's a great call out
But Jay, are you going to start streaming so I can read to it? Yeah, I'm already in the call... Damien is my screen blurry. Is she looking at it? No, it wasn't. Last time I looked, I want to check again. Yeah, it's a little blurry. Yeah, that's a... Actually, that's a great call out Partick, we're going to start a new streaming time next week. Because... Life. Life and schedules and work schedules and all that. So what is the new time we're streaming? Okay, I'll send you a new link. We are... Going to start streaming at 1pm Pacific Standard Time next week
Partick, we're going to start a new streaming time next week. Because... Life. Life and schedules and work schedules and all that. So what is the new time we're streaming? Okay, I'll send you a new link. We are... Going to start streaming at 1pm Pacific Standard Time next week So we will be streaming a few hours later. So that way we can continue to stream. So make sure to join us in the new time. Sorry for everybody that has to... May not be able to be up that late. I know. But you can always watch the... Recaps. The recaps. Okay, RAID channel. RAID channel. Where is..
So we will be streaming a few hours later. So that way we can continue to stream. So make sure to join us in the new time. Sorry for everybody that has to... May not be able to be up that late. I know. But you can always watch the... Recaps. The recaps. Okay, RAID channel. RAID channel. Where is.. Where is... Jay's... Sure, quick filters. Following. I don't know if he's up yet. Because he had to make a new zoom because his zoom was acting. Fine. Okay, we are going to hang out but until his... RAID is up. Oh, look at the bocky! Bucky is his baby. It's a cute... He has to make a baby boy
Where is... Jay's... Sure, quick filters. Following. I don't know if he's up yet. Because he had to make a new zoom because his zoom was acting. Fine. Okay, we are going to hang out but until his... RAID is up. Oh, look at the bocky! Bucky is his baby. It's a cute... He has to make a baby boy Cute that go. He had a little doggo. He was sleeping in the room but it was so cold. He sprints it out the moment I said that he can go out. So... Yeah. It's... going to be a high of 40 degrees Celsius 103 Fahrenheit. Hey, that's one's brothers are normal. I know. I looked it up yesterday
Cute that go. He had a little doggo. He was sleeping in the room but it was so cold. He sprints it out the moment I said that he can go out. So... Yeah. It's... going to be a high of 40 degrees Celsius 103 Fahrenheit. Hey, that's one's brothers are normal. I know. I looked it up yesterday I had to go pick up a rental car yesterday and it wasn't as bad because it was a... It was only 104. He's out on... Twitch yet though. K.J. Miller. No channels found. Why? I mean, I guess I don't need a RAID to him but I want a RAID. He's getting ready right now
I had to go pick up a rental car yesterday and it wasn't as bad because it was a... It was only 104. He's out on... Twitch yet though. K.J. Miller. No channels found. Why? I mean, I guess I don't need a RAID to him but I want a RAID. He's getting ready right now I'm switching between the two of you. He's making his title. Oh, we've got titles. Which half the time are... I'm learning what Jen and Timmy and worked on. No, it has nothing to do with the what's learning with you. It's very... It did last time or like a few times ago
I'm switching between the two of you. He's making his title. Oh, we've got titles. Which half the time are... I'm learning what Jen and Timmy and worked on. No, it has nothing to do with the what's learning with you. It's very... It did last time or like a few times ago Like it was to expand on it. It's like 101 and then it's like 401. It's like, hey, like all the stuff you learned, we're going to learn the really... Like how we really do it in the entry and I'm like, oh... Yeah, that sounds accurate
Like it was to expand on it. It's like 101 and then it's like 401. It's like, hey, like all the stuff you learned, we're going to learn the really... Like how we really do it in the entry and I'm like, oh... Yeah, that sounds accurate I do the same thing but for data infrastructure, specifically stuff. He says he's live now and you should be able to RAID. And... Yay! Start RAID! You're gonna RAID soon. Patrick has a... Cartric has a question for you, Jen. What's up? RAID now
I do the same thing but for data infrastructure, specifically stuff. He says he's live now and you should be able to RAID. And... Yay! Start RAID! You're gonna RAID soon. Patrick has a... Cartric has a question for you, Jen. What's up? RAID now We are about to end this stream so you're welcome to join us next week as well because we're about to RAID over on Twitch. Or just ask your question on Twitter. Yeah, we're asking the question on Twitter. But we are ending the stream or leave the comment and we will get back to you later. So..
We are about to end this stream so you're welcome to join us next week as well because we're about to RAID over on Twitch. Or just ask your question on Twitter. Yeah, we're asking the question on Twitter. But we are ending the stream or leave the comment and we will get back to you later. So.. So... I have no idea how you apply in Google. Okay, I'm taking off. I'll be at the other channel. Bye!
So... I have no idea how you apply in Google. Okay, I'm taking off. I'll be at the other channel. Bye!