go live, go live, go live, go live. Yay! I like that we have like little songfaring and go live. Yeah. I mean, if you're gonna, you're gonna go live, you're gonna stop the dance to it Yeah, cuz it's not like it's a, uh, a for sure thing, you know? Like it takes, it takes a little bit for it all to connect. True. Right. And I mean, like it kind of jazzes it up. I feel like this is what they do in the background of like news stories. Ooh, yeah, they might
Yeah, cuz it's not like it's a, uh, a for sure thing, you know? Like it takes, it takes a little bit for it all to connect. True. Right. And I mean, like it kind of jazzes it up. I feel like this is what they do in the background of like news stories. Ooh, yeah, they might I feel like it's what they would do. This is what I would do. You get it right? Right? Be like, let's dance. Let's dance. Hey, so today everyone, hello. Um, we are actually gonna do what we talked about doing last week, but homework of last week's course was painful. It was something. Yeah
I feel like it's what they would do. This is what I would do. You get it right? Right? Be like, let's dance. Let's dance. Hey, so today everyone, hello. Um, we are actually gonna do what we talked about doing last week, but homework of last week's course was painful. It was something. Yeah Yeah. But I feel like you enjoyed it. You loved it. It brought joy to your heart. I love the pain of it. Um, it was, I'm grateful it's done. I was over last week. It's, it's, it's good to be done with it. And now we get to go on to lists, lists, lists. I don't know why this is so hard
Yeah. But I feel like you enjoyed it. You loved it. It brought joy to your heart. I love the pain of it. Um, it was, I'm grateful it's done. I was over last week. It's, it's, it's good to be done with it. And now we get to go on to lists, lists, lists. I don't know why this is so hard It's a hard word. List, lists, lists. Yeah. Just including me. Yeah, that's list. It sound like a bee. List, these don't make noise. They dance. You sound about like a bee. They don't make lists. They don't make lists. They don't make lists. They just dance and blow you. Oh, okay, we're a bum
It's a hard word. List, lists, lists. Yeah. Just including me. Yeah, that's list. It sound like a bee. List, these don't make noise. They dance. You sound about like a bee. They don't make lists. They don't make lists. They don't make lists. They just dance and blow you. Oh, okay, we're a bum Oh, I have a new sweatshirt. And it's bright yellow. It's a mad caddy sweatshirt from when we went in, when Tyler and I went, while we were in Chicago. And I call it my bum will be. Like, it's a bum will be the car or bum will be like the actual animal or insect
Oh, I have a new sweatshirt. And it's bright yellow. It's a mad caddy sweatshirt from when we went in, when Tyler and I went, while we were in Chicago. And I call it my bum will be. Like, it's a bum will be the car or bum will be like the actual animal or insect I would say more like the car, but yes, like the animal, but it's not like, it's because this bright yellow, not because of black. Okay. Like it's not black and yellow. Oh, no, we'd have that. Yeah, no black and yellow. You did this to us
I would say more like the car, but yes, like the animal, but it's not like, it's because this bright yellow, not because of black. Okay. Like it's not black and yellow. Oh, no, we'd have that. Yeah, no black and yellow. You did this to us You did this to us. All because of bum will be is well, hey, I do have to tell Jay about something. And I'm not exactly excited to tell Jay because Jay's going to be mad, but. Oh, Jesus. Don't pull me into this. But I think it'll be good. I do think it'll be good
You did this to us. All because of bum will be is well, hey, I do have to tell Jay about something. And I'm not exactly excited to tell Jay because Jay's going to be mad, but. Oh, Jesus. Don't pull me into this. But I think it'll be good. I do think it'll be good It might be bad, but I think it'll be good. Because look, like these, this Python course is in preparation for intro to sequel. So maybe we'll give it a shot for intro to sequel. Yeah, yeah. I'll definitely I need to do some sequel
It might be bad, but I think it'll be good. Because look, like these, this Python course is in preparation for intro to sequel. So maybe we'll give it a shot for intro to sequel. Yeah, yeah. I'll definitely I need to do some sequel Me and Jay were talking about potentially needing sequel light skills to do something. Yeah. But if it's with Kaggle, that's where I think he's going to be like. I was going to piss. So we're going to fight you on. I'm just going to watch it. We'll come up with a different solution
Me and Jay were talking about potentially needing sequel light skills to do something. Yeah. But if it's with Kaggle, that's where I think he's going to be like. I was going to piss. So we're going to fight you on. I'm just going to watch it. We'll come up with a different solution We've been learning about lots of stuff outside of it. So. All right, it says it's five hours estimated to earn certificate. I feel like we've. Is that because we're halfway or is that just five hours? A little. I mean, scroll down. I'm in more lessons we have. We're halfway
We've been learning about lots of stuff outside of it. So. All right, it says it's five hours estimated to earn certificate. I feel like we've. Is that because we're halfway or is that just five hours? A little. I mean, scroll down. I'm in more lessons we have. We're halfway We're halfway. And maybe it's five more hours. Yeah. We're yeah, we're about halfway. We got lists lists. There we go. I'm saying it better. And I see the numbers going up. So I know there's people watching, which is always good because I feel like it's awkward if we if nobody's watching
We're halfway. And maybe it's five more hours. Yeah. We're yeah, we're about halfway. We got lists lists. There we go. I'm saying it better. And I see the numbers going up. So I know there's people watching, which is always good because I feel like it's awkward if we if nobody's watching Maybe that's just me, but I always think it's kind of. I just assume it's just us until people start messaging. That's fair. That's fair. And it might be, but if it's not, then we're at least. Going to go. People can chime in and tell us the cool things that they're working on
Maybe that's just me, but I always think it's kind of. I just assume it's just us until people start messaging. That's fair. That's fair. And it might be, but if it's not, then we're at least. Going to go. People can chime in and tell us the cool things that they're working on That's always what I want to know because I'm like, I don't. I get frustrated at this stuff, but when I hear about what other people are working on, I'm like, okay, I have more motivation to get to that point. I mean, they might also be frustrated. So that's actually like for me, that's helpful
That's always what I want to know because I'm like, I don't. I get frustrated at this stuff, but when I hear about what other people are working on, I'm like, okay, I have more motivation to get to that point. I mean, they might also be frustrated. So that's actually like for me, that's helpful Like, oh, I'm not the only one going through this. Yeah, that's true. That is true. And this is a new time. So I'm curious how this new time is going to work out. So if it's not going to be good or not, but it's just. Yeah. I'm like, hopefully, it just matters on your class schedule. Yeah. Yeah
Like, oh, I'm not the only one going through this. Yeah, that's true. That is true. And this is a new time. So I'm curious how this new time is going to work out. So if it's not going to be good or not, but it's just. Yeah. I'm like, hopefully, it just matters on your class schedule. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Yay. Okay. Well, hey, we're doing lists. And I will click all the links and put all the links in the chat. So if anyone wants to follow along, they can. There's just so many places to put this. There we go
Yeah. Yeah. Yay. Okay. Well, hey, we're doing lists. And I will click all the links and put all the links in the chat. So if anyone wants to follow along, they can. There's just so many places to put this. There we go There we go. I want you to know that box is just staring at me so eagerly because I got him some toys and he can't get into them right now. Why not? Why can't he get to him? Because they're balls and I'm throwing him around the house. I'm glad that it's not just our dogs that do that
There we go. I want you to know that box is just staring at me so eagerly because I got him some toys and he can't get into them right now. Why not? Why can't he get to him? Because they're balls and I'm throwing him around the house. I'm glad that it's not just our dogs that do that Yeah, they grab a hold of them. They shake it so hard and fast and they actually let go and just fucking bounces around. It has almost hit multiple, like multiple times our dogs have almost gotten the. But the TV. He's up and he thinks they almost said the TV. Okay
Yeah, they grab a hold of them. They shake it so hard and fast and they actually let go and just fucking bounces around. It has almost hit multiple, like multiple times our dogs have almost gotten the. But the TV. He's up and he thinks they almost said the TV. Okay Okay. If it makes you feel better, um, Gaukey is at my monitor before it was on like a swing arm. It fell over and almost took me out. That's not good. Yeah, I told him he has an edifice complex. Are the dogs aren't like that bad, but I think it's because they block
Okay. If it makes you feel better, um, Gaukey is at my monitor before it was on like a swing arm. It fell over and almost took me out. That's not good. Yeah, I told him he has an edifice complex. Are the dogs aren't like that bad, but I think it's because they block They don't want to be in here because if they get in here, they have to be locked in here just the way it sounds travels through our house. So, and you have a Shiba Inu. Is that how I say it? Shiba Inu. Shiba Inu. Shiba Inu
They don't want to be in here because if they get in here, they have to be locked in here just the way it sounds travels through our house. So, and you have a Shiba Inu. Is that how I say it? Shiba Inu. Shiba Inu. Shiba Inu Shiba Inu. The county or I think they're called counties or I think they might be called states in Japan. I don't remember. Oh, yeah. And we have Husky mixes are Husky mixes. They're big. They are big. They are hyper. They are vocal. They are stressful. We rescued them
Shiba Inu. The county or I think they're called counties or I think they might be called states in Japan. I don't remember. Oh, yeah. And we have Husky mixes are Husky mixes. They're big. They are big. They are hyper. They are vocal. They are stressful. We rescued them We rescued them. It's a long story, but they got fixed today. So if I randomly have to end screen to go help because something happened, that is why. But, hopefully everything goes well. All right. So, do they scream a lot? Yeah. They don't scream. They want. But in like a very, I don't
We rescued them. It's a long story, but they got fixed today. So if I randomly have to end screen to go help because something happened, that is why. But, hopefully everything goes well. All right. So, do they scream a lot? Yeah. They don't scream. They want. But in like a very, I don't In a very husky way. Yeah, like, but high pitch. It's really annoying. And it's like a. Like an on off thing. They don't do it consistently. Yeah, we, I. I know someone. We both know someone who is. I love Huskies. Love Huskies so much
In a very husky way. Yeah, like, but high pitch. It's really annoying. And it's like a. Like an on off thing. They don't do it consistently. Yeah, we, I. I know someone. We both know someone who is. I love Huskies. Love Huskies so much They will ignore certain she was that we have in the house to go see a Huskies. Wow. Right. I don't. I don't. I don't know if I could do that. I love she was. I know. We're just donkeys. Okay. Anyway, yes, I can talk about. We can talk about dogs are all day. But. We have lists
They will ignore certain she was that we have in the house to go see a Huskies. Wow. Right. I don't. I don't. I don't know if I could do that. I love she was. I know. We're just donkeys. Okay. Anyway, yes, I can talk about. We can talk about dogs are all day. But. We have lists But. We have lists. We can list the dogs we like. We can't. We have. Yeah, we have. What are lists lists are. Listen. I really did not like this word. Lists in Python represent ordered sequences of values. Here example, how to create them. Primes equals to three, five and seven
But. We have lists. We can list the dogs we like. We can't. We have. Yeah, we have. What are lists lists are. Listen. I really did not like this word. Lists in Python represent ordered sequences of values. Here example, how to create them. Primes equals to three, five and seven And we could put other types of things in this. Planets equal. Mercury, Venus. Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus. Neptune is on a different line than that. Ended word. There we go. Neptune all in one line. We can even make lists of lists. That's complicated. Never forget what they did to Pluto
And we could put other types of things in this. Planets equal. Mercury, Venus. Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus. Neptune is on a different line than that. Ended word. There we go. Neptune all in one line. We can even make lists of lists. That's complicated. Never forget what they did to Pluto I know. Pluto come back. Okay. So. So a hand can be. J. Q. Hey, that's really hard not to say Jack Queen King. That's where this. I know. But it's all the ones written. 222 or six ACE King. Can also have written all in one line. Oh my gosh. We don't like things in one line
I know. Pluto come back. Okay. So. So a hand can be. J. Q. Hey, that's really hard not to say Jack Queen King. That's where this. I know. But it's all the ones written. 222 or six ACE King. Can also have written all in one line. Oh my gosh. We don't like things in one line J says that would be the most effective way for a computer to read it. So. I can't argue with that. Doesn't mean I have to like it. That's fair. That's fair. That is what I have come to realize with with the logic of code eight. It's like you can't necessarily argue with it
J says that would be the most effective way for a computer to read it. So. I can't argue with that. Doesn't mean I have to like it. That's fair. That's fair. That is what I have come to realize with with the logic of code eight. It's like you can't necessarily argue with it But you don't have to like it. So. This is a list can contain a different types of variables. My favorite things are 32. Rain drops help. So that would be a. Integer string. And. The help function. I'm assuming. So you can put a function in there. So I'm assuming. With other things. Indexing
But you don't have to like it. So. This is a list can contain a different types of variables. My favorite things are 32. Rain drops help. So that would be a. Integer string. And. The help function. I'm assuming. So you can put a function in there. So I'm assuming. With other things. Indexing Indexing. Do you want to do indexing? Sure. Indexing. You can access individual list elements with square brackets. Which planet is closest to the sun? Python uses zero based indexing. So first element has the index of zero. Planets zero. Mercury. What's the closest next planet? Planets one
Indexing. Do you want to do indexing? Sure. Indexing. You can access individual list elements with square brackets. Which planet is closest to the sun? Python uses zero based indexing. So first element has the index of zero. Planets zero. Mercury. What's the closest next planet? Planets one Elements at the end of the list can be accessed with negative numbers starting from negative one planets negative one net two planets negative two Uranus Do you want slicing or I'm gonna read that because I got a small chunk so I'm sure Slicing what are the three or what are the first three planets we can answer this question using slicing planets open bracket zero colon close brackets mercury Venus and earth planets zero to three which looks like a ratio and I'm never gonna unthink that Is our way of asking for elements of the planets or elements of the planets starting from index zero and continuing up to but not including the index of three That's gonna be confusing the starting and ending indices indices and dices and dice Indice are both optional if you leave out the starting index and It is assumed to be zero so you could rewrite the expression as above planets semicolon three mercury Venus Earth if you leave out the end index it's assumed to be the length of the list three colon Close bracket Mars Jupiter Saturn Uranus Neptune Inquited examples the express above means give me all the planets from index three onwards We can use negative indices in this into this word indices Every time it's gonna be a new word indices when slicing All the planets except for the first and last one negative one Venus Earth Mars Jupiter Saturn Uranus The last three planets negative three semicolon I'm sorry colon Saturn Uranus Neptune So that's interesting I think where maybe I'm a little lost on this is it's like hey here we can make lists
Elements at the end of the list can be accessed with negative numbers starting from negative one planets negative one net two planets negative two Uranus Do you want slicing or I'm gonna read that because I got a small chunk so I'm sure Slicing what are the three or what are the first three planets we can answer this question using slicing planets open bracket zero colon close brackets mercury Venus and earth planets zero to three which looks like a ratio and I'm never gonna unthink that Is our way of asking for elements of the planets or elements of the planets starting from index zero and continuing up to but not including the index of three That's gonna be confusing the starting and ending indices indices and dices and dice Indice are both optional if you leave out the starting index and It is assumed to be zero so you could rewrite the expression as above planets semicolon three mercury Venus Earth if you leave out the end index it's assumed to be the length of the list three colon Close bracket Mars Jupiter Saturn Uranus Neptune Inquited examples the express above means give me all the planets from index three onwards We can use negative indices in this into this word indices Every time it's gonna be a new word indices when slicing All the planets except for the first and last one negative one Venus Earth Mars Jupiter Saturn Uranus The last three planets negative three semicolon I'm sorry colon Saturn Uranus Neptune So that's interesting I think where maybe I'm a little lost on this is it's like hey here we can make lists Okay, so defining it like it love it cool But then all of a sudden we're indexing and I'm like yeah, but then how do we go from list to indexing like how does it know that it's doing the two I think it's automatic Like that semicolon Because one you have to create a You have to create the definition of the index so hands Equals and then you make a big list and it makes that list What it looks like and then after that you put hands bracket then you're indexing what's in that list
Okay, so defining it like it love it cool But then all of a sudden we're indexing and I'm like yeah, but then how do we go from list to indexing like how does it know that it's doing the two I think it's automatic Like that semicolon Because one you have to create a You have to create the definition of the index so hands Equals and then you make a big list and it makes that list What it looks like and then after that you put hands bracket then you're indexing what's in that list So I think at least on this one if it's multiple list how does it know which Which value goes to which like one two
So I think at least on this one if it's multiple list how does it know which Which value goes to which like one two Well, I assume that's like it's gonna see that first list as just one so it's going to give you that list as one And two is going to be that second list and three is gonna be that third list I could be wrong, but I Mean I Guess we'll have to keep going I Changing lists Why do we I feel like we get a lot of hard words, but I feel it's also because we don't normally rate them out loud Maybe I don't I don't think lists are mutable meaning they can be modified in place One way to modify a list is to assign an index or slice expression for example Let's say we want to rename Mars planets bracket three is Mala Can can draw Planned right And it changed planet three to Mala Can draw What is is Mala can just Mars in another language
Well, I assume that's like it's gonna see that first list as just one so it's going to give you that list as one And two is going to be that second list and three is gonna be that third list I could be wrong, but I Mean I Guess we'll have to keep going I Changing lists Why do we I feel like we get a lot of hard words, but I feel it's also because we don't normally rate them out loud Maybe I don't I don't think lists are mutable meaning they can be modified in place One way to modify a list is to assign an index or slice expression for example Let's say we want to rename Mars planets bracket three is Mala Can can draw Planned right And it changed planet three to Mala Can draw What is is Mala can just Mars in another language I Out of the silent planet To my book Okay The things we learn That's a mouthful
I Out of the silent planet To my book Okay The things we learn That's a mouthful Let's come and say it by shortening the names of the first three planets Okay, so it did slicing where it's everything The three so up to the first three Mervi earth print planets um And then it says up to the fourth planet and And it goes back to mercury Venus earth Mars I'm I'm not sure I get the print underneath it Okay, I'm just gonna keep going Um Do you get it does that make sense like why this is here
Let's come and say it by shortening the names of the first three planets Okay, so it did slicing where it's everything The three so up to the first three Mervi earth print planets um And then it says up to the fourth planet and And it goes back to mercury Venus earth Mars I'm I'm not sure I get the print underneath it Okay, I'm just gonna keep going Um Do you get it does that make sense like why this is here That's what they printed that was the output of the first one so they wouldn't change it afterward But then it didn't print again
That's what they printed that was the output of the first one so they wouldn't change it afterward But then it didn't print again Oh because it put another print. Yeah, that does make sense. That does make sense Thank you. That does help list functions Python has several useful functions for working with lists Len gives the link of the list
Oh because it put another print. Yeah, that does make sense. That does make sense Thank you. That does help list functions Python has several useful functions for working with lists Len gives the link of the list How many planets are there
How many planets are there Len planets eight Sorted gives us a sorted list of sorted planets Um, we'll do alphabetical order Some will give you what you might expect The sum of primes Okay Yeah We've previously used minimax the minimum maximum of arguments, but we can also pass it in the single list argument max primes seven Okay, you get this one Or you walked away or no you didn't okay
Len planets eight Sorted gives us a sorted list of sorted planets Um, we'll do alphabetical order Some will give you what you might expect The sum of primes Okay Yeah We've previously used minimax the minimum maximum of arguments, but we can also pass it in the single list argument max primes seven Okay, you get this one Or you walked away or no you didn't okay Sorry. I was sneezing. I don't know why oh do you want I can keep going if you don't want this one Okay Intrlude objects Um, I've used the term object a lot so far. You may have read that everything in Python is an object
Sorry. I was sneezing. I don't know why oh do you want I can keep going if you don't want this one Okay Intrlude objects Um, I've used the term object a lot so far. You may have read that everything in Python is an object What does that mean
What does that mean In short objects can carry some things around or carry some things around with them you access that stuff by using pythons dot syntax For example numbers in python carry around an associated variable called in a mag Representing their imaginary part We're probably never you never need to use this unless you're doing some very weird math I don't even know what that means um x12 x is a real number so it's imaginary part is zero print x dot a mag here's how to make a complex number in case you're ever curious Oh c equals 12 plus 3 j c a mag or i mag I don't know why I kept saying a mag i mag Maybe I'm just really bad at math by don't understand is it solving for j
In short objects can carry some things around or carry some things around with them you access that stuff by using pythons dot syntax For example numbers in python carry around an associated variable called in a mag Representing their imaginary part We're probably never you never need to use this unless you're doing some very weird math I don't even know what that means um x12 x is a real number so it's imaginary part is zero print x dot a mag here's how to make a complex number in case you're ever curious Oh c equals 12 plus 3 j c a mag or i mag I don't know why I kept saying a mag i mag Maybe I'm just really bad at math by don't understand is it solving for j No, that can't be a Doesn't matter um the thing And object carries around can also include functions a function attached to an object is called a method Non-function things attached to an object such as i mags are called attributes for example numbers that had numbers have a method called bit length again
No, that can't be a Doesn't matter um the thing And object carries around can also include functions a function attached to an object is called a method Non-function things attached to an object such as i mags are called attributes for example numbers that had numbers have a method called bit length again We access this by using the dot syntax system x bit length function int dot bit length parentheses open close To actually call it we need to add parentheses x bit length four I don't know i don't I want to know i'm confused um aside you actually Then you've actually been calling methods already if you've been doing the exercises in the exercise notebooks q1 q2 q3 except are all objects with which have methods called check hint and solution In the same way we can pass functions to help function um e g help max We can also pass in methods help x that bit length help on built-in function bit length bit length um a method of built i are built-ins dot int instance number of bits necessary to represent self-in binary oh okay so bin has a bit length of 30-sub what It's the number of bits required to represent itself in bind So but i thought bits were always going to be zeros and ones They don't have letters zeros or ones i thought was what it was And it has a b in there Maybe it's because i'm a b i'm a b i'm i'm i'm a b b b b black and yellow black and yellow um yeah band 37 is zero b 1 0 0 1 0 1 Don't know why um But um The nut is a binary representation of the number 37 bit length Um is six okay there's six oh so this starts the binary Oh i get why i'm confused because i looked at bin and i'm assuming bin is a new function that We don't know about because they just decided to throw that into mess with us probably thanks cagle That is i feel like i don't understand why we're talking about interlude objects like This has been a very confusing section Listen if j was here he'd be yelling Screaming through us or maybe he isn't he's just screaming at his computer screen The examples of rover utterly obscure none of the none of the types of objects We've looked at so far numbers function and booleans have attributes or methods you're likely to ever use And why would you Then why do we put this in in the course
We access this by using the dot syntax system x bit length function int dot bit length parentheses open close To actually call it we need to add parentheses x bit length four I don't know i don't I want to know i'm confused um aside you actually Then you've actually been calling methods already if you've been doing the exercises in the exercise notebooks q1 q2 q3 except are all objects with which have methods called check hint and solution In the same way we can pass functions to help function um e g help max We can also pass in methods help x that bit length help on built-in function bit length bit length um a method of built i are built-ins dot int instance number of bits necessary to represent self-in binary oh okay so bin has a bit length of 30-sub what It's the number of bits required to represent itself in bind So but i thought bits were always going to be zeros and ones They don't have letters zeros or ones i thought was what it was And it has a b in there Maybe it's because i'm a b i'm a b i'm i'm i'm a b b b b black and yellow black and yellow um yeah band 37 is zero b 1 0 0 1 0 1 Don't know why um But um The nut is a binary representation of the number 37 bit length Um is six okay there's six oh so this starts the binary Oh i get why i'm confused because i looked at bin and i'm assuming bin is a new function that We don't know about because they just decided to throw that into mess with us probably thanks cagle That is i feel like i don't understand why we're talking about interlude objects like This has been a very confusing section Listen if j was here he'd be yelling Screaming through us or maybe he isn't he's just screaming at his computer screen The examples of rover utterly obscure none of the none of the types of objects We've looked at so far numbers function and booleans have attributes or methods you're likely to ever use And why would you Then why do we put this in in the course Just like that Hey, you might never use this but like you know It is an interlude It's an interlude so i don't even know the actual definition of interlude i'm gonna But it turns out that lists have several methods which you'll use all time list methods Oh, maybe because of trying to tell us that the dots Maybe but interlude is an intervening period of time A pause between acts of a play something performed in during a theater intermission Yeah, I had to lose just like a fancy word for intermission which I always thought was weird Yes Okay But in sweep says the point is that objects have stuff and that you can access that stuff or you can access it via object
Just like that Hey, you might never use this but like you know It is an interlude It's an interlude so i don't even know the actual definition of interlude i'm gonna But it turns out that lists have several methods which you'll use all time list methods Oh, maybe because of trying to tell us that the dots Maybe but interlude is an intervening period of time A pause between acts of a play something performed in during a theater intermission Yeah, I had to lose just like a fancy word for intermission which I always thought was weird Yes Okay But in sweep says the point is that objects have stuff and that you can access that stuff or you can access it via objectstuff Which makes perfect sense they could have skipped all that and said hey, did you know that you could do list methods But why would we ever need to access Stuff or list methods is telling us why we need to access stuff List method list append modifies a list by adding an item to the end plan it's dot append Pluto Why does this cell above have no output
stuff Which makes perfect sense they could have skipped all that and said hey, did you know that you could do list methods But why would we ever need to access Stuff or list methods is telling us why we need to access stuff List method list append modifies a list by adding an item to the end plan it's dot append Pluto Why does this cell above have no output Let's check the documented tation calling help plan it's append Uh aside append is a method carried by all objects of a type list not just planets So we can also we also could have called help list dot append However, if we try to call help append Python will complain it has no variable exists Called append the append only exists within a list It doesn't exist as a standalone like a built-in function such as max or then help plan is dot append help on built-in function append append object Back Fords lash method of built-ins list instance append object of the end of the list uh the Arrow looking thing None part is telling us list dot append does it return anything But if we check the value of planets we can see that the method Called modified the value of planets planets Um, and it added it appended the list and added Pluto Okay List pop removes and returns the list uh Wait removes and returns the last element of the list Plan to stop pop Is Pluto Why won't we do this like
Let's check the documented tation calling help plan it's append Uh aside append is a method carried by all objects of a type list not just planets So we can also we also could have called help list dot append However, if we try to call help append Python will complain it has no variable exists Called append the append only exists within a list It doesn't exist as a standalone like a built-in function such as max or then help plan is dot append help on built-in function append append object Back Fords lash method of built-ins list instance append object of the end of the list uh the Arrow looking thing None part is telling us list dot append does it return anything But if we check the value of planets we can see that the method Called modified the value of planets planets Um, and it added it appended the list and added Pluto Okay List pop removes and returns the list uh Wait removes and returns the last element of the list Plan to stop pop Is Pluto Why won't we do this like List last That's not what we do here Like why why pop why pop like what what what what what about soda Well, because it's popping out Because Luke it is your father Um planets Without the pop Is mercury meat what weird what Well because it's planets pop on the very last one Pluto so it pulled out Pluto Uh, okay Removes and returns the last yet so the last thing was Pluto So in the just it pop without adding any Contact I've just made it the last one Okay That makes sense Yeah Searching lists where does the earth fall into the order of the planets we can Uh Get its index by using the list dot index method planets dot index earth two And it goes to two because we start at zero we don't start at one It comes in third because the index to to zero indexing where what about uh Index does Pluto occur Pluto's no one growing the list No longer on the list because we popped it Is that what you call it
List last That's not what we do here Like why why pop why pop like what what what what what about soda Well, because it's popping out Because Luke it is your father Um planets Without the pop Is mercury meat what weird what Well because it's planets pop on the very last one Pluto so it pulled out Pluto Uh, okay Removes and returns the last yet so the last thing was Pluto So in the just it pop without adding any Contact I've just made it the last one Okay That makes sense Yeah Searching lists where does the earth fall into the order of the planets we can Uh Get its index by using the list dot index method planets dot index earth two And it goes to two because we start at zero we don't start at one It comes in third because the index to to zero indexing where what about uh Index does Pluto occur Pluto's no one growing the list No longer on the list because we popped it Is that what you call it Yeah pop that's Pop that back point You popped that bubble this is on there anymore goodbye Um To avoid unpleasant surprises like this we can use the in operator to determine whether the list contains the particular value Um earth in planets true Calbra But keys in planets false Oh, that's a fun one Here are a few more interesting list methods we haven't covered if you want to learn all about methods and attributes Attached to a particular project We can call help on the object itself for example help planets will tell us all about the list methods Help planets So when it does the help it just tells us about the list itself Right yes Okay I feel like this is very long for just For just having a list Oh So there's a whole lot I don't think it just says the list I think it says everything you can do to planets So everything you can do with the list Oh That's a lot to do Also pop is the last recurrent is the first
Yeah pop that's Pop that back point You popped that bubble this is on there anymore goodbye Um To avoid unpleasant surprises like this we can use the in operator to determine whether the list contains the particular value Um earth in planets true Calbra But keys in planets false Oh, that's a fun one Here are a few more interesting list methods we haven't covered if you want to learn all about methods and attributes Attached to a particular project We can call help on the object itself for example help planets will tell us all about the list methods Help planets So when it does the help it just tells us about the list itself Right yes Okay I feel like this is very long for just For just having a list Oh So there's a whole lot I don't think it just says the list I think it says everything you can do to planets So everything you can do with the list Oh That's a lot to do Also pop is the last recurrent is the first I'm sorry pop is the last remove is the first Click the output button to see the full help page List have lots of methods with weird-looking names like underscore underscore EQ underscore underscore underscore and underscore underscore underscore i add underscore underscore don't worry Much about these now you'll probably never call such methods directly But they get called behind the scenes when they use the syntax like indexing or comparison operators The most interesting methods are toward the bottom of the list A pen clear copy etc And I'm gonna leave tuples to you because tuples Yeah, they never made sense to me tuples All right tuples are almost exactly the same as list They different two ways
I'm sorry pop is the last remove is the first Click the output button to see the full help page List have lots of methods with weird-looking names like underscore underscore EQ underscore underscore underscore and underscore underscore underscore i add underscore underscore don't worry Much about these now you'll probably never call such methods directly But they get called behind the scenes when they use the syntax like indexing or comparison operators The most interesting methods are toward the bottom of the list A pen clear copy etc And I'm gonna leave tuples to you because tuples Yeah, they never made sense to me tuples All right tuples are almost exactly the same as list They different two ways I don't know why they didn't put a bug there, but whatever One the syntax for creating them uses parentheses is that of square brackets boom parentheses boom parentheses t equals parentheses 123 close parentheses t equals 123 equivalent to the above t So you don't Need the brackets If you put t you know dunder methods that's what jcaps say And I looked at him like he's confused
I don't know why they didn't put a bug there, but whatever One the syntax for creating them uses parentheses is that of square brackets boom parentheses boom parentheses t equals parentheses 123 close parentheses t equals 123 equivalent to the above t So you don't Need the brackets If you put t you know dunder methods that's what jcaps say And I looked at him like he's confused They cannot be modified there immutable. Oh That's why two tuples are Okay But wait Is it specifically because we use Tuples are almost exactly the same as list I guess It's specifically used t though for a time
They cannot be modified there immutable. Oh That's why two tuples are Okay But wait Is it specifically because we use Tuples are almost exactly the same as list I guess It's specifically used t though for a time No, I think it's because it's the parentheses I think it's because we didn't use a list Oh Well all the lists up here are made in brackets Yes Not parentheses No brackets here And and now it's it's it's undelatable I'm not deleted
No, I think it's because it's the parentheses I think it's because we didn't use a list Oh Well all the lists up here are made in brackets Yes Not parentheses No brackets here And and now it's it's it's undelatable I'm not deleted Unmutable too powerful Because we did parentheses not brackets So I'm taking that and then t list zero equals 100 Tuple object does not support item assigned Tuples are often used for functions that have multiple return values for example As integer ratio method of flow object returns A numerator and a denominator in the form of a tuple x point one two five x Dot as integer ratio one over eight or one in eight These multiple return Values can be individually assigned as follows numerator denominator equals x dot as integer ratio print numerator slot are divided by denominator One point or point one two five Finally, we have some insight into the classic stupid python trick for swapping two variables a equals one b equals zero a comma b equals b comma a print a b Um, and we've also said uh the Thing that is happening in cell 38 is called uh unpacking Okay Notice how both values and the tuples get pulled out uh into out into the variables Hmm Okay, it's your turn You learn the best by writing codes
Unmutable too powerful Because we did parentheses not brackets So I'm taking that and then t list zero equals 100 Tuple object does not support item assigned Tuples are often used for functions that have multiple return values for example As integer ratio method of flow object returns A numerator and a denominator in the form of a tuple x point one two five x Dot as integer ratio one over eight or one in eight These multiple return Values can be individually assigned as follows numerator denominator equals x dot as integer ratio print numerator slot are divided by denominator One point or point one two five Finally, we have some insight into the classic stupid python trick for swapping two variables a equals one b equals zero a comma b equals b comma a print a b Um, and we've also said uh the Thing that is happening in cell 38 is called uh unpacking Okay Notice how both values and the tuples get pulled out uh into out into the variables Hmm Okay, it's your turn You learn the best by writing codes I'm not reading it. So try the coding challenge Oh wait, what Oh, it just like went on a weird screen Okay Things get more interesting with lists
I'm not reading it. So try the coding challenge Oh wait, what Oh, it just like went on a weird screen Okay Things get more interesting with lists You'll apply your new knowledge to solve the questions below Remember to run the following cell first Okay, I will say This part does make me happy because I get a hit a play button and it does things that part is fun Okay Yeah But I think it's Jupiter notebooks that is doing that within this site Because we do that uh J set up a lot of jupiter notebooks j and sevy set up a lot of jupiter notebooks on ivens Workshops, do you think makes it really a lot easier to fall through and understand Okay, so complete the function below according to its doc string Uh doc string says i'm gonna why would we put the doc string after i guess not at the waiting but okay fine defines like second L Doc string says Return the second element of the given list if the given list has no second element return none pass Okay I'm gonna open it in another page because it doesn't make any sense to me and i'm gonna go We forgot to Complete the function below according to the doc string return the second element of a given list If it has turn on okay Um Can i go back to the I uh oh Dox strings always go at the top of a function class If they are put elsewhere they are just a multi-line comment and python doesn't recognize them as documentation Oh Interesting Okay Thank you Um oh i think it is um I know how to check the second element i just don't know how to do like how you would Return none or maybe it's automatic Okay Oh I don't think that's right but screw it um Oh
You'll apply your new knowledge to solve the questions below Remember to run the following cell first Okay, I will say This part does make me happy because I get a hit a play button and it does things that part is fun Okay Yeah But I think it's Jupiter notebooks that is doing that within this site Because we do that uh J set up a lot of jupiter notebooks j and sevy set up a lot of jupiter notebooks on ivens Workshops, do you think makes it really a lot easier to fall through and understand Okay, so complete the function below according to its doc string Uh doc string says i'm gonna why would we put the doc string after i guess not at the waiting but okay fine defines like second L Doc string says Return the second element of the given list if the given list has no second element return none pass Okay I'm gonna open it in another page because it doesn't make any sense to me and i'm gonna go We forgot to Complete the function below according to the doc string return the second element of a given list If it has turn on okay Um Can i go back to the I uh oh Dox strings always go at the top of a function class If they are put elsewhere they are just a multi-line comment and python doesn't recognize them as documentation Oh Interesting Okay Thank you Um oh i think it is um I know how to check the second element i just don't know how to do like how you would Return none or maybe it's automatic Okay Oh I don't think that's right but screw it um Oh So. Ooh. I feel like this is a story of my life. Y'all, I've been trying to build a master's site and Damian has been patiently helping me with this, but story of my life with doing it with contentful have been type errors. So how did I get a type error now? Where? That goes. Yes, type errors
So. Ooh. I feel like this is a story of my life. Y'all, I've been trying to build a master's site and Damian has been patiently helping me with this, but story of my life with doing it with contentful have been type errors. So how did I get a type error now? Where? That goes. Yes, type errors Yes, type errors. Fantastic. When calling a function with arguments, Python, raise the following exception type error function, object is not subscriptable. I don't even know what that means. So we're going to go with the hint. It means you're trying to index something that isn't a list
Yes, type errors. Fantastic. When calling a function with arguments, Python, raise the following exception type error function, object is not subscriptable. I don't even know what that means. So we're going to go with the hint. It means you're trying to index something that isn't a list Oh, because this is not a list. This is a couple. Oh. How do you tell it a couple not to do it? Because it has the way you're right. Yeah, you're right. You're right. I just don't know how you tell a couple not to do it. I think it's a couple. It has it has parentheses on brackets. Yeah
Oh, because this is not a list. This is a couple. Oh. How do you tell it a couple not to do it? Because it has the way you're right. Yeah, you're right. You're right. I just don't know how you tell a couple not to do it. I think it's a couple. It has it has parentheses on brackets. Yeah Yeah. Tables can be indexed to you. There's a couple. It's going to be indexed. Oh, if you had it, you can't add to their index. Okay, okay. Well, I'm going to get the hint because. Oh. What? Warning where I'm able to save your notebook because it has been modified in another location. Okay
Yeah. Tables can be indexed to you. There's a couple. It's going to be indexed. Oh, if you had it, you can't add to their index. Okay, okay. Well, I'm going to get the hint because. Oh. What? Warning where I'm able to save your notebook because it has been modified in another location. Okay Okay. I'll refresh. Wait. Let's copy and paste as the answer first. So I can get the same error. Reload. And the first one to complete. Get my same errors so that my week will move on. And the last one. Okay, I'm going to go ahead and try to get it out. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay
Okay. I'll refresh. Wait. Let's copy and paste as the answer first. So I can get the same error. Reload. And the first one to complete. Get my same errors so that my week will move on. And the last one. Okay, I'm going to go ahead and try to get it out. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay Okay. Okay. Okay. There we go. Now I'm going to look at the hint. What is the variable you're indexing? L or two? I would say L. But it doesn't have anything with it. So it can't be indexed because there's. So I'm going to go ahead and get this. Yeah. Yeah, I didn't mess up
Okay. Okay. Okay. There we go. Now I'm going to look at the hint. What is the variable you're indexing? L or two? I would say L. But it doesn't have anything with it. So it can't be indexed because there's. So I'm going to go ahead and get this. Yeah. Yeah, I didn't mess up And sweep says yes at L. And the hint of this says. Python starts counting at zero. So the second item isn't indexed with a two. So one. Get this. Down there. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. When you hear indexing used as a verb, think of square brackets like something. Oh. I just want to say
And sweep says yes at L. And the hint of this says. Python starts counting at zero. So the second item isn't indexed with a two. So one. Get this. Down there. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. When you hear indexing used as a verb, think of square brackets like something. Oh. I just want to say I just want to say. Oh, go ahead. I was going to say. If any, like I get. Why people probably like might turn it into our show and be like. Want to scream at us. It's like watching a car. Yeah, thanks for the follow. But you know when you like watch a car and like in front of you
I just want to say. Oh, go ahead. I was going to say. If any, like I get. Why people probably like might turn it into our show and be like. Want to scream at us. It's like watching a car. Yeah, thanks for the follow. But you know when you like watch a car and like in front of you And they're going really slow. And you're like, could you just turn? Like your blinkers on just turn already. I feel like. I would understand if people wanted to yell at us for that. It's like watching a five year old drive. Like just get it already. Well, thank you everybody for your patience and
And they're going really slow. And you're like, could you just turn? Like your blinkers on just turn already. I feel like. I would understand if people wanted to yell at us for that. It's like watching a five year old drive. Like just get it already. Well, thank you everybody for your patience and And sweep for showing up and trying to give us hints through it. Because it really does help because it help at least for me. It helps not having to. Look at the answers like going back and looking at the learning that helps enough. But. Not always the same way to be able to keep it going. But
And sweep for showing up and trying to give us hints through it. Because it really does help because it help at least for me. It helps not having to. Look at the answers like going back and looking at the learning that helps enough. But. Not always the same way to be able to keep it going. But But. Damien was right that L should be indexed. But where are you trying to index? Going to indexing. And. And. I don't think you were here and sweep early at the beginning of this. And. This makes sense to me. There we go. Is at the top it showed us what lists are. And it did say planets equal
But. Damien was right that L should be indexed. But where are you trying to index? Going to indexing. And. And. I don't think you were here and sweep early at the beginning of this. And. This makes sense to me. There we go. Is at the top it showed us what lists are. And it did say planets equal And it like. Listed it up there. And. And. So I guess based on. I would say. It's not L. So couples can be indexed. But. I'm so confused. The second element of the given list. If the list has no second element, return on. How would I create a list? The variable you are trying to index. And
And it like. Listed it up there. And. And. So I guess based on. I would say. It's not L. So couples can be indexed. But. I'm so confused. The second element of the given list. If the list has no second element, return on. How would I create a list? The variable you are trying to index. And And. Are we just supposed to put L and then index the L itself instead of indexing select second? That's what I was just thinking is we need to make L equal something. Yeah, but are we making L equal global or are we just. The variable tough L already means. And. Oh
And. Are we just supposed to put L and then index the L itself instead of indexing select second? That's what I was just thinking is we need to make L equal something. Yeah, but are we making L equal global or are we just. The variable tough L already means. And. Oh And. Oh. Got a return value of non given L equal one to three but expected a value type integer. Did you forget to return statement? Oh. And. It's a list. So. Two. Three. Yes. And. You don't want to reassign L. It's an input of the function in an already exists. And. Second
And. Oh. Got a return value of non given L equal one to three but expected a value type integer. Did you forget to return statement? Oh. And. It's a list. So. Two. Three. Yes. And. You don't want to reassign L. It's an input of the function in an already exists. And. Second And. Second. They don't have L defined. So if it's an input of a function, how does that help us? Or maybe I'm just daft. Possibly both of us. It exists because it's impreasuries. We turn the second element of the given list, but it didn't give us a list. And
And. Second. They don't have L defined. So if it's an input of a function, how does that help us? Or maybe I'm just daft. Possibly both of us. It exists because it's impreasuries. We turn the second element of the given list, but it didn't give us a list. And And. We'll leave that just to see what happens. I guess my thing is I don't know how to check for empty. An empty element. Sorted. And. Oh, wait, there's a helpless. It gives us a bunch of things. List methods
And. We'll leave that just to see what happens. I guess my thing is I don't know how to check for empty. An empty element. Sorted. And. Oh, wait, there's a helpless. It gives us a bunch of things. List methods List methods. A user wants to use the select second function must provide an argument that will be the value of L or they get an error. And. What. Do you do you I'm going to put it on screen
List methods. A user wants to use the select second function must provide an argument that will be the value of L or they get an error. And. What. Do you do you I'm going to put it on screen Yeah, a user wants to use the select function must provide an argument that will be the value of L where they get an error. So the L variable. Is it key return self greater or equal to value. Is it return self equal to value. Wow. I. Oh, now I got a recursion error. This is this is fun
Yeah, a user wants to use the select function must provide an argument that will be the value of L where they get an error. So the L variable. Is it key return self greater or equal to value. Is it return self equal to value. Wow. I. Oh, now I got a recursion error. This is this is fun I don't want to call the function again inside of the function you want the index to item tree. From L to return that. Words and things maybe. I don't like the fact that every time I try and check it says that my Q one is wrong. So I'm going to refresh and see if I can do it again
I don't want to call the function again inside of the function you want the index to item tree. From L to return that. Words and things maybe. I don't like the fact that every time I try and check it says that my Q one is wrong. So I'm going to refresh and see if I can do it again I'm see what this does. Okay, now that's definitely not it. So what happens if I hit one because there is one now that doesn't work either. Let's go back to parentheses. He said you were close at one point. So I think it was this part
I'm see what this does. Okay, now that's definitely not it. So what happens if I hit one because there is one now that doesn't work either. Let's go back to parentheses. He said you were close at one point. So I think it was this part When calling the function arguments, pi thoundry is following the error was trying to tell you the thing you've been trying to say but you can't talk to the user if it affects the word Misti And that doesn't really it's need to get to his email Guys, we are going to find different things, Well, it doesn't like one either
When calling the function arguments, pi thoundry is following the error was trying to tell you the thing you've been trying to say but you can't talk to the user if it affects the word Misti And that doesn't really it's need to get to his email Guys, we are going to find different things, Well, it doesn't like one either Oh, well, if it does zero, see if it does zero. See if? No, it does zero. What you do one is one is two. I did. It didn't like it. It's still giving me the same error because of what I'm trying to index isn't what you. Damn cats act a fool again. You're correct. Use brackets
Oh, well, if it does zero, see if it does zero. See if? No, it does zero. What you do one is one is two. I did. It didn't like it. It's still giving me the same error because of what I'm trying to index isn't what you. Damn cats act a fool again. You're correct. Use brackets Use brackets. What am I doing? There we go. Brackets. Oh, it would try zero. Let's try zero. No. Give me a second. I have to go spray a cat. Um, their cat is. It can be a little feisty. So, spray in with water and the spray bottle helps a little bit. Okay. Slicing lesson on the left pane. Okay
Use brackets. What am I doing? There we go. Brackets. Oh, it would try zero. Let's try zero. No. Give me a second. I have to go spray a cat. Um, their cat is. It can be a little feisty. So, spray in with water and the spray bottle helps a little bit. Okay. Slicing lesson on the left pane. Okay Okay. Let's go look at slicing. Slicing slicing slicing. Oh, so if it's zero. No. Okay. I'm going to go ahead and see what I'm going to do. Damien and sweep has spray bottles in every room of the house because of the same thing. I said that. Atticus. Is. Sometimes I see. 49er. Oh, indexing
Okay. Let's go look at slicing. Slicing slicing slicing. Oh, so if it's zero. No. Okay. I'm going to go ahead and see what I'm going to do. Damien and sweep has spray bottles in every room of the house because of the same thing. I said that. Atticus. Is. Sometimes I see. 49er. Oh, indexing 49er. Oh, indexing. Indexing. Indexing. Indexing. We're going to get there. But like it gives it something to index. That is what I don't get. Okay. Oh, my God. Is it? Hold on. I think I might have gotten close. Wait. Wait. What? Okay. Syntax on my side is good
49er. Oh, indexing. Indexing. Indexing. Indexing. We're going to get there. But like it gives it something to index. That is what I don't get. Okay. Oh, my God. Is it? Hold on. I think I might have gotten close. Wait. Wait. What? Okay. Syntax on my side is good We need to try to figure out what we're trying to index. What? We're trying to return the value. What do you mean in like just in general? Basically means the object implements the. It's not just a word or a thing, but this is. Oh my God. I fucking got it. Oh, Jesus Christ
We need to try to figure out what we're trying to index. What? We're trying to return the value. What do you mean in like just in general? Basically means the object implements the. It's not just a word or a thing, but this is. Oh my God. I fucking got it. Oh, Jesus Christ Oh, Jesus Christ. Do you want to share with class? Because. Holy. Yeah. Okay. Please share with class. Okay. I have no idea. But how I got this. I just. I'm sure you want to share your screen. I'm sure you type. Let's have you type. Okay. I just have the answer. Okay
Oh, Jesus Christ. Do you want to share with class? Because. Holy. Yeah. Okay. Please share with class. Okay. I have no idea. But how I got this. I just. I'm sure you want to share your screen. I'm sure you type. Let's have you type. Okay. I just have the answer. Okay Okay. So first I was indexing an if statement of. I was indexing. To return L. Not select. So it was just L. Index of square brackets. And then I think I did one to begin with. And then I did I returned that itself to see what number I would get. So return
Okay. So first I was indexing an if statement of. I was indexing. To return L. Not select. So it was just L. Index of square brackets. And then I think I did one to begin with. And then I did I returned that itself to see what number I would get. So return So return. I'm going to return next to return next to L one. In front of sorry. So then it's like, Hey, when you're calling a function blah blah blah. I'm like, Okay, that can't be right. So let's return. Let's return the function. Let's return the number
So return. I'm going to return next to return next to L one. In front of sorry. So then it's like, Hey, when you're calling a function blah blah blah. I'm like, Okay, that can't be right. So let's return. Let's return the function. Let's return the number Let's return to see what numbers we can get. So then I put the. Column because I saw you put a colon. So I put zero to two. The very first time. And it's like, Hey, you're expecting to buy your two. But given the list here, you got one to instead
Let's return to see what numbers we can get. So then I put the. Column because I saw you put a colon. So I put zero to two. The very first time. And it's like, Hey, you're expecting to buy your two. But given the list here, you got one to instead I'm like, Okay, well, let's just return one similar one colon to. That should give me the number. And it's like, No, go after yourself. And I was like, Well, if you then I put if. L one two. Return. L one. I'll put a colon at the end of it. I'm sorry, not in front of it or not in the middle
I'm like, Okay, well, let's just return one similar one colon to. That should give me the number. And it's like, No, go after yourself. And I was like, Well, if you then I put if. L one two. Return. L one. I'll put a colon at the end of it. I'm sorry, not in front of it or not in the middle I'm so bad at explaining things. No, I don't think you're return. L index one. Which is that right? Yep. Right. And I still barely know what's happening. But in my mind, it says, Hey, if on this list, two, return to. I don't know why you need to have the if there. I would like to know that
I'm so bad at explaining things. No, I don't think you're return. L index one. Which is that right? Yep. Right. And I still barely know what's happening. But in my mind, it says, Hey, if on this list, two, return to. I don't know why you need to have the if there. I would like to know that Why couldn't you just return L one? And it gives you two. But I'm assuming it's because returning L one. It's just returning the list. Of the index point of one. Oh, they put a a lens in there. Fuck their land. And sweep also did the but and sweep did it differently too
Why couldn't you just return L one? And it gives you two. But I'm assuming it's because returning L one. It's just returning the list. Of the index point of one. Oh, they put a a lens in there. Fuck their land. And sweep also did the but and sweep did it differently too I like and sweeps because I feel like. If when is less than one return L one. But I feel like a better hint for this would have been. Look at Len. Like from here specifically because it's a better thing would probably use. Yeah, just like use
I like and sweeps because I feel like. If when is less than one return L one. But I feel like a better hint for this would have been. Look at Len. Like from here specifically because it's a better thing would probably use. Yeah, just like use But my question is is why does that function work and why does it make my head hurt? It probably makes my head hurt because it doesn't seem like it should be right. That I feel like is coding in general. It just like it doesn't seem right. It doesn't make sense
But my question is is why does that function work and why does it make my head hurt? It probably makes my head hurt because it doesn't seem like it should be right. That I feel like is coding in general. It just like it doesn't seem right. It doesn't make sense But if you keep going eventually these things. Peace themselves together. And all your solution gets the return of none for free. Yo. Robby Rob is in the house. Hi. I'm going to go to the next one. And the next one is the end with the end with. We have none. We have four more questions
But if you keep going eventually these things. Peace themselves together. And all your solution gets the return of none for free. Yo. Robby Rob is in the house. Hi. I'm going to go to the next one. And the next one is the end with the end with. We have none. We have four more questions If that was question number one. I'm just gonna share your screen for this one if you would would like. If you would. Sure. Why not. Let's suffer together. I suppose. Yes. I'm gonna start with the last one. I'm gonna start with the last one. Last week. I feel like I should start reminding people
If that was question number one. I'm just gonna share your screen for this one if you would would like. If you would. Sure. Why not. Let's suffer together. I suppose. Yes. I'm gonna start with the last one. I'm gonna start with the last one. Last week. I feel like I should start reminding people If you have a prime subscription. You can subscribe to the channel using your prime subscription. You do have to manually do it every month though. It is super annoying. But if you're not subscribing to somebody else. Our channel could use it. Also, if you notice the new logo
If you have a prime subscription. You can subscribe to the channel using your prime subscription. You do have to manually do it every month though. It is super annoying. But if you're not subscribing to somebody else. Our channel could use it. Also, if you notice the new logo Isn't it amazing? It is thanks to Damien. You can see the graphics and everything. Sometimes I can make things happen. I do have a question for in sweet though. I understand that I get none as a because it's return. I get none. Automatically. But in general, this is a bad statement
Isn't it amazing? It is thanks to Damien. You can see the graphics and everything. Sometimes I can make things happen. I do have a question for in sweet though. I understand that I get none as a because it's return. I get none. Automatically. But in general, this is a bad statement Like this should not be written this way. We should be using when. The L for this type of equation. If we were working together and I put this in the code. Would you come to my desk and flip my computer? That's that's the main question. Would you be angry if you saw this
Like this should not be written this way. We should be using when. The L for this type of equation. If we were working together and I put this in the code. Would you come to my desk and flip my computer? That's that's the main question. Would you be angry if you saw this I would be like, you're recommending changing. So yes, that I feel like politely recommend someone changing. Is like. Is like programmer speak for like, hey man, get messed up. This is me being nice about it. But I'm still upset that you messed up
I would be like, you're recommending changing. So yes, that I feel like politely recommend someone changing. Is like. Is like programmer speak for like, hey man, get messed up. This is me being nice about it. But I'm still upset that you messed up Or if I was a, I guess I was a junior that would be. It'd be like, hey. This is not how we do things here. When returned, I really need to do. Fair enough. He probably just. Thank you. I guess I guess I'm trying to understand how like the what's the best functionality for when
Or if I was a, I guess I was a junior that would be. It'd be like, hey. This is not how we do things here. When returned, I really need to do. Fair enough. He probably just. Thank you. I guess I guess I'm trying to understand how like the what's the best functionality for when I was actually starting to search for it because I was like, I thought they went through it. But they went through the list. You have I have a here I was looking for it, but like. I'm not sure if I can. Oh, they do it in list functions. They talk about. Lend gives the length of the list
I was actually starting to search for it because I was like, I thought they went through it. But they went through the list. You have I have a here I was looking for it, but like. I'm not sure if I can. Oh, they do it in list functions. They talk about. Lend gives the length of the list Here I will. I will still the share screen for a second. We're going back to white background instead of black background. Light theme instead of dark theme. Under list functions. It's the first one. It says. Python has several useful functions working for lists
Here I will. I will still the share screen for a second. We're going back to white background instead of black background. Light theme instead of dark theme. Under list functions. It's the first one. It says. Python has several useful functions working for lists So that does make more sense because. It would have given us the length. But. Len without it being a part of. So don't trust the hints got it. Yeah, because the hint is. Let me go back to it. I'm sorry. Python starts counting at zero. So the second item isn't indexed with a two
So that does make more sense because. It would have given us the length. But. Len without it being a part of. So don't trust the hints got it. Yeah, because the hint is. Let me go back to it. I'm sorry. Python starts counting at zero. So the second item isn't indexed with a two I feel like a hint could have been. Use Len. Oh. And sleep says. The hint made a big assumption around what you got wrong. Sorry. All right. I'll go back up. Okay. I was still on question number one. But I guess we have to move on. Number two. You're in a
I feel like a hint could have been. Use Len. Oh. And sleep says. The hint made a big assumption around what you got wrong. Sorry. All right. I'll go back up. Okay. I was still on question number one. But I guess we have to move on. Number two. You're in a You're in a. You're analyzing sports team members of each sports team are stored in a list. The coach is. Is the first name in the list. The captain is second name. Another player is a list after. These lists are stored in another list, which starts with the best teams that proceed through
You're in a. You're analyzing sports team members of each sports team are stored in a list. The coach is. Is the first name in the list. The captain is second name. Another player is a list after. These lists are stored in another list, which starts with the best teams that proceed through To the worst. Through the list. To the worst team last. I don't know why I don't look at that. I'm not sure. I think that I think. I think. I'll see. I need to start the code. I need to start the code owner. There's multiple teams. So. So very less team is going to be. I think
To the worst. Through the list. To the worst team last. I don't know why I don't look at that. I'm not sure. I think that I think. I think. I'll see. I need to start the code. I need to start the code owner. There's multiple teams. So. So very less team is going to be. I think I think. There's a list of my. I went. Like something that I saw. Right under. Len. Was. That you can do like. There's Yn station. Or tools that launch constantly. names that are on the list. Because I guess where I'm a little lost is these don't tell us what's in the list
I think. There's a list of my. I went. Like something that I saw. Right under. Len. Was. That you can do like. There's Yn station. Or tools that launch constantly. names that are on the list. Because I guess where I'm a little lost is these don't tell us what's in the list To even, so how do we just call a list to see a list? I think you just call it without anything inside of it. Oh. If you return teams, you can see who's in the list. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Okay. The list of teams. Return the second player to the captain from the last gig
To even, so how do we just call a list to see a list? I think you just call it without anything inside of it. Oh. If you return teams, you can see who's in the list. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Okay. The list of teams. Return the second player to the captain from the last gig Is it index negative one, which gives the last team? That's one. Yo, it's Eric. We're on on on the Twitch. Let me let me drop the links. We stream to LinkedIn. So that way people know we exist. Because I feel like that is the hardest part with. With LinkedIn is even a four streaming stuff
Is it index negative one, which gives the last team? That's one. Yo, it's Eric. We're on on on the Twitch. Let me let me drop the links. We stream to LinkedIn. So that way people know we exist. Because I feel like that is the hardest part with. With LinkedIn is even a four streaming stuff Nobody knows where we exist unless we do it here too. Okay. Go ahead. No mute myself. mute myself. Where are you at now, Eric? Like, what are you doing? By the way, I don't know if I told you this enough, but I learned so much from you when I was at stoplight. Like, so much from Eric
Nobody knows where we exist unless we do it here too. Okay. Go ahead. No mute myself. mute myself. Where are you at now, Eric? Like, what are you doing? By the way, I don't know if I told you this enough, but I learned so much from you when I was at stoplight. Like, so much from Eric Oh, it's E-Rock. What's up, Eric? Yeah, that's why it was like dude, get excited. I don't realize which Eric. I did not realize which Eric
Oh, it's E-Rock. What's up, Eric? Yeah, that's why it was like dude, get excited. I don't realize which Eric. I did not realize which Eric What about brother? Eric, how have you been? I know we just told you to go over to Twitch and then we're like, we are going to ask you a million questions at the same time. This end up is out of range. That's a new era. Error. Apparently, I'm just having problems with me and words. Lists
What about brother? Eric, how have you been? I know we just told you to go over to Twitch and then we're like, we are going to ask you a million questions at the same time. This end up is out of range. That's a new era. Error. Apparently, I'm just having problems with me and words. Lists Lists. It's a very hard word. I'm just using that subscribe word. Did you miss a comma? It's interesting that I gave it to you twice. Perhaps you missed a comma. Twice. That's you just. Okay, one
Lists. It's a very hard word. I'm just using that subscribe word. Did you miss a comma? It's interesting that I gave it to you twice. Perhaps you missed a comma. Twice. That's you just. Okay, one Okay, one. The issue is I definitely don't want to use the hand because I'm afraid that it's going to just give me something stupid that's going to send me down and arrive. Oh, but I'm going to use it. The last. No shit. Okay, the first item. That's this is a good hint. That's a great
Okay, one. The issue is I definitely don't want to use the hand because I'm afraid that it's going to just give me something stupid that's going to send me down and arrive. Oh, but I'm going to use it. The last. No shit. Okay, the first item. That's this is a good hint. That's a great That's a great. I didn't realize that's how you do it. So that's a that's a fantastic hint. I don't think this is right. Even if it gives me that I have a few motherfuckers, you should not be giving me the correct answer. That is not correct. There's no way that's right. I don't know
That's a great. I didn't realize that's how you do it. So that's a that's a fantastic hint. I don't think this is right. Even if it gives me that I have a few motherfuckers, you should not be giving me the correct answer. That is not correct. There's no way that's right. I don't know I don't know. I guess why if teams. Is negative one one return teams negative one one because it's like. Oh, that makes more sense. Okay. But wait, do it again, play it again. See if it gives you. That makes more sense. It does. It does. Okay
I don't know. I guess why if teams. Is negative one one return teams negative one one because it's like. Oh, that makes more sense. Okay. But wait, do it again, play it again. See if it gives you. That makes more sense. It does. It does. Okay It does. Okay. I was I was so give me an X over the if statement saying, Hey, you probably don't I mean, I guess it doesn't hurt it, but like. It'd be nice if they're like, Hey, you probably don't need this as well. But I that's what and sweeps for and sweeps here to it. So let me know
It does. Okay. I was I was so give me an X over the if statement saying, Hey, you probably don't I mean, I guess it doesn't hurt it, but like. It'd be nice if they're like, Hey, you probably don't need this as well. But I that's what and sweeps for and sweeps here to it. So let me know So let me know. Hey, friend. My 15 years experience. I just remember that teams returns a list, which itself can be index. That's why negative team. That's why teams negative one one works because it didn't realize that is how you index the index for some particular reason
So let me know. Hey, friend. My 15 years experience. I just remember that teams returns a list, which itself can be index. That's why negative team. That's why teams negative one one works because it didn't realize that is how you index the index for some particular reason I thought you had to have the index inside of the index to index it. Does that work if you delete the second one? No, it does not. Okay. That's why it was giving me all those errors like you have a syntax for answers right. Oh, yeah, integers and object not scribble
I thought you had to have the index inside of the index to index it. Does that work if you delete the second one? No, it does not. Okay. That's why it was giving me all those errors like you have a syntax for answers right. Oh, yeah, integers and object not scribble Like I'm pretty sure this is something else that you can do. But it's not the right answer. That's fair. Okay, two is two is easier. I want to see what the answer they got. Okay. So it's the same thing. Oh, God. You're taking three. I'm taking three. But you have to get four in five
Like I'm pretty sure this is something else that you can do. But it's not the right answer. That's fair. Okay, two is two is easier. I want to see what the answer they got. Okay. So it's the same thing. Oh, God. You're taking three. I'm taking three. But you have to get four in five You're like me the spicy one. Hey, you mean the spicy one. Hey, the team's fair. Okay. The next iteration of Mario Kart will feature an extra infuriating item called the purple show. When it is used, it warps the last place racer into first place in the first place
You're like me the spicy one. Hey, you mean the spicy one. Hey, the team's fair. Okay. The next iteration of Mario Kart will feature an extra infuriating item called the purple show. When it is used, it warps the last place racer into first place in the first place But that sounds like a great item. The first place racer into last place. Complete the function below to implement the purple shells effect. Okay, interesting. That sounds like a great item
But that sounds like a great item. The first place racer into last place. Complete the function below to implement the purple shells effect. Okay, interesting. That sounds like a great item I don't know if you've ever heard the economics student that said Mario Kart is the best form of economics that there is in the world. Oh, no. But I did
I don't know if you've ever heard the economics student that said Mario Kart is the best form of economics that there is in the world. Oh, no. But I did Oh, no. But I did. I did just remember that in my lessons learned with Jay today, I came up with a quote that I wanted to tweet out because I wanted people's opinion on it. And I will do it live. Do it right now. I'm going to I have to go. Because it was learning about terraform
Oh, no. But I did. I did just remember that in my lessons learned with Jay today, I came up with a quote that I wanted to tweet out because I wanted people's opinion on it. And I will do it live. Do it right now. I'm going to I have to go. Because it was learning about terraform It was like the actual thing that happens or terraform like the program. The program. It was for Kubernetes and terraform. And I'm still learning about K8s. And I like that's just a whole other world and. I love Kubernetes. It was trying to describe it to me
It was like the actual thing that happens or terraform like the program. The program. It was for Kubernetes and terraform. And I'm still learning about K8s. And I like that's just a whole other world and. I love Kubernetes. It was trying to describe it to me So we eventually landed on an in an out burger reference. And I know in an out burger is not everywhere in the world. In an out burger is started in California. It has branched out across more of the West. It is still owned by the same owners and their family. It has to be off of a freeway
So we eventually landed on an in an out burger reference. And I know in an out burger is not everywhere in the world. In an out burger is started in California. It has branched out across more of the West. It is still owned by the same owners and their family. It has to be off of a freeway And they have to be able to get fresh meat all the time. And I know this because my partner actually used to train and open in an out burgers when he started his career. Yeah. They sent him to. Utah for a while to open and train a couple of locations there. But it's a burger place
And they have to be able to get fresh meat all the time. And I know this because my partner actually used to train and open in an out burgers when he started his career. Yeah. They sent him to. Utah for a while to open and train a couple of locations there. But it's a burger place So for the reference for everybody, this is a burger place that makes the burger place has to be the same everywhere. And it like literally every in and out burger almost looks identical no matter where you are. Like the one and biggest looks. Almost identical to the ones. Phoenix. Yeah
So for the reference for everybody, this is a burger place that makes the burger place has to be the same everywhere. And it like literally every in and out burger almost looks identical no matter where you are. Like the one and biggest looks. Almost identical to the ones. Phoenix. Yeah Phoenix. Yeah. So I will I will put it in the comments here. And they have a burger called the double double a double double means double meat double cheese. And because it only has like there's only like three things on the menu. A single single double double
Phoenix. Yeah. So I will I will put it in the comments here. And they have a burger called the double double a double double means double meat double cheese. And because it only has like there's only like three things on the menu. A single single double double Animal fry, which is like sauce on their animals that are fries. So. On the menu, they have eight items. If you move like arms are 10 out of 12 items, I thought if you move their specials. And then have shakes and shit. Is it actually on the menu now? I don't remember. Animal fries
Animal fry, which is like sauce on their animals that are fries. So. On the menu, they have eight items. If you move like arms are 10 out of 12 items, I thought if you move their specials. And then have shakes and shit. Is it actually on the menu now? I don't remember. Animal fries Animal fries. Yeah, but I don't know if it's. Now I'm going down this rabbit hole. We please stand by as we have a in and out burger analogy to go check out. So what's the thing that you actually. Double double cheeseburger hamburger fries beverages shakes
Animal fries. Yeah, but I don't know if it's. Now I'm going down this rabbit hole. We please stand by as we have a in and out burger analogy to go check out. So what's the thing that you actually. Double double cheeseburger hamburger fries beverages shakes They're on the are the menu and then they have like your combos. I mean, they have secret menu. Yeah, they have the not so secret secret menu. The double meat, the three by three, the four by four, the grilled cheese, the protein style, the animal style
They're on the are the menu and then they have like your combos. I mean, they have secret menu. Yeah, they have the not so secret secret menu. The double meat, the three by three, the four by four, the grilled cheese, the protein style, the animal style And then the protein animal style and anything. The flying Dutchman, I think is another one. Yeah. And sweet says it's a. A fine analogy. Yes. Kubernetes is all machines and make a double double kitchen terraform is the blueprint in and out
And then the protein animal style and anything. The flying Dutchman, I think is another one. Yeah. And sweet says it's a. A fine analogy. Yes. Kubernetes is all machines and make a double double kitchen terraform is the blueprint in and out Building that all the machines that makes everything look as a. Oh, that is a that's that's pretty solid. You're going to come hang out instead of being a buy head. Is it Atticus? Of course, it's Atticus. She's so pretty. Pretty kitty. Just a great cat doing great cat shit. Goodbye
Building that all the machines that makes everything look as a. Oh, that is a that's that's pretty solid. You're going to come hang out instead of being a buy head. Is it Atticus? Of course, it's Atticus. She's so pretty. Pretty kitty. Just a great cat doing great cat shit. Goodbye Goodbye. Okay, watch me fail miserably at this. Goodbye. Yeah, that is true. To Robbie brought up another. Fry option. Oh, I love like fries. Those are fantastic. Enter object. Insert object before index. Okay, pop. I think it's pop remove. Remove and return item at index. Default
Goodbye. Okay, watch me fail miserably at this. Goodbye. Yeah, that is true. To Robbie brought up another. Fry option. Oh, I love like fries. Those are fantastic. Enter object. Insert object before index. Okay, pop. I think it's pop remove. Remove and return item at index. Default Default. So that just removes it from there. So I don't give a crap about that. Remove. Remove first object. The current and going. Okay, so that removes it. But I don't reverse. I feel like it's reverse. I think it's the one. I think we scared Eric off. Or Eric's working
Default. So that just removes it from there. So I don't give a crap about that. Remove. Remove first object. The current and going. Okay, so that removes it. But I don't reverse. I feel like it's reverse. I think it's the one. I think we scared Eric off. Or Eric's working Or Eric's working. I mean, that is more probable. But. Because people do do that. I mean, I think he's still the umbrella of the new place. I mean, I think it's a little bit more. I mean, I think it's a little bit more. I don't think there is like keen to employ happiness as. Stop what was
Or Eric's working. I mean, that is more probable. But. Because people do do that. I mean, I think he's still the umbrella of the new place. I mean, I think it's a little bit more. I mean, I think it's a little bit more. I don't think there is like keen to employ happiness as. Stop what was Stop what was. Yeah, I do feel like. Most people like multitask while they're working to hang out with. And hang out with us. Any normal person should. Yeah. Same for me. I would have to do it. I'm not always in J stream. What do you mean watching my brain. What I can catch them. Not always can
Stop what was. Yeah, I do feel like. Most people like multitask while they're working to hang out with. And hang out with us. Any normal person should. Yeah. Same for me. I would have to do it. I'm not always in J stream. What do you mean watching my brain. What I can catch them. Not always can Not always can. I can't. I can't always catch them because I'm always like, I already demystere. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh, okay. Okay. It reverses the entire thing. It doesn't switch to two. So that makes perfect sense. I didn't realize you were gonna put five of them
Not always can. I can't. I can't always catch them because I'm always like, I already demystere. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh, okay. Okay. It reverses the entire thing. It doesn't switch to two. So that makes perfect sense. I didn't realize you were gonna put five of them They're gonna put three. It's gonna cheat. I think it has to do with, might have to do with, can I steal your share screen really quick? By the way, I'm, I'm just because I want you to look at this. Is I think it has, might have something to do with this thing. 35. That in line 39. The tuples
They're gonna put three. It's gonna cheat. I think it has to do with, might have to do with, can I steal your share screen really quick? By the way, I'm, I'm just because I want you to look at this. Is I think it has, might have something to do with this thing. 35. That in line 39. The tuples The tuples. Because a equals one and b equals zero and a b equals b a, it swaps them. The stupid python trick. So I wonder. It's silly. That's hilarious. I wonder if purple shadow. Purple shell is. The stupid python trick. I don't know. Clearly, I have not tried anything on my screen. Right
The tuples. Because a equals one and b equals zero and a b equals b a, it swaps them. The stupid python trick. So I wonder. It's silly. That's hilarious. I wonder if purple shadow. Purple shell is. The stupid python trick. I don't know. Clearly, I have not tried anything on my screen. Right Right. Well, now I put it back to your screen. I'm having way more fun. I'm having way more fun trying to post this places and tell people about this. Learn with Jay. New lesson from today. But it doesn't, I don't have a word. I'm trying to put it back to my screen
Right. Well, now I put it back to your screen. I'm having way more fun. I'm having way more fun trying to post this places and tell people about this. Learn with Jay. New lesson from today. But it doesn't, I don't have a word. I'm trying to put it back to my screen I'm trying to put it back to my screen. I'm trying to put it back to my screen. I'm trying to put it back to my screen. My Kubernetes thing. Yes. But it doesn't let me use gifts on LinkedIn. Okay. You know why. LinkedIn is for. Is for real adults. Doing real adult things
I'm trying to put it back to my screen. I'm trying to put it back to my screen. I'm trying to put it back to my screen. My Kubernetes thing. Yes. But it doesn't let me use gifts on LinkedIn. Okay. You know why. LinkedIn is for. Is for real adults. Doing real adult things Being all serious in adults. I'm not an adult. I am not an adult. Is what I feel like. It's so interesting because everyone I've met in like tech. I like basically like not adults. And it's great. I love it. It makes me very happy. Like we are we are. We're up doing
Being all serious in adults. I'm not an adult. I am not an adult. Is what I feel like. It's so interesting because everyone I've met in like tech. I like basically like not adults. And it's great. I love it. It makes me very happy. Like we are we are. We're up doing We're up doing. I like I like the tech industry because of those people. People like in sweep who like I talked to him. And I feel like he is the adult in the room. But I'm pretty sure we can have wonderful conversations of like star track or star wars. And it'd be fun as hell
We're up doing. I like I like the tech industry because of those people. People like in sweep who like I talked to him. And I feel like he is the adult in the room. But I'm pretty sure we can have wonderful conversations of like star track or star wars. And it'd be fun as hell And like we could both geek out nerd about it. And like that's not the adult. Layslabs found us by searching Python. And yes, I feel like we need adults sometimes. And and sweep is just the adult here. Adults when it comes to solving these Python things. Adult here adult
And like we could both geek out nerd about it. And like that's not the adult. Layslabs found us by searching Python. And yes, I feel like we need adults sometimes. And and sweep is just the adult here. Adults when it comes to solving these Python things. Adult here adult Adult here adult. I feel like a variable, but. Oh my god. So I played magic. Oh my god. Magic the can't do. Let's go in sweet. Dude, but I do not have the concentration to build out decks. Just like. But like. Like I've
Adult here adult. I feel like a variable, but. Oh my god. So I played magic. Oh my god. Magic the can't do. Let's go in sweet. Dude, but I do not have the concentration to build out decks. Just like. But like. Like I've Like I've. But if somebody gives me their deck to play like they're back up deck or something. Like it's so funny. I've like beat. This is like time. I've like beat. This is like 10 years ago, though, y'all. Like I just need to say that. So I don't know what it would happen now
Like I've. But if somebody gives me their deck to play like they're back up deck or something. Like it's so funny. I've like beat. This is like time. I've like beat. This is like 10 years ago, though, y'all. Like I just need to say that. So I don't know what it would happen now When I moved in the middle of nowhere in Indiana. All like there was one game store. And I was like, Hey, can I have a job and they're like, no, but you can complete magic together. And I'm like, OK, what's this? So they didn't have. Didn't know what to do with me
When I moved in the middle of nowhere in Indiana. All like there was one game store. And I was like, Hey, can I have a job and they're like, no, but you can complete magic together. And I'm like, OK, what's this? So they didn't have. Didn't know what to do with me So they just like would give me their deck. Their backup decks. And I could play in the competitions. It was a lot of fun. And. And. I'm excited that I could. Make. I could beat some of them with their backup decks. That was. Um, late since 2013, but I played competitive. Nice
So they just like would give me their deck. Their backup decks. And I could play in the competitions. It was a lot of fun. And. And. I'm excited that I could. Make. I could beat some of them with their backup decks. That was. Um, late since 2013, but I played competitive. Nice Nice. Do you have you tried. MTG online in sweet. MTG arena. Sorry. Another four different versions. Blaze, I am replying to you. I am grabbing links. So. So. You can. We're working on a cable. That name is way too close, but you know. I am so glad you saw this. Safe because I was just like. Well
Nice. Do you have you tried. MTG online in sweet. MTG arena. Sorry. Another four different versions. Blaze, I am replying to you. I am grabbing links. So. So. You can. We're working on a cable. That name is way too close, but you know. I am so glad you saw this. Safe because I was just like. Well Well. And. That's true, nothing beats physical cards, but it is very fun. I know, um, especially with like a popular commander. He got an on days. It's really fun to just buy precon. And like play online. play a bunch online
Well. And. That's true, nothing beats physical cards, but it is very fun. I know, um, especially with like a popular commander. He got an on days. It's really fun to just buy precon. And like play online. play a bunch online Like I have, if you look at my closet right now, I have like maybe eight Commander decks, like the Condex, but like all of my friends have like 30 because we should play. We should play? Okay, let's work. We can play. Be the first showed up we win. Yes, we are starting with Python
Like I have, if you look at my closet right now, I have like maybe eight Commander decks, like the Condex, but like all of my friends have like 30 because we should play. We should play? Okay, let's work. We can play. Be the first showed up we win. Yes, we are starting with Python And we're also we've been friends for like 10 plus years, or 10, I don't actually know how long we've been friends for a long time. And I've had this teach on text ring for a long time, but it stopped for a while because I was learning way too much all at once. And Damian brings focus to my life
And we're also we've been friends for like 10 plus years, or 10, I don't actually know how long we've been friends for a long time. And I've had this teach on text ring for a long time, but it stopped for a while because I was learning way too much all at once. And Damian brings focus to my life That's how a lot. It's true, it's true. And so we've been lives remain this Python course, even though we've struggled quite a bit with it in the fact that a lot of people have told us that maybe we should go with a different course, but we are fighting our way through to get the certification
That's how a lot. It's true, it's true. And so we've been lives remain this Python course, even though we've struggled quite a bit with it in the fact that a lot of people have told us that maybe we should go with a different course, but we are fighting our way through to get the certification Because I purely just really want the certification. That's. It's a lot of. You only need to swap. And we are currently on question number three, which is the purple show got involved with Mario Kart. And it is swapping his first. Another change of. So you don't want to reassign them
Because I purely just really want the certification. That's. It's a lot of. You only need to swap. And we are currently on question number three, which is the purple show got involved with Mario Kart. And it is swapping his first. Another change of. So you don't want to reassign them You will swap them. Oh, go back, go back, go back. OK, OK, I'm back. Oh, you named them the same thing. Oh, because it's swapping racers. That makes sense. That does make sense. Because
You will swap them. Oh, go back, go back, go back. OK, OK, I'm back. Oh, you named them the same thing. Oh, because it's swapping racers. That makes sense. That does make sense. Because Because. Oh, yeah, because I was going to say, why don't we change racers for to like racers like a different name on it? Because I feel like that's going to. Name a variable instead. No, because then it would just be an A. But like try maybe race serves equal a race or equals B. I don't know
Because. Oh, yeah, because I was going to say, why don't we change racers for to like racers like a different name on it? Because I feel like that's going to. Name a variable instead. No, because then it would just be an A. But like try maybe race serves equal a race or equals B. I don't know I don't know. I don't know if that would. OK. They don't want you to change the values. OK. So if they don't want me to change the values, would it be better to have this. I hate it when it does this. Thank you. Just. Here today my answer is in the air
I don't know. I don't know if that would. OK. They don't want you to change the values. OK. So if they don't want me to change the values, would it be better to have this. I hate it when it does this. Thank you. Just. Here today my answer is in the air The answers in the air, who said the answers in the air. And X. And one three three return. Racers check your answers. And so we would help if I knew, you know, know that all of your lists will be the length of five. But your code is assuming that it's true. I want to, yeah, blaze
The answers in the air, who said the answers in the air. And X. And one three three return. Racers check your answers. And so we would help if I knew, you know, know that all of your lists will be the length of five. But your code is assuming that it's true. I want to, yeah, blaze I thought it was just like a reverse, but it's just. I guess rotating, but it's changing five and it's changing the very first and the very last character number in the list. What I thought would be easy. Reverse reverse the. Please. OK, so it is this super trick. It's not that OK
I thought it was just like a reverse, but it's just. I guess rotating, but it's changing five and it's changing the very first and the very last character number in the list. What I thought would be easy. Reverse reverse the. Please. OK, so it is this super trick. It's not that OK It's not that OK. How do I do that? Bye, bye. OK. But I feel like if we include the equals, it reassigns it. Your solution is almost perfect. You know, each another method. Is it because of the return, your function should not return anything. Oh, because of the return
It's not that OK. How do I do that? Bye, bye. OK. But I feel like if we include the equals, it reassigns it. Your solution is almost perfect. You know, each another method. Is it because of the return, your function should not return anything. Oh, because of the return Change the list without returning anything. So just remove the return. OK, after running the function. Really. OK, after returning the function on list and now expected any value L and M, but actually. Oh, so it wants us to define Mario and Luigi to Luigi and Mario. It doesn't make sense
Change the list without returning anything. So just remove the return. OK, after running the function. Really. OK, after returning the function on list and now expected any value L and M, but actually. Oh, so it wants us to define Mario and Luigi to Luigi and Mario. It doesn't make sense OK, I don't like what it gives this index error. It doesn't make sense to me. It makes you want a point of wall, but it's fine. I think it's because instead of the four, it needs to be negative one. But it's fine. OK, yeah, that's what that's what they were saying. Thank you, kids
OK, I don't like what it gives this index error. It doesn't make sense to me. It makes you want a point of wall, but it's fine. I think it's because instead of the four, it needs to be negative one. But it's fine. OK, yeah, that's what that's what they were saying. Thank you, kids Thank you, kids. And ladies anything. Babies. And you see errors like that. You always go straight to the bottom and read. Oh, that's good to know. List index is out of range. Here's a list of indices. Then switch the first and last. Well, we have a list of indices right here called racers
Thank you, kids. And ladies anything. Babies. And you see errors like that. You always go straight to the bottom and read. Oh, that's good to know. List index is out of range. Here's a list of indices. Then switch the first and last. Well, we have a list of indices right here called racers So if we have racers, which is the indices, I have negative one. And. Is it because I have this backwards? I'm not very upset if it's because I have backwards. OK, you're after running the function in L expected to. So M it should be the very first racer. L should supposedly be the last racer
So if we have racers, which is the indices, I have negative one. And. Is it because I have this backwards? I'm not very upset if it's because I have backwards. OK, you're after running the function in L expected to. So M it should be the very first racer. L should supposedly be the last racer And then the equals. L, which is the last racer and M, which is the first racer at the prints now. No, no backwards. Here's a hint. Range. So I think it wants. I feel like Ginny already had the answer. No, I'm. I want to error right now. I'm trying a different way, which isn't working either
And then the equals. L, which is the last racer and M, which is the first racer at the prints now. No, no backwards. Here's a hint. Range. So I think it wants. I feel like Ginny already had the answer. No, I'm. I want to error right now. I'm trying a different way, which isn't working either So just so you know. Off by one error. Is it the indices equal range. Length and racers. How do you get the first item on list? I think you. Put a zero. Not a one. Put a zero. Thank you guys. Wow. I'm not sure. I'm not sure what the next item is. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure
So just so you know. Off by one error. Is it the indices equal range. Length and racers. How do you get the first item on list? I think you. Put a zero. Not a one. Put a zero. Thank you guys. Wow. I'm not sure. I'm not sure what the next item is. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure I'm not sure. Scroll up a little bit. What is your answer? I see. I have a sneaking suspicion that. Right now. I can't believe that. I'm going just. GAHYUN, you're doing some cool hands-erve. Gon proper. That's why I feel like people probably. You know, to be fair, they're not yelling at us
I'm not sure. Scroll up a little bit. What is your answer? I see. I have a sneaking suspicion that. Right now. I can't believe that. I'm going just. GAHYUN, you're doing some cool hands-erve. Gon proper. That's why I feel like people probably. You know, to be fair, they're not yelling at us They're very much saying, Hey, like, you're. You're so close. Yeah, they're very kind about it. But. And let me see what I have. 10 equals racers zeroes, racers zeroes equals racers negative one, racers one equal 10. Scroll down a little bit more. Is there anything else? That's it
They're very much saying, Hey, like, you're. You're so close. Yeah, they're very kind about it. But. And let me see what I have. 10 equals racers zeroes, racers zeroes equals racers negative one, racers one equal 10. Scroll down a little bit more. Is there anything else? That's it I don't think I ever would have thought to do it this way. Uncle Leo style. I'm going to copy it and see if it actually passes the test. They use a tip variable. Yeah, your solution was better. Oh, okay. It's because you guys helped. That's why. Got the collective hive mind. See. Um
I don't think I ever would have thought to do it this way. Uncle Leo style. I'm going to copy it and see if it actually passes the test. They use a tip variable. Yeah, your solution was better. Oh, okay. It's because you guys helped. That's why. Got the collective hive mind. See. Um See. Um. Uh, well, this is interesting. Um, I will try seeing if its indentations are off somehow. Maybe that's it. Sleepbo, I'm going to see you been signaled, not seen held. Mostly because. And my mind see nobles in anime. And I can't find it anywhere. So I'm going to assume you may sign build
See. Um. Uh, well, this is interesting. Um, I will try seeing if its indentations are off somehow. Maybe that's it. Sleepbo, I'm going to see you been signaled, not seen held. Mostly because. And my mind see nobles in anime. And I can't find it anywhere. So I'm going to assume you may sign build Okay. Um, yeah, okay. Hey, I'm going to four. Fine. Good. It's your turn. You can. We can do your screen. And I can struggle without having. Fantastic. Okay. Sleepbo. Four. That's a great name. And hello, sleep up
Okay. Um, yeah, okay. Hey, I'm going to four. Fine. Good. It's your turn. You can. We can do your screen. And I can struggle without having. Fantastic. Okay. Sleepbo. Four. That's a great name. And hello, sleep up What are the links of the following list? Fill the variables links with your predictions, trying to make a prediction for each list without just calling Len on it. I'm not going to lie. I haven't used one once. Why? Why wouldn't I just use Len? I don't understand
What are the links of the following list? Fill the variables links with your predictions, trying to make a prediction for each list without just calling Len on it. I'm not going to lie. I haven't used one once. Why? Why wouldn't I just use Len? I don't understand Like, isn't that the purpose of having Len? Is to not have to think about this. Um, put your predictions in the list below. Link should contain four numbers in the first. And first, the length of a, the second being the length of b and so on. So try to make what the fuck are they saying? Okay. Two
Like, isn't that the purpose of having Len? Is to not have to think about this. Um, put your predictions in the list below. Link should contain four numbers in the first. And first, the length of a, the second being the length of b and so on. So try to make what the fuck are they saying? Okay. Two Two. Are they just asking what's the length of these things? And we need to guess it. Is that what they're asking? Yeah. Okay. Um, so two. Why would you do two for the first one? Instead of zero, one, two? Uh, I assume it's zero in length as well. I didn't think zero was in length
Two. Are they just asking what's the length of these things? And we need to guess it. Is that what they're asking? Yeah. Okay. Um, so two. Why would you do two for the first one? Instead of zero, one, two? Uh, I assume it's zero in length as well. I didn't think zero was in length I'm not running Len. I'm just looking back at this. Whatever. So, this is the length of a list. No, no. Fending list. List functions. Len. Does you the length of a list? But it doesn't say if it starts with zero. The list is still three items long. Okay. So three. So this is a list within the list
I'm not running Len. I'm just looking back at this. Whatever. So, this is the length of a list. No, no. Fending list. List functions. Len. Does you the length of a list? But it doesn't say if it starts with zero. The list is still three items long. Okay. So three. So this is a list within the list Okay. So three. Two. Um, the second one, you would say one or two or three. What would you say? I would say the second one. I don't know because the last time I tried to do that didn't work. So, um, I mean, there's two items on the list. So, wait, if one. There's a list itself, which has one item
Okay. So three. Two. Um, the second one, you would say one or two or three. What would you say? I would say the second one. I don't know because the last time I tried to do that didn't work. So, um, I mean, there's two items on the list. So, wait, if one. There's a list itself, which has one item And then another list that has two items. In that list. So would that make it three or would that make it four? The number of. So, just so that way I can learn it because I feel like this is. I'm learning to do it. Don't do it. Don't cheat has one. And a list. So that's two. One below provides
And then another list that has two items. In that list. So would that make it three or would that make it four? The number of. So, just so that way I can learn it because I feel like this is. I'm learning to do it. Don't do it. Don't cheat has one. And a list. So that's two. One below provides One below provides. I just did two. Okay. So that's three in the list. And then. Well, D to me makes sense if it's one because there's three in the list. But it's asking for one through I'm not one to because it's asking for one through end. So it'd be asking for two and three
One below provides. I just did two. Okay. So that's three in the list. And then. Well, D to me makes sense if it's one because there's three in the list. But it's asking for one through I'm not one to because it's asking for one through end. So it'd be asking for two and three And how many are on a list of two and three? That makes sense. I also put none for see because there's nothing in the list. I feel like it's. I've been. I'm open to dark mode, but I've had requests for both for light mode and dark mode. So can you all vote because I'm down for either
And how many are on a list of two and three? That makes sense. I also put none for see because there's nothing in the list. I feel like it's. I've been. I'm open to dark mode, but I've had requests for both for light mode and dark mode. So can you all vote because I'm down for either Like I really don't care. How many things are inside Z there are no things inside Z. Oh, I forgot zero is something you can put. Yeah, I thought zero was one. I don't want to dictate what's good for your eyes. 100% dark mode
Like I really don't care. How many things are inside Z there are no things inside Z. Oh, I forgot zero is something you can put. Yeah, I thought zero was one. I don't want to dictate what's good for your eyes. 100% dark mode 100% dark mode. I think Jay wanted me to go to light mode because you it's easier for us to present when we're. Think of sleep those eyes. I mean, I'm down for it. This should refresh into dark mode. There we go. I'm just going to put this in both eyes. The rest of everything I have is dark mode
100% dark mode. I think Jay wanted me to go to light mode because you it's easier for us to present when we're. Think of sleep those eyes. I mean, I'm down for it. This should refresh into dark mode. There we go. I'm just going to put this in both eyes. The rest of everything I have is dark mode So. I really says you always have to learn. We're on four. So what did we decide here on this list? There's one, two, three. Maybe we read less. Maybe understand. I feel like I'm just going to guess numbers until it's. Cheese it. Don't lose the best way
So. I really says you always have to learn. We're on four. So what did we decide here on this list? There's one, two, three. Maybe we read less. Maybe understand. I feel like I'm just going to guess numbers until it's. Cheese it. Don't lose the best way The dark soul equivalent of throwing yourself at a ball. Sometimes it figured out it's patterns. Yes. If that's what it takes. Yes. Whatever it takes. Although. You survived me just trying things until something just didn't work. Zero. Why not? Yeah. Okay
The dark soul equivalent of throwing yourself at a ball. Sometimes it figured out it's patterns. Yes. If that's what it takes. Yes. Whatever it takes. Although. You survived me just trying things until something just didn't work. Zero. Why not? Yeah. Okay Okay. I don't think it said a lot over here on what. I don't know why this is. Zero. One, two, three. Lists. Oh, finally. I got it. I hate it. What? Stupid. Stupid face. Stupid. Okay. Please explain. I just kind of listened to what N sweeps said and he said count what's on the list
Okay. I don't think it said a lot over here on what. I don't know why this is. Zero. One, two, three. Lists. Oh, finally. I got it. I hate it. What? Stupid. Stupid face. Stupid. Okay. Please explain. I just kind of listened to what N sweeps said and he said count what's on the list So there are three items on the list of A. So one, two, and three. And then B has two items. One and then another list. And then C has zero items because there's nothing on this. And then D has two items because it's asking for the list after the list
So there are three items on the list of A. So one, two, and three. And then B has two items. One and then another list. And then C has zero items because there's nothing on this. And then D has two items because it's asking for the list after the list So the list itself after the list is one through the end of the list. So the two, three, which is two. I get that, but we were specifically told earlier that it's a blank in the list isn't actually blank. It's one. When did it say that? When we were looking up blanks, like, I think it was J
So the list itself after the list is one through the end of the list. So the two, three, which is two. I get that, but we were specifically told earlier that it's a blank in the list isn't actually blank. It's one. When did it say that? When we were looking up blanks, like, I think it was J Maybe it wasn't J, but like it wasn't me because I didn't know that shit. There was nothing there. There actually is something there. I mean, there's the list itself. The list is there. Like you can add stuff to. Oh, land. Land along with it. Okay. When we're turned zero
Maybe it wasn't J, but like it wasn't me because I didn't know that shit. There was nothing there. There actually is something there. I mean, there's the list itself. The list is there. Like you can add stuff to. Oh, land. Land along with it. Okay. When we're turned zero It's because slicing syntax always returns a list. I mean, it's like correctly earlier that C has zero items inside. It's, I only looked at it as what items were inside of the list itself. I didn't look at it as like anything outside of that. I mean, it's just like that
It's because slicing syntax always returns a list. I mean, it's like correctly earlier that C has zero items inside. It's, I only looked at it as what items were inside of the list itself. I didn't look at it as like anything outside of that. I mean, it's just like that I mean, it's just like that. Yeah. Don't, don't look at me like this. I'm just, I'm just here. It's true. You show up every Thursday. Yay. It is Thursday. It is Thursday. It's true. It's me telling everybody else to hit, like, follow or subscribe to hang out with us on Thursdays
I mean, it's just like that. Yeah. Don't, don't look at me like this. I'm just, I'm just here. It's true. You show up every Thursday. Yay. It is Thursday. It is Thursday. It's true. It's me telling everybody else to hit, like, follow or subscribe to hang out with us on Thursdays We do this every Thursday. I'm just great. I do have to figure out if we're a second stream volume in Australia. Yes, I know I can physically stream in Australia. I don't know about time zones. You might not, you might not be able to visit me streaming on share. This is a hands on. I think I can
We do this every Thursday. I'm just great. I do have to figure out if we're a second stream volume in Australia. Yes, I know I can physically stream in Australia. I don't know about time zones. You might not, you might not be able to visit me streaming on share. This is a hands on. I think I can I think I can. Australia has some trash internet. I'm just a podcast with Australian. I'm trying to think if they've been on my live stream though. If they've just been on the podcast or if they've been on the show. It's upside down right now. Everything's upside down. Oh, that's fair. Fair enough
I think I can. Australia has some trash internet. I'm just a podcast with Australian. I'm trying to think if they've been on my live stream though. If they've just been on the podcast or if they've been on the show. It's upside down right now. Everything's upside down. Oh, that's fair. Fair enough Fair enough. Okay. Five spicy. We have 14 minutes to do this one because we have to keep this stream under two hours. I believe in you, Jen. You got this. We're using lists to record people who attend our party and what order they arrived in
Fair enough. Okay. Five spicy. We have 14 minutes to do this one because we have to keep this stream under two hours. I believe in you, Jen. You got this. We're using lists to record people who attend our party and what order they arrived in For example, the following list represents a party with seven guests, which Adela showed up first and forward was the last to arrive. A guest considerably fashionally when they arrived after at least the half the party guests. However, they must not be very last. That's taken it too far
For example, the following list represents a party with seven guests, which Adela showed up first and forward was the last to arrive. A guest considerably fashionally when they arrived after at least the half the party guests. However, they must not be very last. That's taken it too far The above example, Mona and Gilbert are the only guests who were fashionally late. Complete the function below, which takes the list of party attendees as well as person. And tells us whether the person arrived fashionally late. What the fuck? Who would care? I don't know. Okay. Americans
The above example, Mona and Gilbert are the only guests who were fashionally late. Complete the function below, which takes the list of party attendees as well as person. And tells us whether the person arrived fashionally late. What the fuck? Who would care? I don't know. Okay. Americans Okay. Americans. I realize that after hanging out with like people who aren't from America, like they just Germans too. Germans are very particular on time unless they're partying, then they don't care. I love party at which Germans. They party like it's the end of the world
Okay. Americans. I realize that after hanging out with like people who aren't from America, like they just Germans too. Germans are very particular on time unless they're partying, then they don't care. I love party at which Germans. They party like it's the end of the world I just want to print these so that way I can see. Dude, no joke. I love Spain and France. Well, I don't know. I don't know about France. I don't actually like France that much. Weird experiences in France and with French people. For the most part, negative for just weird. But Spain, love them
I just want to print these so that way I can see. Dude, no joke. I love Spain and France. Well, I don't know. I don't know about France. I don't actually like France that much. Weird experiences in France and with French people. For the most part, negative for just weird. But Spain, love them Fantastic people. Great food. Germans love them so much. They're so fun. Every time I go to Germany, it's just a blast. And they're so diligent when it comes to working and just like. They drink like someone's getting their legs out off in a, in like the civil war
Fantastic people. Great food. Germans love them so much. They're so fun. Every time I go to Germany, it's just a blast. And they're so diligent when it comes to working and just like. They drink like someone's getting their legs out off in a, in like the civil war It's so exciting because I don't drink like that. So it's just really interesting to just hang out with people who can drink like that. By the way, in Germany, last week, seven McDonald's intro. Seven in, I'm so confused because they're all sleeping. They're in the train station. Oh, oh, seven a.m
It's so exciting because I don't drink like that. So it's just really interesting to just hang out with people who can drink like that. By the way, in Germany, last week, seven McDonald's intro. Seven in, I'm so confused because they're all sleeping. They're in the train station. Oh, oh, seven a.m Oh, oh, seven a.m. Okay. I'm not going to say that. When I was in Munich. Yeah. I totally had six a.m. chicken nuggets in a train station. In Munich. I've done that. Yeah. Yeah. That was that was fun times. I can't drink anymore. Yeah. I got diagnosed with pots and found out about that
Oh, oh, seven a.m. Okay. I'm not going to say that. When I was in Munich. Yeah. I totally had six a.m. chicken nuggets in a train station. In Munich. I've done that. Yeah. Yeah. That was that was fun times. I can't drink anymore. Yeah. I got diagnosed with pots and found out about that I can't drink. I can't hang. It's fine. No, I just shouldn't drink. I mean, shouldn't drink. Okay. Then don't drink. If the doctor says I'll do it, I'll do it. Just don't. I'm like, I want to go have fun. Hey, here's the question. If you can't drink, there's other supplements that you can take
I can't drink. I can't hang. It's fine. No, I just shouldn't drink. I mean, shouldn't drink. Okay. Then don't drink. If the doctor says I'll do it, I'll do it. Just don't. I'm like, I want to go have fun. Hey, here's the question. If you can't drink, there's other supplements that you can take Not really. No. Can't even take those supplements. No, I get water. I mean, I make gummies, but yeah. No, I can't do gummies. I can't do that at all because I. Signed an agreement that said you can't. No, actually, just I just struggle bus with it. Oh, it's fine. But it's because
Not really. No. Can't even take those supplements. No, I get water. I mean, I make gummies, but yeah. No, I can't do gummies. I can't do that at all because I. Signed an agreement that said you can't. No, actually, just I just struggle bus with it. Oh, it's fine. But it's because But it's because. Dude, I can't even like concentrate on this right now. Okay, you concentrate on that. I'll hang out with sleep. And in sleep, we'll talk about Europe. In the order list of the arrival party, return or the guests with that name was Fashionably Late. I don't have brain power left
But it's because. Dude, I can't even like concentrate on this right now. Okay, you concentrate on that. I'll hang out with sleep. And in sleep, we'll talk about Europe. In the order list of the arrival party, return or the guests with that name was Fashionably Late. I don't have brain power left By the time we get to Question Five, use the index message, find when the person arrived, check whether or not they were faculty. this. Just jump straight into the hint. Go for it. I did. That is the hint. Oh
By the time we get to Question Five, use the index message, find when the person arrived, check whether or not they were faculty. this. Just jump straight into the hint. Go for it. I did. That is the hint. Oh Oh. You see, I'm just going to define when the person around check for the actual late spot, given the length of the list. I think I'm still struggling the facts that they keep telling us to do this stuff with it without telling us what the list involves. Brent list. I did, but he didn't
Oh. You see, I'm just going to define when the person around check for the actual late spot, given the length of the list. I think I'm still struggling the facts that they keep telling us to do this stuff with it without telling us what the list involves. Brent list. I did, but he didn't Europe is funded. Paris was crazy. That's the only like, I think one of the only countries I haven't visited yet is France. I should say only country that we haven't visited, because there's plenty of countries that haven't visited. But like, then the major European countries as opposed
Europe is funded. Paris was crazy. That's the only like, I think one of the only countries I haven't visited yet is France. I should say only country that we haven't visited, because there's plenty of countries that haven't visited. But like, then the major European countries as opposed And I haven't visited the UK, but like, I like, I like eating. So I don't. You would like the UK. They have pies. I just got Ireland for pies. And Ireland is really good whiskey. And I was like, oh, dude, I saw how my Jameson 30th birthday whiskey from just to Larry. Yeah. That's pretty dope. Okay
And I haven't visited the UK, but like, I like, I like eating. So I don't. You would like the UK. They have pies. I just got Ireland for pies. And Ireland is really good whiskey. And I was like, oh, dude, I saw how my Jameson 30th birthday whiskey from just to Larry. Yeah. That's pretty dope. Okay Okay. So Okay. So rivals are Adele. Name is Adele. What? But I guess I can certainly fashionally late party attendees. What I just do sort party attend. I don't know. I'm supposed to move them. Chained team the list. Okay. We need to do. Party. We're going to listen to the room. Attendee
Okay. So Okay. So rivals are Adele. Name is Adele. What? But I guess I can certainly fashionally late party attendees. What I just do sort party attend. I don't know. I'm supposed to move them. Chained team the list. Okay. We need to do. Party. We're going to listen to the room. Attendee Attendee. Given an order list. Party. And a name. Return or their guests with that name is fashionally late. Okay. So at least there's a return. And I hope you're here. Sleepy, you're more than welcome to help you just can't give us a direct answer
Attendee. Given an order list. Party. And a name. Return or their guests with that name is fashionally late. Okay. So at least there's a return. And I hope you're here. Sleepy, you're more than welcome to help you just can't give us a direct answer It's always much more fun when we struggle up this hill and eventually. Yes. Um. Mona and Gilbert were fashionally late. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. Mona and Gilbert were fashionally late. Oh. But they must not be the very last guess
It's always much more fun when we struggle up this hill and eventually. Yes. Um. Mona and Gilbert were fashionally late. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. Mona and Gilbert were fashionally late. Oh. But they must not be the very last guess What? They already are the very last. No, they're not forward is the very last. But they know they must not be the very last guest. That's taking it too far. Yeah. I think they're saying don't move them to the end
What? They already are the very last. No, they're not forward is the very last. But they know they must not be the very last guest. That's taking it too far. Yeah. I think they're saying don't move them to the end Then who else is fashionally late? Because you said Mona and Gilbert, right? So forward is late as hell. He's not fashionally late. Mona and Gilbert are fashionally late. That means they're late with enough time for the party. They still have festivities and do things
Then who else is fashionally late? Because you said Mona and Gilbert, right? So forward is late as hell. He's not fashionally late. Mona and Gilbert are fashionally late. That means they're late with enough time for the party. They still have festivities and do things They're Spanish late, if you will. And then forward is just late. But it says, I guess using the record of people who attended the party in what order they arrived in, for example, the following list represents party of seven guests. Adele showed up first and forward with last year of pride
They're Spanish late, if you will. And then forward is just late. But it says, I guess using the record of people who attended the party in what order they arrived in, for example, the following list represents party of seven guests. Adele showed up first and forward with last year of pride A guest is considered fashionally late. If they arrived at least half of the party's guests, after half the party's guess, however, they must not be the very last. Let's take it into back. Far the above example is Mona and Gilbert are the only ones who arrived fashionally late
A guest is considered fashionally late. If they arrived at least half of the party's guests, after half the party's guess, however, they must not be the very last. Let's take it into back. Far the above example is Mona and Gilbert are the only ones who arrived fashionally late Complete the function which takes the list of party attendees as well as a person and tells us if they were fashionally late. So, oh, if they are what? Three on. They. What do you know how long they'll list this? Okay. It's really late. Fashion. So, don't put three on put
Complete the function which takes the list of party attendees as well as a person and tells us if they were fashionally late. So, oh, if they are what? Three on. They. What do you know how long they'll list this? Okay. It's really late. Fashion. So, don't put three on put I think it's three to negative one will make it so it doesn't include the last person. Because the last person can't be considered fashionally late. Is not what they said. Yes. And and sweep. Yes, we are open to connections. Yes. Hopefully good connections. Not bad connections
I think it's three to negative one will make it so it doesn't include the last person. Because the last person can't be considered fashionally late. Is not what they said. Yes. And and sweep. Yes, we are open to connections. Yes. Hopefully good connections. Not bad connections Since you're on screen. Yeah, we stream to the social media. To build traction, but also to build the community around it. And a lot of people if they don't see the streams elsewhere, it's very hard to drive them to twitch if they're not already twitch users
Since you're on screen. Yeah, we stream to the social media. To build traction, but also to build the community around it. And a lot of people if they don't see the streams elsewhere, it's very hard to drive them to twitch if they're not already twitch users I mean, the quality of my connection is your video. I think that's wrong. I think it's, they're probably pretty cool. Most people are cool. It's I. It's I used to only stream to twitch and I noticed people never knew that it was going on and missed a lot of the content
I mean, the quality of my connection is your video. I think that's wrong. I think it's, they're probably pretty cool. Most people are cool. It's I. It's I used to only stream to twitch and I noticed people never knew that it was going on and missed a lot of the content So that's a big reason I wanted to. Is that because of skippity? Yes. Skippity toy. No, skippity. Something Ohio. I don't know. Look at what the kids say these days. What do you think? Oh, my God. Skippity is the. The Skippity toilet. Bro, what are you talking about? Oh. Please don't
So that's a big reason I wanted to. Is that because of skippity? Yes. Skippity toy. No, skippity. Something Ohio. I don't know. Look at what the kids say these days. What do you think? Oh, my God. Skippity is the. The Skippity toilet. Bro, what are you talking about? Oh. Please don't Please don't. It's give it a toilet. No, it's Skippity Ohio. Oh, Ohio. Riz. It does not say toilet anymore. It just says skippity. Oh, Ohio. Riz. Oh, Ohio. Skippity. Riz. It's. Ohio. So what I find to be very interesting is Ohio. Skippity is is like is autism. Riz. For. Like our generation. Oh
Please don't. It's give it a toilet. No, it's Skippity Ohio. Oh, Ohio. Riz. It does not say toilet anymore. It just says skippity. Oh, Ohio. Riz. Oh, Ohio. Skippity. Riz. It's. Ohio. So what I find to be very interesting is Ohio. Skippity is is like is autism. Riz. For. Like our generation. Oh Oh. Yeah, because it's like Ohio just means weird. I don't think it means bad. I don't think it means bad. I mean, it says that there are some nevermind. He's right. Right. Ohio here means weird or bad. But I feel like. Skippity. Ohio. Riz is like autism. If I had to give a comparison
Oh. Yeah, because it's like Ohio just means weird. I don't think it means bad. I don't think it means bad. I mean, it says that there are some nevermind. He's right. Right. Ohio here means weird or bad. But I feel like. Skippity. Ohio. Riz is like autism. If I had to give a comparison Worst you're mean for like three more minutes. But we got stuck on. Or autism. Or is autism. Yes. There are some times where we're. Where I mean some people who had who are also. Who have those. The wool shirts and they have the most fascinating. War facts. Um, you walked into
Worst you're mean for like three more minutes. But we got stuck on. Or autism. Or is autism. Yes. There are some times where we're. Where I mean some people who had who are also. Who have those. The wool shirts and they have the most fascinating. War facts. Um, you walked into Me not wanting to do this because I think it's stupid that we're looking at. Attendees and what order they arrived in. Like that is just what this is. At. And. Then we start talking about. Skippity Ohio. Riz. Because. There was an insult to. Ohio. Or so. I don't know. I. Jay. Do I ever know. Like
Me not wanting to do this because I think it's stupid that we're looking at. Attendees and what order they arrived in. Like that is just what this is. At. And. Then we start talking about. Skippity Ohio. Riz. Because. There was an insult to. Ohio. Or so. I don't know. I. Jay. Do I ever know. Like Like. Jay is on YouTube. And. If Jay decides to stream all rate to you. You're actually. Jay is a family and stuff. You probably is about to go to like that dinner. Life. Life. I know. Because we're so many. Jay is actually a real human. Like. Jay is on YouTube. And. And
Like. Jay is on YouTube. And. If Jay decides to stream all rate to you. You're actually. Jay is a family and stuff. You probably is about to go to like that dinner. Life. Life. I know. Because we're so many. Jay is actually a real human. Like. Jay is on YouTube. And. And And. And. Jay is actually a real human. Like. My family is my dog. Jay is adultier than. Jay is definitely adultier. I'm. Jay is most adult. You're. You're definitely a more adultier than me. I wouldn't say so. Are you going to keep trying to do this? Are we just going to have to. This week
And. And. Jay is actually a real human. Like. My family is my dog. Jay is adultier than. Jay is definitely adultier. I'm. Jay is most adult. You're. You're definitely a more adultier than me. I wouldn't say so. Are you going to keep trying to do this? Are we just going to have to. This week This week. We'll start it next week. I have no more brain power. Like it left. It's like no. Done. Because I think I have an idea of how to solve it. But I don't know for sure. Well. It's definitely not going to be done within the next three minutes. I have to go drop off my rental car
This week. We'll start it next week. I have no more brain power. Like it left. It's like no. Done. Because I think I have an idea of how to solve it. But I don't know for sure. Well. It's definitely not going to be done within the next three minutes. I have to go drop off my rental car Oh, it's so I do have to do that. Adult. Well, adulting. I haven't rented a car since I had a motorcycle. So I don't think. Well, adulting would be. Would be not renting or getting your grandmother's car. Because the sentimental value. And then. It dying on you. So you have to. I'm. I'm. I'm
Oh, it's so I do have to do that. Adult. Well, adulting. I haven't rented a car since I had a motorcycle. So I don't think. Well, adulting would be. Would be not renting or getting your grandmother's car. Because the sentimental value. And then. It dying on you. So you have to. I'm. I'm. I'm I'm. I'm. I'm. And then. It dying on you. So you have to get a rental car. And now I have to. Go get. A real car. Okay. But I'm going to get a rat for it, because they're cool. And that's what. Is it great. Okay. Yo. If. I mean, BMW, but not allowed. Because. Thank you
I'm. I'm. I'm. And then. It dying on you. So you have to get a rental car. And now I have to. Go get. A real car. Okay. But I'm going to get a rat for it, because they're cool. And that's what. Is it great. Okay. Yo. If. I mean, BMW, but not allowed. Because. Thank you Because. Thank you. My partner is a Toyota E person. But we are. Going to raid. And. If you don't follow yet, make sure you go follow us. We will go. Raid. You. Oh. Oh, this is a hard one. Like. See him. We'll go to see him. We'll go to see him. Gryffin. See him. Is. A real car. Raid. Two. Oh
Because. Thank you. My partner is a Toyota E person. But we are. Going to raid. And. If you don't follow yet, make sure you go follow us. We will go. Raid. You. Oh. Oh, this is a hard one. Like. See him. We'll go to see him. We'll go to see him. Gryffin. See him. Is. A real car. Raid. Two. Oh Raid. Two. Oh. Oh, this is a hard one. Like. See him. Gryffin. We'll go to see him. Gryffin. Cause see him. Gryffin. Is a really dope human. And eventually we'll be answering to. But start. Raid. And start. Raid. It is slowly going over there. And they can follow, sleep out. We'll see you. Next
Raid. Two. Oh. Oh, this is a hard one. Like. See him. Gryffin. We'll go to see him. Gryffin. Cause see him. Gryffin. Is a really dope human. And eventually we'll be answering to. But start. Raid. And start. Raid. It is slowly going over there. And they can follow, sleep out. We'll see you. Next Next. Baike is a love. navgy Flynn, B-Boy Biogha Yes, before I start Take your hat, thank you, all for your help. and we end the stream. Goodbye.
Next. Baike is a love. navgy Flynn, B-Boy Biogha Yes, before I start Take your hat, thank you, all for your help. and we end the stream. Goodbye.