There's no reason why you shouldn't. There's a lot of reasons why people shouldn't do things, but hello, beautiful humans were alive. We didn't have a dance today. We didn't have a dance today. Dance. Shake the groove thing At some point, I'm going to do a compilation of all of our very random dance moves. And you have been warned. I'm just not dancing. I like all our dance moves. And yes, hello everyone. We are going to get to the live streaming and Kaggle stuff
At some point, I'm going to do a compilation of all of our very random dance moves. And you have been warned. I'm just not dancing. I like all our dance moves. And yes, hello everyone. We are going to get to the live streaming and Kaggle stuff I'm making sure everything's working on all the platforms and things. We are. I think that was my focus. Yeah, we got distracted because talking about video games. It was fun. You should do it. What? Video games are all of you playing. I am curious
I'm making sure everything's working on all the platforms and things. We are. I think that was my focus. Yeah, we got distracted because talking about video games. It was fun. You should do it. What? Video games are all of you playing. I am curious I am curious. I will share my screen because I'm okay just like googling all these. I don't even know what that Google is or that that is very okay. Apparently Google is giving me lots of random things that have googled, but they're not words. That's that's fine. Let's share my screen
I am curious. I will share my screen because I'm okay just like googling all these. I don't even know what that Google is or that that is very okay. Apparently Google is giving me lots of random things that have googled, but they're not words. That's that's fine. Let's share my screen You just leave Google? Probably. I can't say that I don't. But what are you saying for Dragon Age Vail Guard? Like what are we? What are we not doing? We're supposed to be doing. Don't preorder it. Why? Why not? I mean, it might be different now, but the preorder
You just leave Google? Probably. I can't say that I don't. But what are you saying for Dragon Age Vail Guard? Like what are we? What are we not doing? We're supposed to be doing. Don't preorder it. Why? Why not? I mean, it might be different now, but the preorder They had made the preorder in a way that you did not get the base game with it. I think for her PC. I think Playstation is different. Oh, I'd be getting it on Xbox. And let's see. Oh, enter your date of birth. You guys can see my birthday. I'm okay
They had made the preorder in a way that you did not get the base game with it. I think for her PC. I think Playstation is different. Oh, I'd be getting it on Xbox. And let's see. Oh, enter your date of birth. You guys can see my birthday. I'm okay I'm okay. And I think everyone says no preorders anymore now. That's the thing. I'm sorry. All right. Well, I've gotten, I don't know if Chris is going to join the stream today, but I've gotten in like longer conversations with Chris and Sarah about like finding games I like
I'm okay. And I think everyone says no preorders anymore now. That's the thing. I'm sorry. All right. Well, I've gotten, I don't know if Chris is going to join the stream today, but I've gotten in like longer conversations with Chris and Sarah about like finding games I like Because I have a hard time to find games I like. Choose edition. So you have Vail Guard. The Vail Guard. What's this one? It's not available separately. This one. I think saying Kingdom Hearts. Or or Oh, it adds in the bundle. It comes with the game
Because I have a hard time to find games I like. Choose edition. So you have Vail Guard. The Vail Guard. What's this one? It's not available separately. This one. I think saying Kingdom Hearts. Or or Oh, it adds in the bundle. It comes with the game I think that might be because they were complaining about it. But who knows? Like I'm glad. Let's meet X-Files. Or could be X-Files. But then there is King of Hearts. I've never played King of Hearts. Kingdom Hearts. Kingdom Hearts. Kingdom Hearts. That would make more sense
I think that might be because they were complaining about it. But who knows? Like I'm glad. Let's meet X-Files. Or could be X-Files. But then there is King of Hearts. I've never played King of Hearts. Kingdom Hearts. Kingdom Hearts. Kingdom Hearts. That would make more sense I haven't played either. Yo! King Dog Hearts. King Dog. I would play it. King Dog Hearts. The new, I do believe the newest one comes out this year. We can hear D in the background to make sure that we know we know all the things. I like it
I haven't played either. Yo! King Dog Hearts. King Dog. I would play it. King Dog Hearts. The new, I do believe the newest one comes out this year. We can hear D in the background to make sure that we know we know all the things. I like it I like it. D is complaining about because the new King of Hearts 4 comes out this year. And D is saying if you beat all one through three, you're lucky because the people who already beat three have had to wait 15 years for this fourth one to come out
I like it. D is complaining about because the new King of Hearts 4 comes out this year. And D is saying if you beat all one through three, you're lucky because the people who already beat three have had to wait 15 years for this fourth one to come out Can we just like, can we take a moment? Like, yeah, yeah, I will check this out because like that, it sounds, it looks like it'll be fun. Laura, first off, hi. Second, Laura, I migrated from Automate the Boring stuff and now we're learning the shit on Kaggle
Can we just like, can we take a moment? Like, yeah, yeah, I will check this out because like that, it sounds, it looks like it'll be fun. Laura, first off, hi. Second, Laura, I migrated from Automate the Boring stuff and now we're learning the shit on Kaggle Laura is an OG on, we used to learn Python using on made the Boring stuff when I was just learning to code many, many moons ago. Like two years ago. Yes. So, yeah, I like it. We were going to be the, uh, makeup and markdown. Makeup and markdown
Laura is an OG on, we used to learn Python using on made the Boring stuff when I was just learning to code many, many moons ago. Like two years ago. Yes. So, yeah, I like it. We were going to be the, uh, makeup and markdown. Makeup and markdown That's because it would be fun to do like make it like, talk about markdown files and then like, do makeup stuff. But hey, um, but Laura, we are currently learning on Kaggle. Also, I'm gonna give my headphones what are they really weird? What? I didn't have you on my headphones
That's because it would be fun to do like make it like, talk about markdown files and then like, do makeup stuff. But hey, um, but Laura, we are currently learning on Kaggle. Also, I'm gonna give my headphones what are they really weird? What? I didn't have you on my headphones I had your own speakers. So, Oh, yeah, that. But whenever I'm playing my game on the Xbox, I'll mute the TV, like I'll turn the volume all the way down and play on my headphones because it Tyler's desk is in the living room area. But sometimes I don't realize it
I had your own speakers. So, Oh, yeah, that. But whenever I'm playing my game on the Xbox, I'll mute the TV, like I'll turn the volume all the way down and play on my headphones because it Tyler's desk is in the living room area. But sometimes I don't realize it So like, it'll be like half an hour. And I take off my headphones and I can still hear it. I'm like, oh shit, sorry. I left the TV on my bed. But yeah. Ugh. I'm slowly kind of like avoiding this, but we're 63 percent complete. But we have to go back to the last question
So like, it'll be like half an hour. And I take off my headphones and I can still hear it. I'm like, oh shit, sorry. I left the TV on my bed. But yeah. Ugh. I'm slowly kind of like avoiding this, but we're 63 percent complete. But we have to go back to the last question Yeah, the last question was the thing we were stuck on. I won't say stuck, but we were doing the last question. I feel like it's by the time we get just very, I get very brain dead. I don't want to say, um, yes, me Damien. Damien and I have been friends forever. Ah
Yeah, the last question was the thing we were stuck on. I won't say stuck, but we were doing the last question. I feel like it's by the time we get just very, I get very brain dead. I don't want to say, um, yes, me Damien. Damien and I have been friends forever. Ah Ah. Very long time, at least a decade. Very long. Yeah. And we got to talking and I was like, hey, you should have come learn all this stuff with me. And yeah, now we've been just learning Python. And then Jay. Laura, you know Jay Miller. Jay, I believe KJ Miller. Hey, J. Miller. KJ Miller
Ah. Very long time, at least a decade. Very long. Yeah. And we got to talking and I was like, hey, you should have come learn all this stuff with me. And yeah, now we've been just learning Python. And then Jay. Laura, you know Jay Miller. Jay, I believe KJ Miller. Hey, J. Miller. KJ Miller Miller. KJ Miller. Oh, I can't, this isn't the official. Okay, I'm going to get so distracted. You're going to show what I'm saying. Okay, I'm going to let you distract it. I'm going to go put some things up in the fridge. Okay
Miller. KJ Miller. Oh, I can't, this isn't the official. Okay, I'm going to get so distracted. You're going to show what I'm saying. Okay, I'm going to let you distract it. I'm going to go put some things up in the fridge. Okay Okay. I am excited that Damien told me me what I was going to go get distracted by. But it's not on like, I haven't updated the domain name yet. So it was taking me a minute. But not plus. What is the plus front? We, this is not Python related whatsoever. But we are getting there
Okay. I am excited that Damien told me me what I was going to go get distracted by. But it's not on like, I haven't updated the domain name yet. So it was taking me a minute. But not plus. What is the plus front? We, this is not Python related whatsoever. But we are getting there We are getting stuff done. And yes, but I made a connect page. And it has Jay on there. And that's what I was going to share with everybody. Because like, we do this. So if anybody wants to know what we're working on today, it's not a wall of text. It is that. Yeah
We are getting stuff done. And yes, but I made a connect page. And it has Jay on there. And that's what I was going to share with everybody. Because like, we do this. So if anybody wants to know what we're working on today, it's not a wall of text. It is that. Yeah It is that. Yeah. So Jay likes to randomly join our streams. And then we both like, Damien and I both like just to actually work. Because Jay and I worked together now. So Jay and I just work with like, random terraform stuff offline. And then Damien live streams with Jay as well
It is that. Yeah. So Jay likes to randomly join our streams. And then we both like, Damien and I both like just to actually work. Because Jay and I worked together now. So Jay and I just work with like, random terraform stuff offline. And then Damien live streams with Jay as well I see you got the buttons corrected. I did. It was. Because it was a nice thing. Yeah, but it was like brutal button. Like brutal dash BTN. And I was just trying to button. So it took me a minute. But yeah. We've got, we've got it mostly. I got to fix the color thing in the jigs
I see you got the buttons corrected. I did. It was. Because it was a nice thing. Yeah, but it was like brutal button. Like brutal dash BTN. And I was just trying to button. So it took me a minute. But yeah. We've got, we've got it mostly. I got to fix the color thing in the jigs Was it still random? Yes. Yes, it drives me bananas. But it is, it is, it's going to work. I'm very excited. I guess I should put an about page so people know who, what teaching deck is. But that's okay. Anyway, we did the cagle. We're learning lists and
Was it still random? Yes. Yes, it drives me bananas. But it is, it is, it's going to work. I'm very excited. I guess I should put an about page so people know who, what teaching deck is. But that's okay. Anyway, we did the cagle. We're learning lists and We're on question number five spicy question. Spicy question and you can't get the certification if you don't do the spicy question. Wait, seriously? From what I've seen is you need to. Like click. So see how this one's not checked off. It's 80%
We're on question number five spicy question. Spicy question and you can't get the certification if you don't do the spicy question. Wait, seriously? From what I've seen is you need to. Like click. So see how this one's not checked off. It's 80% It's 80%. I'm at least assuming and assuming is not, you know, shouldn't make an ass out of you and me like seriously. But I'm assuming that if you don't do the exercise that you don't get the certification. Okay. That's my guess
It's 80%. I'm at least assuming and assuming is not, you know, shouldn't make an ass out of you and me like seriously. But I'm assuming that if you don't do the exercise that you don't get the certification. Okay. That's my guess That's my guess. And but I mean, if we did do that, if we go, let me make sure I did the top one set up complete. It does, you can look at the solution. So you can always just like copy and paste solution in there. But I'm going to try not to do that. I don't know. Don't do it
That's my guess. And but I mean, if we did do that, if we go, let me make sure I did the top one set up complete. It does, you can look at the solution. So you can always just like copy and paste solution in there. But I'm going to try not to do that. I don't know. Don't do it Don't do it. It's really difficult to do it. Not do that. But Laura, what are you up to now? Are you still doing tech writing? Are you doing Python E things? Are you doing math teaching? Laura was a math professor, not even just like normal math teacher, like a professor professor. And. Pretty far
Don't do it. It's really difficult to do it. Not do that. But Laura, what are you up to now? Are you still doing tech writing? Are you doing Python E things? Are you doing math teaching? Laura was a math professor, not even just like normal math teacher, like a professor professor. And. Pretty far And. Pretty far. Yeah. Yeah. Working with Laura, A, I learned better how to learn and to study. And also that like a gazillion people struggle with algebra. Like it wasn't just a me thing. Yeah. That's cool. I mean, I hear it's either English or algebra. I shouldn't say I hear
And. Pretty far. Yeah. Yeah. Working with Laura, A, I learned better how to learn and to study. And also that like a gazillion people struggle with algebra. Like it wasn't just a me thing. Yeah. That's cool. I mean, I hear it's either English or algebra. I shouldn't say I hear I struggled with English. I was decent with algebra. But I know a lot of people who struggled with algebra who were great at English. The class. Not the language. I'm pretty sure I struggled with both because grammarly likes to tell me I do. That's just being a dumb
I struggled with English. I was decent with algebra. But I know a lot of people who struggled with algebra who were great at English. The class. Not the language. I'm pretty sure I struggled with both because grammarly likes to tell me I do. That's just being a dumb Like I, I feel like I struggle with English more than all of my friends that speak multiple languages and English as their second language. Same. Same. And I'm just like, look, I'm trying. Like they're like, hey, does this make sense or is this how you say it? I'm like, sure. Yeah
Like I, I feel like I struggle with English more than all of my friends that speak multiple languages and English as their second language. Same. Same. And I'm just like, look, I'm trying. Like they're like, hey, does this make sense or is this how you say it? I'm like, sure. Yeah Yeah. I think that's right. I don't know if it's official. But. Oh, what am I doing? Okay. Spicy question. Spicy question number five. Is that right? We're using lists to record people who attended our party. And what order they arrived in
Yeah. I think that's right. I don't know if it's official. But. Oh, what am I doing? Okay. Spicy question. Spicy question number five. Is that right? We're using lists to record people who attended our party. And what order they arrived in For example, the following list represents a party with seven guests in which Adele showed up first and Ford was the last to arrive. Party attendees equals Adele. Letta. Owen may Mona Gilbert and Ford. A guest is considered fashionally late if they arrive after at least half of the parties guests
For example, the following list represents a party with seven guests in which Adele showed up first and Ford was the last to arrive. Party attendees equals Adele. Letta. Owen may Mona Gilbert and Ford. A guest is considered fashionally late if they arrive after at least half of the parties guests However, they must not be very last guest that's taking too far in the example above. Mona and Gilbert were the only guests that were fashionally late. Complete the function below which takes a list of party attendees as well as a person
However, they must not be very last guest that's taking too far in the example above. Mona and Gilbert were the only guests that were fashionally late. Complete the function below which takes a list of party attendees as well as a person A list of the party attendees as well as a person and tells us whether that person is fashionally late. What is a sentence like? Like the question below which takes a list of party attendees as well as a person. It's because there's a common mistake
A list of the party attendees as well as a person and tells us whether that person is fashionally late. What is a sentence like? Like the question below which takes a list of party attendees as well as a person. It's because there's a common mistake And it tells us whether that person is fashionally late. There should be a comma after attendees. That's why that's why it's reading. But how do we know what is the other person? And I don't know if this is reset or not. Just to. I think it's something that's what we did. We made that. Yeah
And it tells us whether that person is fashionally late. There should be a comma after attendees. That's why that's why it's reading. But how do we know what is the other person? And I don't know if this is reset or not. Just to. I think it's something that's what we did. We made that. Yeah We made that. Yeah. Laura says. Funny full circle thing actually. Laura is one of the organizers for Pi Bay this year and automate the boring stuff author is speaking. So you'll be meeting him in a couple weeks. That's pretty good. Yay. Go Laura. Oh, I see why now. Arrivals equal
We made that. Yeah. Laura says. Funny full circle thing actually. Laura is one of the organizers for Pi Bay this year and automate the boring stuff author is speaking. So you'll be meeting him in a couple weeks. That's pretty good. Yay. Go Laura. Oh, I see why now. Arrivals equal Arrivals equal. I deleted what I previously had there. But it says got to return value of none given arrivals equals Adele. Name Adele but expected a type of pool. I don't know what I was previously doing. But the hint is use the index method to find when the person arrived
Arrivals equal. I deleted what I previously had there. But it says got to return value of none given arrivals equals Adele. Name Adele but expected a type of pool. I don't know what I was previously doing. But the hint is use the index method to find when the person arrived Checked check whether that is fashionally late spot given by the list length. When think about zero indexing. I'm not going to lie. I kind of just want to put in the solution for this because I'm like I'm. You can't be brained at already. Come on
Checked check whether that is fashionally late spot given by the list length. When think about zero indexing. I'm not going to lie. I kind of just want to put in the solution for this because I'm like I'm. You can't be brained at already. Come on Come on. No, I want to move on to the next stuff because you know how sometimes that when you go forward and continue on it helps make other things click. You know, instead of just like being so stuck on this one. So I won't solve it. I'll leave it on now. And go back to it
Come on. No, I want to move on to the next stuff because you know how sometimes that when you go forward and continue on it helps make other things click. You know, instead of just like being so stuck on this one. So I won't solve it. I'll leave it on now. And go back to it And go back to it. That I want to just put in the solution but I'm not going to. But does this work for you Damian? This is your thing too. Go ahead. I can still work on it in the background because my screen's not being shared. Okay, that's great. Will
And go back to it. That I want to just put in the solution but I'm not going to. But does this work for you Damian? This is your thing too. Go ahead. I can still work on it in the background because my screen's not being shared. Okay, that's great. Will Will. Laura said still on the job market still looking at mainly Devarale stuff, especially around content documentation, been helping distribute aid and with Carmen and come feet. Yay. I don't know Carmen. I don't think I've talked to. I don't know
Will. Laura said still on the job market still looking at mainly Devarale stuff, especially around content documentation, been helping distribute aid and with Carmen and come feet. Yay. I don't know Carmen. I don't think I've talked to. I don't know I don't know. No, this is Carmen Olesoi Milk is her Twitter name which. That's how I always describe Carmen when people are like Carmen who I'm like Olesoi Milk and they're like, oh, okay, cool. I know who that is. Okay, loops and comprehensions. I'm going to say you get to go first
I don't know. No, this is Carmen Olesoi Milk is her Twitter name which. That's how I always describe Carmen when people are like Carmen who I'm like Olesoi Milk and they're like, oh, okay, cool. I know who that is. Okay, loops and comprehensions. I'm going to say you get to go first What? What else that's supposed to mean? I read the question we didn't do because I can't really tell. Yeah, that's why you get to go first. Oh, mom, let me. I want to open a new tab since I was still trying to work on it. Yeah, so for other or so
What? What else that's supposed to mean? I read the question we didn't do because I can't really tell. Yeah, that's why you get to go first. Oh, mom, let me. I want to open a new tab since I was still trying to work on it. Yeah, so for other or so I am, but I will say as a side note while you're doing that, thank you everyone for all of the follows and subs because I will say it since we started life's remain like two months ago, we've gone up 30 followers, which is huge because I didn't get that far in like two years
I am, but I will say as a side note while you're doing that, thank you everyone for all of the follows and subs because I will say it since we started life's remain like two months ago, we've gone up 30 followers, which is huge because I didn't get that far in like two years I grew very, very slowly and then we're exponentially faster, but the Amazon Prime Subs is a really easy way for people to stop. And I was like, yeah, let's do it. Up next, after this is to figure out content of the TikTok, the TikTok. Gang gang. They're obvious. Okay, loops. Loops. Loops
I grew very, very slowly and then we're exponentially faster, but the Amazon Prime Subs is a really easy way for people to stop. And I was like, yeah, let's do it. Up next, after this is to figure out content of the TikTok, the TikTok. Gang gang. They're obvious. Okay, loops. Loops. Loops Loops. Loops. Our way to repeat or repeatedly executes them code. Here's an example. Planets equal. List, Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Neurus, Neptune. For the planet and planets, print planet and equals like print all on the same line. And then I guess it just prints all of it
Loops. Loops. Our way to repeat or repeatedly executes them code. Here's an example. Planets equal. List, Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Neurus, Neptune. For the planet and planets, print planet and equals like print all on the same line. And then I guess it just prints all of it That's cool. The four loops specify the variable name to use in this case planet. The set of values to loop over in this case planets. Okay. You use the word in to link them together. The object to the right, the in can be any object that supports iteration
That's cool. The four loops specify the variable name to use in this case planet. The set of values to loop over in this case planets. Okay. You use the word in to link them together. The object to the right, the in can be any object that supports iteration Basically, if it can be thought of as a group of things, you can probably loop over it. In addition to the list, we can iterate over the elements of a tuple. Multiplicate. Oh, it's multiply with an i. That's weird. Multiply C and S. I think is what they're trying to say. 222, 335
Basically, if it can be thought of as a group of things, you can probably loop over it. In addition to the list, we can iterate over the elements of a tuple. Multiplicate. Oh, it's multiply with an i. That's weird. Multiply C and S. I think is what they're trying to say. 222, 335 222, 335. Product equal one. We're multi and multiply CNS product equal product multiply. They're multi product. I think I understand what they're saying, but I don't. So, multi I'm assuming is one of these little people and multiplications
222, 335. Product equal one. We're multi and multiply CNS product equal product multiply. They're multi product. I think I understand what they're saying, but I don't. So, multi I'm assuming is one of these little people and multiplications Product is going to equal the product of whatever molt times molt of another molt. I don't understand it. You can even loop through each character in a string. S equals what the? Thread good grats of strenography
Product is going to equal the product of whatever molt times molt of another molt. I don't understand it. You can even loop through each character in a string. S equals what the? Thread good grats of strenography Strenography is the practice of concealing a file message image or video within a not her file. Another another wow wow English. It's my first language. Another file message image or video. MSG, the greatest of all things to put in food. Print all uppercase letters in S1 at a time
Strenography is the practice of concealing a file message image or video within a not her file. Another another wow wow English. It's my first language. Another file message image or video. MSG, the greatest of all things to put in food. Print all uppercase letters in S1 at a time For character in S, if care i is upper, print care in hello. I actually haven't had to do this before. I'm not going to lie. I'm glad you read that one out loud because I was going to say, char i super. Oh, character is upper. I think it's only because I've used this before
For character in S, if care i is upper, print care in hello. I actually haven't had to do this before. I'm not going to lie. I'm glad you read that one out loud because I was going to say, char i super. Oh, character is upper. I think it's only because I've used this before Because I definitely was like, oh, i suffer. That's fine. Char i suffer. Char i suffer. Char i suffer. Sometimes sometimes you mess up dinner. So you charge up or I'm going to let you have range. Top core gen. Hopefully you're not going to have any char i suffer
Because I definitely was like, oh, i suffer. That's fine. Char i suffer. Char i suffer. Char i suffer. Sometimes sometimes you mess up dinner. So you charge up or I'm going to let you have range. Top core gen. Hopefully you're not going to have any char i suffer Your depth is going to have char i suffer. Okay. Totally fair. Range. Range is a function that returns a sequence of numbers. It turns out to be very useful when writing loops. For example, if we want to repeat some actions five times for i in range. Five print. Doing work. Doing important work
Your depth is going to have char i suffer. Okay. Totally fair. Range. Range is a function that returns a sequence of numbers. It turns out to be very useful when writing loops. For example, if we want to repeat some actions five times for i in range. Five print. Doing work. Doing important work I equal comma. Doing important work. And then that prints doing important work. I equals. One through. Four or zero through four because zero is the first one that it does. And that part makes sense. Basically. For me. The character in a string and the range makes sense, but the. Multiple cans
I equal comma. Doing important work. And then that prints doing important work. I equals. One through. Four or zero through four because zero is the first one that it does. And that part makes sense. Basically. For me. The character in a string and the range makes sense, but the. Multiple cans Multiple cans. Didn't quite make sense. Is this supposed to be for like multiple candies. And for the one you were talking about. Multiple cans. Yeah, because it looks like cans. A little bit. A little bit. A little bit. Yeah. I guess. Yeah, I'm struggling. It's cool. It's cool. Okay
Multiple cans. Didn't quite make sense. Is this supposed to be for like multiple candies. And for the one you were talking about. Multiple cans. Yeah, because it looks like cans. A little bit. A little bit. A little bit. Yeah. I guess. Yeah, I'm struggling. It's cool. It's cool. Okay It's cool. Okay. I will go back to. While loops. While. While loops. And the other type of loop in python is a while loop, which iterates until some condition is met. I equals zero. While. I is less than 10 print. I comma and equals. Blank. I plus equal one. Increase the number of
It's cool. Okay. I will go back to. While loops. While. While loops. And the other type of loop in python is a while loop, which iterates until some condition is met. I equals zero. While. I is less than 10 print. I comma and equals. Blank. I plus equal one. Increase the number of The value of one. I by one. The argument of while loop is evaluated as a Boolean statement. And the loop is executed until the statement. evaluates to false. Yeah. Okay. Oh. And Laura just said, just like an ad end is a thing being added and multiple. Multiplacand is a thing to be multiplied
The value of one. I by one. The argument of while loop is evaluated as a Boolean statement. And the loop is executed until the statement. evaluates to false. Yeah. Okay. Oh. And Laura just said, just like an ad end is a thing being added and multiple. Multiplacand is a thing to be multiplied I remember the ad end from when you and I were working on stuff Laura, but I don't remember the multiple can't multiple multiply. Whatever. Cool. I've having gotten better at reading things, but. Uh, out loud. Out loud. Well, I don't know if I've gotten better reading things even
I remember the ad end from when you and I were working on stuff Laura, but I don't remember the multiple can't multiple multiply. Whatever. Cool. I've having gotten better at reading things, but. Uh, out loud. Out loud. Well, I don't know if I've gotten better reading things even Not out loud because when it's when it's not out loud, I mumbled the words just as much. If not more, I skip more words. Yeah, I can skip lines. It's not fun. Okay. List comprehension. List comprehension are one of Python's most beloved and unique features
Not out loud because when it's when it's not out loud, I mumbled the words just as much. If not more, I skip more words. Yeah, I can skip lines. It's not fun. Okay. List comprehension. List comprehension are one of Python's most beloved and unique features The easiest way to understand them is probably to just look at a few examples. Squares equals. And star star. Huh? Exponential. And exponential two for N in range 10 squares. Well, if I want to make sure it's exponential and I'm not just talking about it. Curiosity is most beloved and unique
The easiest way to understand them is probably to just look at a few examples. Squares equals. And star star. Huh? Exponential. And exponential two for N in range 10 squares. Well, if I want to make sure it's exponential and I'm not just talking about it. Curiosity is most beloved and unique Features like supposed to be sarcasm like who uses ranges like this like on a on a regular coding basis. Double star operator. Yeah, it's exponential operator. Thank God. Oh, who uses it? I don't know. Maybe mathematicians. Laura uses it. That's what I'm going with. Laura uses it. That is it
Features like supposed to be sarcasm like who uses ranges like this like on a on a regular coding basis. Double star operator. Yeah, it's exponential operator. Thank God. Oh, who uses it? I don't know. Maybe mathematicians. Laura uses it. That's what I'm going with. Laura uses it. That is it That is it. Math teachers. Math professors. But like, who would use it in just either day to day work? Here's the thing is I feel like as long as there are people who don't know how to code like myself. And people and those people want things done
That is it. Math teachers. Math professors. But like, who would use it in just either day to day work? Here's the thing is I feel like as long as there are people who don't know how to code like myself. And people and those people want things done There's a chance that you're going to have to use something. Range of super use for data stuff. So a lot of. I. Yeah, like range makes sense to me. Like range cool. But list comprehension. Why? Like, why are we doing N to what did you say it was? Ex- exponential
There's a chance that you're going to have to use something. Range of super use for data stuff. So a lot of. I. Yeah, like range makes sense to me. Like range cool. But list comprehension. Why? Like, why are we doing N to what did you say it was? Ex- exponential And exponential for N in the range 10. Like, why would somebody need to do this portion? But here's the same thing we would do. Here's how we would do the same thing without a list comprehension. Squares equals square brackets for N in range 10 squares times append. Uh, parentheses. Oh, yeah
And exponential for N in the range 10. Like, why would somebody need to do this portion? But here's the same thing we would do. Here's how we would do the same thing without a list comprehension. Squares equals square brackets for N in range 10 squares times append. Uh, parentheses. Oh, yeah Oh, yeah. It's going to. Squares. I'm still not seeing why somebody would do it. Well, no, because look at the top, look at the bottom, look at the difference between the two. I get that. I get why they would write it like that. I'm not, I'm still not on how
Oh, yeah. It's going to. Squares. I'm still not seeing why somebody would do it. Well, no, because look at the top, look at the bottom, look at the difference between the two. I get that. I get why they would write it like that. I'm not, I'm still not on how Why someone would use this? Well, you're using range in the sentence itself. And for list comprehension, you're just making it easier to understand. It looks like. I guess I'm stuck on the exponential. That might be where I'm at. I would use exponential didn't just think about it like multiply
Why someone would use this? Well, you're using range in the sentence itself. And for list comprehension, you're just making it easier to understand. It looks like. I guess I'm stuck on the exponential. That might be where I'm at. I would use exponential didn't just think about it like multiply Okay. I don't know why you're so upset with exponential. What did exponential do to you? Because why do I need to know that squares go up the exponential of two? This literally what squaring is. Right, but what would I. What would I need to use it for? Just in case you have to square a number
Okay. I don't know why you're so upset with exponential. What did exponential do to you? Because why do I need to know that squares go up the exponential of two? This literally what squaring is. Right, but what would I. What would I need to use it for? Just in case you have to square a number I feel like this is where I think maybe it's just confusing because it's like there. It's not stuff that's. It's not layman-esque. It's just like because this is just math. It's just like, hey, we're we're doing exponential because it's a squaring
I feel like this is where I think maybe it's just confusing because it's like there. It's not stuff that's. It's not layman-esque. It's just like because this is just math. It's just like, hey, we're we're doing exponential because it's a squaring We're squaring or we have the name squares because we're squaring something like. And all of that makes sense is just more of like what's a practical use case for this? That's probably why Jay's gonna type something in the chat soon letting us know how dumb this is. Probably we'll hear that
We're squaring or we have the name squares because we're squaring something like. And all of that makes sense is just more of like what's a practical use case for this? That's probably why Jay's gonna type something in the chat soon letting us know how dumb this is. Probably we'll hear that I think that's where I struggle on some of these things. And I'm pretty sure that I struggled with same thing when Laura and I were going through these was like how would this get used in the real world in a practical use case? But like the code itself makes sense. Well, we can have that
I think that's where I struggle on some of these things. And I'm pretty sure that I struggled with same thing when Laura and I were going through these was like how would this get used in the real world in a practical use case? But like the code itself makes sense. Well, we can have that We can have that. We can have that. We can have that. And see, practice applications for list comprehension. If you really are wondering. I'll go back to it. I'll look it up. Okay. Um, you can also add an if condition
We can have that. We can have that. We can have that. And see, practice applications for list comprehension. If you really are wondering. I'll go back to it. I'll look it up. Okay. Um, you can also add an if condition Short planets equal planet for planet in planets if length planet is less than six. Short planets. Venus, earth, Mars. And I'm going with practical because I'm like. Why would like to do the word being important? I mean, it could be for a lot of reasons like there might be. I don't know. Yeah
Short planets equal planet for planet in planets if length planet is less than six. Short planets. Venus, earth, Mars. And I'm going with practical because I'm like. Why would like to do the word being important? I mean, it could be for a lot of reasons like there might be. I don't know. Yeah I don't know. Yeah. I mean, I can make up a reason why the length of the word to be important. But like I don't know what they're trying to go for in this. So. I know. And I think that's just me like. Need to get to know what I'm doing. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it
I don't know. Yeah. I mean, I can make up a reason why the length of the word to be important. But like I don't know what they're trying to go for in this. So. I know. And I think that's just me like. Need to get to know what I'm doing. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it I'm going to do it. That's just me like need to get over and keep going because. Like the length of the word could be important specifically. Let's say there's a hangman game that you're playing. And you have more than more than a couple words. So you only want to pick from a certain
I'm going to do it. That's just me like need to get over and keep going because. Like the length of the word could be important specifically. Let's say there's a hangman game that you're playing. And you have more than more than a couple words. So you only want to pick from a certain That dictionary of a certain amount of words that they can use. Wordal. Wordal. Um, you just you gave yourself your own answer. Wordal. I feel like that is a practical use case. Okay. Thank you. I still am looking for a practical use case for this one. I will I will come back to it
That dictionary of a certain amount of words that they can use. Wordal. Wordal. Um, you just you gave yourself your own answer. Wordal. I feel like that is a practical use case. Okay. Thank you. I still am looking for a practical use case for this one. I will I will come back to it If you're familiar with familiar if you're familiar with SQL, you might think of this as being like a wear clause. Here's an example of filtering and if condition and applying some transformation to the loop variable. In the comments of or commented out is string upper
If you're familiar with familiar if you're familiar with SQL, you might think of this as being like a wear clause. Here's an example of filtering and if condition and applying some transformation to the loop variable. In the comments of or commented out is string upper Uh, brackets returns an all caps version of a string. So, loud, uh, loud short planets equals square bracket planets dot upper. Plus explanation point for the planet in planets. If the planet is greater than six loud short planets. Less than six loud short planets equals Venus. Earth Mars
Uh, brackets returns an all caps version of a string. So, loud, uh, loud short planets equals square bracket planets dot upper. Plus explanation point for the planet in planets. If the planet is greater than six loud short planets. Less than six loud short planets equals Venus. Earth Mars Earth Mars. Because they're short name and they're loud. Seems to scream them. And production. I would you basically never see for loops only less comprehension. Boom. Because it's easier to read and if you dare write loops. And that totally means that
Earth Mars. Because they're short name and they're loud. Seems to scream them. And production. I would you basically never see for loops only less comprehension. Boom. Because it's easier to read and if you dare write loops. And that totally means that I'm a river and then chloroform you and put you in a field and make all the questions. That totally makes sense. I think I okay. So I think I figured out the practical application on this. Okay. Okay. For any of these, this is set up. So when you chat GBT something really random
I'm a river and then chloroform you and put you in a field and make all the questions. That totally makes sense. I think I okay. So I think I figured out the practical application on this. Okay. Okay. For any of these, this is set up. So when you chat GBT something really random It knows how to answer it. That's. Because why else. I think every would these every capitalize an explanation who coded who codes professionally just rolled their eyes so hard in the back of their head they passed out. Well, it's like
It knows how to answer it. That's. Because why else. I think every would these every capitalize an explanation who coded who codes professionally just rolled their eyes so hard in the back of their head they passed out. Well, it's like Well, it's like. Okay, I will say that if I copy and paste something and it was all capital. I have pasted it into chat GBT and said, hey, put this into normal text. And it does. And that's the opposite of what this function does. And like you can do that without chat GBT them
Well, it's like. Okay, I will say that if I copy and paste something and it was all capital. I have pasted it into chat GBT and said, hey, put this into normal text. And it does. And that's the opposite of what this function does. And like you can do that without chat GBT them It's faster with, but like. Yeah, you can write a Python function that just does it for you. You're right. But. Chat GBT does it. So it's a tool that chat GBT uses. I don't know. I'm still looking. Still looking for practical applications
It's faster with, but like. Yeah, you can write a Python function that just does it for you. You're right. But. Chat GBT does it. So it's a tool that chat GBT uses. I don't know. I'm still looking. Still looking for practical applications If that's what makes you happy and that's what makes it practical for you, we're going to go with that. Okay. People usually write these on a single line, but you might find structure clear when it's led up to three lines. Planet, not upper plus exclamation point for a planet in planets
If that's what makes you happy and that's what makes it practical for you, we're going to go with that. Okay. People usually write these on a single line, but you might find structure clear when it's led up to three lines. Planet, not upper plus exclamation point for a planet in planets If length planet is less than six. And it is now shouting at us Venus Earth Mars. And yeah, if we want to be shouted at. Sure. But continue with this equal analogy. You could think of these as three lines as left from where
If length planet is less than six. And it is now shouting at us Venus Earth Mars. And yeah, if we want to be shouted at. Sure. But continue with this equal analogy. You could think of these as three lines as left from where The expression on the left doesn't technically have to involve the loop variable, though it is pretty unusual for it not to. What do you think the expression below will evaluate to you? It press output to chat button to check. Before you hit output, what do you think? The expression on the left
The expression on the left doesn't technically have to involve the loop variable, though it is pretty unusual for it not to. What do you think the expression below will evaluate to you? It press output to chat button to check. Before you hit output, what do you think? The expression on the left 32 minutes of planets. Okay. Isn't that the expression below? Yeah, what do you think? Oh. Yeah. So are we talking about the same expression? Yeah, I think so. Okay. It doesn't technically involve a loop variable, though it'd be pretty unusual for it not to
32 minutes of planets. Okay. Isn't that the expression below? Yeah, what do you think? Oh. Yeah. So are we talking about the same expression? Yeah, I think so. Okay. It doesn't technically involve a loop variable, though it'd be pretty unusual for it not to What do you think the expression below will see expression on the left? Because now we're talking about the expression below. Press it off it. Okay. 32 for planet and planets. I would say that I think it will write the planets 32 times. Okay. Or what do you think? Hmm
What do you think the expression below will see expression on the left? Because now we're talking about the expression below. Press it off it. Okay. 32 for planet and planets. I would say that I think it will write the planets 32 times. Okay. Or what do you think? Hmm I think it's going to rename the planets 32. Okay. Oh, Laura said 32 is the expression of the left of the four. Oh. Okay. Show hidden output. In renamed them all, 32, you are correct. Sorry. Don't correct. I don't deserve a cloud. You had it right. It doesn't. Yeah
I think it's going to rename the planets 32. Okay. Oh, Laura said 32 is the expression of the left of the four. Oh. Okay. Show hidden output. In renamed them all, 32, you are correct. Sorry. Don't correct. I don't deserve a cloud. You had it right. It doesn't. Yeah It doesn't. Yeah. List comprehension is combined with fractions like min max and some can lead to impressive one-mind solutions for problems that would otherwise require several lines of code. For example, the following two cells of code do the exact, do the same thing
It doesn't. Yeah. List comprehension is combined with fractions like min max and some can lead to impressive one-mind solutions for problems that would otherwise require several lines of code. For example, the following two cells of code do the exact, do the same thing Define count negative numbers. Return the number of negative numbers and the given list. Count negatives. Five naked one, negative two, zero, three. Two. And negative equals zero for num in num's. If num is greater than zero. And underscore negative equals n
Define count negative numbers. Return the number of negative numbers and the given list. Count negatives. Five naked one, negative two, zero, three. Two. And negative equals zero for num in num's. If num is greater than zero. And underscore negative equals n And underscore negative plus one return and negative. Here's a solution using list comprehension. Define length, define count negative, num's return length. NUM for num in num's if num is less than zero. Much better, right? Much shorter. I think this is where I'm still really struggling
And underscore negative plus one return and negative. Here's a solution using list comprehension. Define length, define count negative, num's return length. NUM for num in num's if num is less than zero. Much better, right? Much shorter. I think this is where I'm still really struggling Is we're starting to talk about these things and maybe it is because we're doing them so far apart. Like once a week instead of every single day. But it's like, it's not re-referring back to something of like re-explaining a certain part that it's talking about. So
Is we're starting to talk about these things and maybe it is because we're doing them so far apart. Like once a week instead of every single day. But it's like, it's not re-referring back to something of like re-explaining a certain part that it's talking about. So So. Yeah, I think it's just not doing that. Just doing that. Yeah. Each thing, it's not like, hey, we're going to take what you learned last week and add it to this. Yeah, because 32 is the expression on the left of the four, like what Laura said for this one
So. Yeah, I think it's just not doing that. Just doing that. Yeah. Each thing, it's not like, hey, we're going to take what you learned last week and add it to this. Yeah, because 32 is the expression on the left of the four, like what Laura said for this one It's like, okay, now I have to think back on like, what is an expression? Why is it separated? Those type of things. And I think it's the same thing here because I'm like, okay, so I get get that this is a function. And we've got a negative negative equals zero
It's like, okay, now I have to think back on like, what is an expression? Why is it separated? Those type of things. And I think it's the same thing here because I'm like, okay, so I get get that this is a function. And we've got a negative negative equals zero And then num in num is, like, I don't know, it's not concrete for me. And I don't get why somebody would write it the other way then. Wait, the first one and the second one
And then num in num is, like, I don't know, it's not concrete for me. And I don't get why somebody would write it the other way then. Wait, the first one and the second one Why would they write it the first way? If they could write it the second way, or is it because so much of this course has been very like just try to put everything in one line no matter what. They have definitely one to do that
Why would they write it the first way? If they could write it the second way, or is it because so much of this course has been very like just try to put everything in one line no matter what. They have definitely one to do that But I think it's more like what Laura said about production level code. The fact that you don't use for loops, they're just trying to prep you for never use for loops again. Maybe. I don't really know. That makes sense. Yeah. That didn't sound good, but all
But I think it's more like what Laura said about production level code. The fact that you don't use for loops, they're just trying to prep you for never use for loops again. Maybe. I don't really know. That makes sense. Yeah. That didn't sound good, but all I think I'm also getting mixed up because we talked about loops last or list last week. And then we went to loops and I'm getting confused because we didn't talk about loops or lists today with list comprehensions. We talked about loops
I think I'm also getting mixed up because we talked about loops last or list last week. And then we went to loops and I'm getting confused because we didn't talk about loops or lists today with list comprehensions. We talked about loops And at least from what I'm seeing are there's no looping in this because it gave an example. Like, I think. I think the looping is the Lynn parentheses. I think that's the loop. When you do the end. I'm asking for the length
And at least from what I'm seeing are there's no looping in this because it gave an example. Like, I think. I think the looping is the Lynn parentheses. I think that's the loop. When you do the end. I'm asking for the length No, when you ask for the length and you have an end there, that makes a loop. The end negative. Just end. Just I end. The end makes a loop got it. Yeah. For blank in makes it loop up. A while. It links them together. So I mean, you can leave it up there. That's fine. If you would like to read it
No, when you ask for the length and you have an end there, that makes a loop. The end negative. Just end. Just I end. The end makes a loop got it. Yeah. For blank in makes it loop up. A while. It links them together. So I mean, you can leave it up there. That's fine. If you would like to read it Sure. For loops are for loops are usually easier for people to learn than list comprehension, but list comprehension is easier to read. So usually folks learn loops first. Then level up to list comprehension. Marxists alone. Anytime you have four, you're doing a loop. A loop, do you move? Um. Yeah
Sure. For loops are for loops are usually easier for people to learn than list comprehension, but list comprehension is easier to read. So usually folks learn loops first. Then level up to list comprehension. Marxists alone. Anytime you have four, you're doing a loop. A loop, do you move? Um. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm struggling, but okay. It's okay. Zen of Python, readability. What are you doing to that dog? Readability helps. What's it is better than implicit? This is why the dog has the foot fetish. Yeah. Um. It's kind of helpful. Okay. Go. You have a room. There will be a Boky camp
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm struggling, but okay. It's okay. Zen of Python, readability. What are you doing to that dog? Readability helps. What's it is better than implicit? This is why the dog has the foot fetish. Yeah. Um. It's kind of helpful. Okay. Go. You have a room. There will be a Boky camp Boky is their dog that they're talking about. I'm Boky is adorable. But he was chasing the chicken this morning. Oh. Not a big sport. It's what. Markets when ages, Mark used to we used to do D and D stuff. But it was in D and D. It was the expanse. And my character was really, really mean
Boky is their dog that they're talking about. I'm Boky is adorable. But he was chasing the chicken this morning. Oh. Not a big sport. It's what. Markets when ages, Mark used to we used to do D and D stuff. But it was in D and D. It was the expanse. And my character was really, really mean And it was like basically the meanest to Mark's character. Why? I don't remember. Why was she so mean? Luna was so mean to Mark's character. What did Mark's character do to Luna? You don't even know. I hated everyone. Luna, I needed the world. Was it where you wrote? No. I was a hacker
And it was like basically the meanest to Mark's character. Why? I don't remember. Why was she so mean? Luna was so mean to Mark's character. What did Mark's character do to Luna? You don't even know. I hated everyone. Luna, I needed the world. Was it where you wrote? No. I was a hacker I was a hacker. I don't know. This was like a long time ago. It basically reads for each underscore thing in all the things. Do some stuff. She was a girl. Be careful. My character was kind of did whatever you wanted. Regardless of the outcome. I see. Yeah, those two personalities
I was a hacker. I don't know. This was like a long time ago. It basically reads for each underscore thing in all the things. Do some stuff. She was a girl. Be careful. My character was kind of did whatever you wanted. Regardless of the outcome. I see. Yeah, those two personalities I think I might have it's we don't need to listen to that. Let's see. Oh. I wanted to see if I still had it on the do do do do do do do do. How do I just go to me like actual? There we go. And no wait, videos, videos. There we go. Yeah. I don't know
I think I might have it's we don't need to listen to that. Let's see. Oh. I wanted to see if I still had it on the do do do do do do do do. How do I just go to me like actual? There we go. And no wait, videos, videos. There we go. Yeah. I don't know Yeah. I don't know. I don't know why it's that image for a different thing. But hey, whatever. Luna was really mean. And yeah, that was I compared it just in my character. There you go. Anyway. Delete. Okay. So cool. Which of these solutions is best is entirely subjective
Yeah. I don't know. I don't know why it's that image for a different thing. But hey, whatever. Luna was really mean. And yeah, that was I compared it just in my character. There you go. Anyway. Delete. Okay. So cool. Which of these solutions is best is entirely subjective Solving the problem with less code is always nice, but it's worth keeping in mind that following the lines from the zen of Python, readability counts explicit is better than implicit
Solving the problem with less code is always nice, but it's worth keeping in mind that following the lines from the zen of Python, readability counts explicit is better than implicit So you can use tools that make compact readable programs, but then you have to choose favorite code that is easy for others to understand. Right. All right. Oh snap. The fun coding challenge. The final countdown. Yes, and I vote you get to share first. No, that means
So you can use tools that make compact readable programs, but then you have to choose favorite code that is easy for others to understand. Right. All right. Oh snap. The fun coding challenge. The final countdown. Yes, and I vote you get to share first. No, that means No, that means. Yeah, that night might get the end ones, but I'm going to try to do the middle ones. You're going to do two in the middle. Yeah. How many are there? There's four. There are four. I will do the two in the middle if you do the first one in the last one
No, that means. Yeah, that night might get the end ones, but I'm going to try to do the middle ones. You're going to do two in the middle. Yeah. How many are there? There's four. There are four. I will do the two in the middle if you do the first one in the last one She's because we've been friends for such a long time. I don't know. I don't know. Yes. All right, but you got to share your screen. I am. I'm getting there. Damn. Okay. Okay. But yes. I have to make sure that I'm
She's because we've been friends for such a long time. I don't know. I don't know. Yes. All right, but you got to share your screen. I am. I'm getting there. Damn. Okay. Okay. But yes. I have to make sure that I'm Mark, are you still playing D&D or the Expans? Are you guys still streaming it? I need to. Oh, actually, I everybody should, if you still, if they still stream on the screen, they're going to be on Jacob's. Oh, they should definitely go follow Jacob too. Okay
Mark, are you still playing D&D or the Expans? Are you guys still streaming it? I need to. Oh, actually, I everybody should, if you still, if they still stream on the screen, they're going to be on Jacob's. Oh, they should definitely go follow Jacob too. Okay Okay. There's a new one coming up or in the words. A new campaign. It'll be exciting. Don't. But yes, what are we doing here? Okay. With all you've learned, you can start you can start writing much more interesting programs. See if you can solve the problems below
Okay. There's a new one coming up or in the words. A new campaign. It'll be exciting. Don't. But yes, what are we doing here? Okay. With all you've learned, you can start you can start writing much more interesting programs. See if you can solve the problems below As always, run the setup code below before working on the questions. I already ran all of it. From learntools.core import binder, binder.bind.globalls. From learntools.python.ex5 import. Start. Print setup complete. Yay. Done
As always, run the setup code below before working on the questions. I already ran all of it. From learntools.core import binder, binder.bind.globalls. From learntools.python.ex5 import. Start. Print setup complete. Yay. Done Yay. Done. Have you ever felt debugging involved a bit of luck? For the following program, the following program has a bug. Try identifying the bug and fixing it. Death has a lucky number. Nums. Return whether the given list of numbers is lucky
Yay. Done. Have you ever felt debugging involved a bit of luck? For the following program, the following program has a bug. Try identifying the bug and fixing it. Death has a lucky number. Nums. Return whether the given list of numbers is lucky A lucky list contains at least one number divisible by seven. Four num and nums if num is divided if num is divisible by seven, if the remainder of oh my god, I hate this. If the remainder divisible by seven is equal to zero return true, else return false. Wow. I hate it
A lucky list contains at least one number divisible by seven. Four num and nums if num is divided if num is divisible by seven, if the remainder of oh my god, I hate this. If the remainder divisible by seven is equal to zero return true, else return false. Wow. I hate it Wow. I hate it. Try identifying the bug and fix it in the cell below. Okay. So, um. I feel like it was kind of like one of the weird ones we have of like if num equals num. NUM? NUM? NUM NUM? NUM NUM? Yes. I don't remember if I have none given nums. But I expected the value of a bull
Wow. I hate it. Try identifying the bug and fix it in the cell below. Okay. So, um. I feel like it was kind of like one of the weird ones we have of like if num equals num. NUM? NUM? NUM NUM? NUM NUM? Yes. I don't remember if I have none given nums. But I expected the value of a bull Did you forget? Did you forget a return statement? NUM? Is it visible or not? I'm not going to use the hand. I'm not going to do it. NUMs divide the list. Oh, is it because there's no list? No. This is why we why I feel that it's luck because I just fucking put things in until I get it right
Did you forget? Did you forget a return statement? NUM? Is it visible or not? I'm not going to use the hand. I'm not going to do it. NUMs divide the list. Oh, is it because there's no list? No. This is why we why I feel that it's luck because I just fucking put things in until I get it right I can't just look at it and be like oh. I know exactly what's going on. For num in nums for each individual num inside of this num's area. If. Well, Laura suggested that making a list of numbers and walking through it. Well, the list of numbers has the lucky number I assume. So. So
I can't just look at it and be like oh. I know exactly what's going on. For num in nums for each individual num inside of this num's area. If. Well, Laura suggested that making a list of numbers and walking through it. Well, the list of numbers has the lucky number I assume. So. So So. So. Has it has lucky number is well, I don't even know what has lucky number is because you know that or NUMs and we're num in num's. And then this is returning returns none. If. NUM. Imagine you're looking at whatever is the first number. What will happen? So if. Eight. Is. Divided by seven
So. So. Has it has lucky number is well, I don't even know what has lucky number is because you know that or NUMs and we're num in num's. And then this is returning returns none. If. NUM. Imagine you're looking at whatever is the first number. What will happen? So if. Eight. Is. Divided by seven Divided by seven. And. This is clearly as one issue return false. You've got to return about you got to return value of none given num's equals. List. Because num's itself isn't a. Boolean because it's still on the list. So
Divided by seven. And. This is clearly as one issue return false. You've got to return about you got to return value of none given num's equals. List. Because num's itself isn't a. Boolean because it's still on the list. So So. That doesn't make sense because num in num's is should be pulling each number out. Of num's. Out. And. Laura said imagine you're looking at whatever is the first number in the list what will happen. Right
So. That doesn't make sense because num in num's is should be pulling each number out. Of num's. Out. And. Laura said imagine you're looking at whatever is the first number in the list what will happen. Right Right. So what happened when that eight isn't visible? Well, it's both that when the eighths not visible should return false. And it shouldn't return none should return false because the eight. Is not equal to zero. Yeah, if num is divided by seven. And equal to zero should return true
Right. So what happened when that eight isn't visible? Well, it's both that when the eighths not visible should return false. And it shouldn't return none should return false because the eight. Is not equal to zero. Yeah, if num is divided by seven. And equal to zero should return true If it returns false. Oh, then what happens? It. It should move on to the next number. Oh, it's not moving on to the next number just returning false. So if it. So is it like an if else? It returns. No, that doesn't
If it returns false. Oh, then what happens? It. It should move on to the next number. Oh, it's not moving on to the next number just returning false. So if it. So is it like an if else? It returns. No, that doesn't No, that doesn't. It returns false, but I guess my my dumb lizard brain doesn't understand what how it would go. Forward to say hey. Check the next number. I assumed. Or would do that. Like hey, it's not this. And it's not this. So let's continue. I'm sorry, it's not this. It's this
No, that doesn't. It returns false, but I guess my my dumb lizard brain doesn't understand what how it would go. Forward to say hey. Check the next number. I assumed. Or would do that. Like hey, it's not this. And it's not this. So let's continue. I'm sorry, it's not this. It's this It's this. So let's continue on. And I know the answer is going to be so. And I'm already I'm already looking forward to being upset at this answer. That's a good way to look at it. What? You're already looking forward being upset at this answer. Can't talk to me as a cancer
It's this. So let's continue on. And I know the answer is going to be so. And I'm already I'm already looking forward to being upset at this answer. That's a good way to look at it. What? You're already looking forward being upset at this answer. Can't talk to me as a cancer I'm I think it's a good answer because I agree with it. Even what you want to return what you want to return. Think about when you want that return to happen. Well, I wanted to check all the numbers first. And then return. True or false? Like if any numb in this is divisible, why seven return true
I'm I think it's a good answer because I agree with it. Even what you want to return what you want to return. Think about when you want that return to happen. Well, I wanted to check all the numbers first. And then return. True or false? Like if any numb in this is divisible, why seven return true And then if not, return false. It wouldn't be any. That doesn't make sense. Let's hate this. After it checks all. So after it's finished the loop. Yeah, that's what thought any is on the right. Oh. If not. It's very true. Do you understand what's going on or am I just like. Oh, no, no, I
And then if not, return false. It wouldn't be any. That doesn't make sense. Let's hate this. After it checks all. So after it's finished the loop. Yeah, that's what thought any is on the right. Oh. If not. It's very true. Do you understand what's going on or am I just like. Oh, no, no, I Oh, no, no, I. Nope, nope. I didn't understand the entire lesson that we went through. It's kind of why I wanted you to do the first one because I was like, no. Yeah, yeah, no, I'm still completely lost. I'm pretty sure this is why the letters are invented for people like me
Oh, no, no, I. Nope, nope. I didn't understand the entire lesson that we went through. It's kind of why I wanted you to do the first one because I was like, no. Yeah, yeah, no, I'm still completely lost. I'm pretty sure this is why the letters are invented for people like me No, I think I'm I'm finally caving to what Jay has been wanting this to do. Yeah, okay, I'm just going to hand. How many times is the body of the loop? We're on to the list of it. If you're not sure, try adding print before. I did and it did nothing. You fucking fool. I hate you
No, I think I'm I'm finally caving to what Jay has been wanting this to do. Yeah, okay, I'm just going to hand. How many times is the body of the loop? We're on to the list of it. If you're not sure, try adding print before. I did and it did nothing. You fucking fool. I hate you I hate you. Laura said, Alinter, when it catch this, it's not a bug that prevents the program from running, but it does prevent the program from doing what it's what you expect. See, this is why I hate. This is this is the difficulty of doing things like this. It's a it's a garbage hint
I hate you. Laura said, Alinter, when it catch this, it's not a bug that prevents the program from running, but it does prevent the program from doing what it's what you expect. See, this is why I hate. This is this is the difficulty of doing things like this. It's a it's a garbage hint This is a garbage hint. This hint belongs in the garbage and should never be brought to anyone's attention. Never again. Try using some example cases and run through the code. I'm only a dick, but what does that even mean? I don't know
This is a garbage hint. This hint belongs in the garbage and should never be brought to anyone's attention. Never again. Try using some example cases and run through the code. I'm only a dick, but what does that even mean? I don't know I'm so mean up with like a totally different way that you were doing things and I feel like it's not right either. I'll share my screen. You're probably right or the not. Mark said try like one two three four seven maybe and also maybe one that doesn't have it in it like one two three four. I see
I'm so mean up with like a totally different way that you were doing things and I feel like it's not right either. I'll share my screen. You're probably right or the not. Mark said try like one two three four seven maybe and also maybe one that doesn't have it in it like one two three four. I see I see. And I'll share mine because I think I was just going off on like Lolo land. I mean, if you got it right. I didn't get right. I just think I got a more wrong than you did. I got mine. No, I put mine all in one line. Just just try to see if I could help try to figure it out
I see. And I'll share mine because I think I was just going off on like Lolo land. I mean, if you got it right. I didn't get right. I just think I got a more wrong than you did. I got mine. No, I put mine all in one line. Just just try to see if I could help try to figure it out And I think that's why I'm like I think mine is worse than yours. I don't think that we're either. I think your print doesn't work because you don't have parentheses. Oh, that does make sense. Being more parentheses that I might get a different error at least
And I think that's why I'm like I think mine is worse than yours. I don't think that we're either. I think your print doesn't work because you don't have parentheses. Oh, that does make sense. Being more parentheses that I might get a different error at least No, I use print instead of return, but I will put the screen back on yours. I just want to show you I'm struggling in a different way than you are just I and I'm struggling just as much. So putting your screen back on. Nah. Or if you didn't. Okay, if you want my screen up
No, I use print instead of return, but I will put the screen back on yours. I just want to show you I'm struggling in a different way than you are just I and I'm struggling just as much. So putting your screen back on. Nah. Or if you didn't. Okay, if you want my screen up No, they're asking me to solve it this way and I hate it, but I'll do it, I guess. Or numb in nums. If numb. It's divisible by seven return true. So you know you don't want to return until after. It's read through all the numbers
No, they're asking me to solve it this way and I hate it, but I'll do it, I guess. Or numb in nums. If numb. It's divisible by seven return true. So you know you don't want to return until after. It's read through all the numbers Where can you put that return false so that it keeps reading until it finishes? Um. I mean, I assume you don't want to return false at the end of the forward loop itself. But. I don't know anymore, bro. If I do this by myself, it's like it'd be frustrated. Yeah. I like to the solution
Where can you put that return false so that it keeps reading until it finishes? Um. I mean, I assume you don't want to return false at the end of the forward loop itself. But. I don't know anymore, bro. If I do this by myself, it's like it'd be frustrated. Yeah. I like to the solution You better not have. You don't even don't even I can't believe you did that. I did. I can't even know if we can be friends anymore. Oh, incorrect. I'm the functional. The argument. Seven Python raised the following. Int object is not callable. I have this here. Okay. That's. Thank you. Thank you
You better not have. You don't even don't even I can't believe you did that. I did. I can't even know if we can be friends anymore. Oh, incorrect. I'm the functional. The argument. Seven Python raised the following. Int object is not callable. I have this here. Okay. That's. Thank you. Thank you Thank you. Thank you. You are. You're wonderful. But I'm I'm just saying like. And the solution and I don't get it. Like it's. No, I understand the first part after Laura has beat as not beat into me, but. Um. Uh, baby birded me along to the solution
Thank you. Thank you. You are. You're wonderful. But I'm I'm just saying like. And the solution and I don't get it. Like it's. No, I understand the first part after Laura has beat as not beat into me, but. Um. Uh, baby birded me along to the solution We'll say, um, at least for the first solution, you run the four and you keep trying to return true. Yeah. And if nothing returns true, it returns false. The second one line version, I just didn't even try one line because I was like, oh, they want it done like this. Right
We'll say, um, at least for the first solution, you run the four and you keep trying to return true. Yeah. And if nothing returns true, it returns false. The second one line version, I just didn't even try one line because I was like, oh, they want it done like this. Right Right. So we basically all we did was read delete. Else. Uh, I didn't, but yeah. And that's why I'm like, I feel like that's not very explanatory. Like how. I think because if if something's already returned true in this, then we'll get a true answer and then this will not run
Right. So we basically all we did was read delete. Else. Uh, I didn't, but yeah. And that's why I'm like, I feel like that's not very explanatory. Like how. I think because if if something's already returned true in this, then we'll get a true answer and then this will not run But if nothing returns true, then we'll go return false. I think is how it's supposed to go. What happened to me? It's me. You got to miss. Uh, for the statement that hasn't also. Yeah. Oh, what up, Mellair from YouTube. Hello
But if nothing returns true, then we'll go return false. I think is how it's supposed to go. What happened to me? It's me. You got to miss. Uh, for the statement that hasn't also. Yeah. Oh, what up, Mellair from YouTube. Hello Hello. I, is it Miller? Miller? Miller? Miller? Is it? Is it? How would we say your name? How, yeah, what's the netics of saying your name? Yeah. Like mine is like day and then the word me is an end. It's my way easier, but I don't want to butcher your name
Hello. I, is it Miller? Miller? Miller? Miller? Is it? Is it? How would we say your name? How, yeah, what's the netics of saying your name? Yeah. Like mine is like day and then the word me is an end. It's my way easier, but I don't want to butcher your name Like if you give, if you're helping me with problems, I don't want to be like, Miller and you're like, that's not my name, bro. Um, okay, so the one line solution is a little weird because I guess the any actually does work, which is interesting
Like if you give, if you're helping me with problems, I don't want to be like, Miller and you're like, that's not my name, bro. Um, okay, so the one line solution is a little weird because I guess the any actually does work, which is interesting Um, but it's just return any num equals zero for num and num. Like when you see it, it seems right, sure, but like, you know what, we're just going to move on to two. Sure. I'm popcorn. Select you. Okay. Yay, I guess. Hey, you said you wanted, you didn't want the spicy one too. Yeah
Um, but it's just return any num equals zero for num and num. Like when you see it, it seems right, sure, but like, you know what, we're just going to move on to two. Sure. I'm popcorn. Select you. Okay. Yay, I guess. Hey, you said you wanted, you didn't want the spicy one too. Yeah Yeah. Yeah, no, like I get that. I just, I'm still super, super, super struggling with this. Like words just don't make sense at this point. And I'm just like, mmm. Do you want me to read it? I can't read it. I have no issue reading. No
Yeah. Yeah, no, like I get that. I just, I'm still super, super, super struggling with this. Like words just don't make sense at this point. And I'm just like, mmm. Do you want me to read it? I can't read it. I have no issue reading. No No. It's like the list still don't entirely make sense in that we skip to loops. And then we're going back to this comprehension
No. It's like the list still don't entirely make sense in that we skip to loops. And then we're going back to this comprehension I'm like, y'all, I'm still stuck on like lesson two because we didn't finish like, it doesn't feel like I have a concrete understanding of things we did before this to get to this point
I'm like, y'all, I'm still stuck on like lesson two because we didn't finish like, it doesn't feel like I have a concrete understanding of things we did before this to get to this point I think it would definitely be better if they use what we learned beforehand in conjunction with what we're learning now to like build onto something to make it make sense. That's what I think it's quite. And I feel like we're using very different things
I think it would definitely be better if they use what we learned beforehand in conjunction with what we're learning now to like build onto something to make it make sense. That's what I think it's quite. And I feel like we're using very different things So that's why I'm like at this point, I'm like, you know, I think we should just listen to Jay and not use this anymore. Hey, you wanted your certification. We're getting your certification, remember? I do, but I don't think that like I get that I've totally had a rough day
So that's why I'm like at this point, I'm like, you know, I think we should just listen to Jay and not use this anymore. Hey, you wanted your certification. We're getting your certification, remember? I do, but I don't think that like I get that I've totally had a rough day And I don't even know why, but like when it gets that frustrating that I'm like almost to tears, which is so dumb, y'all, please ignore them
And I don't even know why, but like when it gets that frustrating that I'm like almost to tears, which is so dumb, y'all, please ignore them But it's like, if something's getting that frustrating, is it worth it to go down that same avenue and continue pushing through or find a different way of learning it? Interesting. I guess. What's kind of where I'm at? That's fair
But it's like, if something's getting that frustrating, is it worth it to go down that same avenue and continue pushing through or find a different way of learning it? Interesting. I guess. What's kind of where I'm at? That's fair I guess in my mind, I generally like, I treat these exercises like I would like jam exercises where like I hate it. I hate every second of being there. I hate every second of doing it. But I'm going to get it down because I started it. That's fair
I guess in my mind, I generally like, I treat these exercises like I would like jam exercises where like I hate it. I hate every second of being there. I hate every second of doing it. But I'm going to get it down because I started it. That's fair That's fair. So like, but if like I go to the gym with someone, they're like, yeah, I don't want to do this anymore. They're like, okay, let's not do it anymore. Cool. I did my two sand flows bounce
That's fair. So like, but if like I go to the gym with someone, they're like, yeah, I don't want to do this anymore. They're like, okay, let's not do it anymore. Cool. I did my two sand flows bounce And I guess like if we give the workout, like, you know if like, let's say that we're doing a bicep curl, if you're doing a bicep curl, I can go lighter weight. I can at least move, see if even if it's a really heavy knee, I may be able to get it like off the ground
And I guess like if we give the workout, like, you know if like, let's say that we're doing a bicep curl, if you're doing a bicep curl, I can go lighter weight. I can at least move, see if even if it's a really heavy knee, I may be able to get it like off the ground I'm to the point where I'm like, I don't know what the fuck these words are. Like, they're words, but like, I'm like, I like basically just want to scream at this entire thing because it doesn't, it doesn't make sense to me
I'm to the point where I'm like, I don't know what the fuck these words are. Like, they're words, but like, I'm like, I like basically just want to scream at this entire thing because it doesn't, it doesn't make sense to me And and so we've said, these things are all connected, but this is, this course was definitely written from someone from the perspective of someone who already gets it. Kaggle was a resource for learning machine. Learning is amazing
And and so we've said, these things are all connected, but this is, this course was definitely written from someone from the perspective of someone who already gets it. Kaggle was a resource for learning machine. Learning is amazing I got to say, I think this tutorial would not have worked for me learning Python. Oh, what's fair? And I think that's just like, we're in an ad and it's definitely assuming a lot. Like a lot of these assumptions are like, oh, okay, like quick overview. Here's what it is
I got to say, I think this tutorial would not have worked for me learning Python. Oh, what's fair? And I think that's just like, we're in an ad and it's definitely assuming a lot. Like a lot of these assumptions are like, oh, okay, like quick overview. Here's what it is Here's what it is. You know, you should know this by now. Let's go. It's it's it's very much, I don't know if anyone's had like, older siblings that you had to do stuff with and they kind of like drug you along, even though you don't know what's going on. That's what this feels like to me
Here's what it is. You know, you should know this by now. Let's go. It's it's it's very much, I don't know if anyone's had like, older siblings that you had to do stuff with and they kind of like drug you along, even though you don't know what's going on. That's what this feels like to me I guess that is a that's a good way of saying it. And like, I've tried to like joket out. I guess you could say I was like, hey, I need a practical example. But putting it as a joking situation isn't. It's my way of coping with it trying to be like, okay, I'm just not getting it
I guess that is a that's a good way of saying it. And like, I've tried to like joket out. I guess you could say I was like, hey, I need a practical example. But putting it as a joking situation isn't. It's my way of coping with it trying to be like, okay, I'm just not getting it So let me try to make a funny way to get it. But it's like, it's like, I'm not extreme and wanting to like literally cry right now. I'm like, that's probably not being going down the right learning path
So let me try to make a funny way to get it. But it's like, it's like, I'm not extreme and wanting to like literally cry right now. I'm like, that's probably not being going down the right learning path Yeah, that's definitely sounds like it's like, you know, giving you the wrong impression of things and like, we don't want that. I was like learning with Laura on Python or learning with Jay on Python. I've literally never felt like this. Well, please ignore if I cry. I'm not trying to cry
Yeah, that's definitely sounds like it's like, you know, giving you the wrong impression of things and like, we don't want that. I was like learning with Laura on Python or learning with Jay on Python. I've literally never felt like this. Well, please ignore if I cry. I'm not trying to cry It's just the motion's coming up, which is always fun. But it's like, when I also want to share this because I feel like a lot of people that get into coding or program, no, we're not going to cry. A lot of people that get into new careers, especially coding, which is so like, it's not tangible
It's just the motion's coming up, which is always fun. But it's like, when I also want to share this because I feel like a lot of people that get into coding or program, no, we're not going to cry. A lot of people that get into new careers, especially coding, which is so like, it's not tangible It is so frustrating and it can feel so lonely. Okay, I'm sorry, I'm crying. Yeah. So I just got to say, thank you because you're here, Damien, you've been my friend forever. And Laura and I went through this with like, when we talked about algebra, it's so dumb
It is so frustrating and it can feel so lonely. Okay, I'm sorry, I'm crying. Yeah. So I just got to say, thank you because you're here, Damien, you've been my friend forever. And Laura and I went through this with like, when we talked about algebra, it's so dumb It's so dumb when this stuff doesn't click. About algebra? Like, like, just math itself? Yeah, we've been talking about how like, this feeling is like how algebra was for me. Like that frustration. Okay. Yeah. Yeah
It's so dumb when this stuff doesn't click. About algebra? Like, like, just math itself? Yeah, we've been talking about how like, this feeling is like how algebra was for me. Like that frustration. Okay. Yeah. Yeah Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And it's like, when, when it's learning like this, I get why so many people don't want to go into this career or don't, if they, if they don't have like, can't afford to go to a bootcamp. Completely agree. So, I mean, it does like add anything to it
Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And it's like, when, when it's learning like this, I get why so many people don't want to go into this career or don't, if they, if they don't have like, can't afford to go to a bootcamp. Completely agree. So, I mean, it does like add anything to it The feeling that you get, I feel the, it feels very similar to what we were talking about yesterday with sleep paralysis. So, yeah, we were talking yesterday about sleep paralysis and I was very stuck asking many questions about it
The feeling that you get, I feel the, it feels very similar to what we were talking about yesterday with sleep paralysis. So, yeah, we were talking yesterday about sleep paralysis and I was very stuck asking many questions about it Like, it's one of those, it's one of those very interesting things. Like, a lot of people have different feelings on sleep paralysis and like what they feel when it happens. And I feel like because you're, your base, but try it by yourself in your own body, which is great
Like, it's one of those, it's one of those very interesting things. Like, a lot of people have different feelings on sleep paralysis and like what they feel when it happens. And I feel like because you're, your base, but try it by yourself in your own body, which is great So, if you guys ever have watched the sleep paralysis demon movie, it's interesting. But don't, if you have it and you have sleep paralysis. Okay. There. Yeah
So, if you guys ever have watched the sleep paralysis demon movie, it's interesting. But don't, if you have it and you have sleep paralysis. Okay. There. Yeah Like, I think that just that frustration is a fair thing because it's like feeling siloed and this thing that is kind of like, well, why don't you get it without actually saying, why don't you get it
Like, I think that just that frustration is a fair thing because it's like feeling siloed and this thing that is kind of like, well, why don't you get it without actually saying, why don't you get it But like, yeah, when you're, when you're getting these answers, it's like, see like, why don't you just understand without actually saying it
But like, yeah, when you're, when you're getting these answers, it's like, see like, why don't you just understand without actually saying it It's very cold. Yeah, it's like, and Laura, if you want to come on stream, I'm down to send you the stream you're on the link if you would like. But I don't remember if you're on discord, just remember that you're not on Twitter anymore, but I don't know if you're on Twitter again
It's very cold. Yeah, it's like, and Laura, if you want to come on stream, I'm down to send you the stream you're on the link if you would like. But I don't remember if you're on discord, just remember that you're not on Twitter anymore, but I don't know if you're on Twitter again That's a great way of saying it though
That's a great way of saying it though Is it is very cold because it's like, how would I have known to just delete else? Like, I feel like that wasn't talked about like, hey, when you're looking at this, this is a way that you should know to do this, you know
Is it is very cold because it's like, how would I have known to just delete else? Like, I feel like that wasn't talked about like, hey, when you're looking at this, this is a way that you should know to do this, you know And on top of that, I think another thing that's very interesting is like, let's say, am I still sharing or is it you? You're not sharing, you can share
And on top of that, I think another thing that's very interesting is like, let's say, am I still sharing or is it you? You're not sharing, you can share Okay. You're sharing. I am sharing. I ignore what I'm doing here because we can't see your screen so you're good. This is something stuff I was doing with Jay making bocky at the site. I'll just make a new one, new file, test up. I so if I were to do this, it's going to like, I don't know
Okay. You're sharing. I am sharing. I ignore what I'm doing here because we can't see your screen so you're good. This is something stuff I was doing with Jay making bocky at the site. I'll just make a new one, new file, test up. I so if I were to do this, it's going to like, I don't know Can you zoom in a bit? Oh yeah, I forgot. It's super nice. Can I zoom in? Oh, that's beautiful. Like, I don't, clearly, it's going to say, hey, return. I don't know what you're saying. It's because I'm not the phone. Okay
Can you zoom in a bit? Oh yeah, I forgot. It's super nice. Can I zoom in? Oh, that's beautiful. Like, I don't, clearly, it's going to say, hey, return. I don't know what you're saying. It's because I'm not the phone. Okay Okay. Like, at least when I'm doing this and like something like VS code, I'm getting something. Yeah, and I know Laura said she's on Discord, by the way. I just entered the link. That like, hey, it's not going to say that this is incorrect because it's like, function link says it's correct
Okay. Like, at least when I'm doing this and like something like VS code, I'm getting something. Yeah, and I know Laura said she's on Discord, by the way. I just entered the link. That like, hey, it's not going to say that this is incorrect because it's like, function link says it's correct But at the same time, it's very, very, and yes, and so we bit is always easier with someone because you can ask some questions or run through it. Though sometimes you guys come up with solutions that are like so out of this world, but I'm like, I have no idea how you even got to this planet
But at the same time, it's very, very, and yes, and so we bit is always easier with someone because you can ask some questions or run through it. Though sometimes you guys come up with solutions that are like so out of this world, but I'm like, I have no idea how you even got to this planet I don't even know what space travel is. Okay, I just started looking into the sky. Yeah, like I can, I guess, an easier way is when Laura, it's Laura, not Laura in the correct
I don't even know what space travel is. Okay, I just started looking into the sky. Yeah, like I can, I guess, an easier way is when Laura, it's Laura, not Laura in the correct Yeah, I will say that I have, I think I've called her both and like, paused, trying to say hi to her because, I was like, wait, is it Laura, Lauren, Laura, Lauren, Laura, Laura, Laura, Laura, Laura, Laura, but why do I keep trying to say Laura? I know why I keep on scoring. Yeah
Yeah, I will say that I have, I think I've called her both and like, paused, trying to say hi to her because, I was like, wait, is it Laura, Lauren, Laura, Lauren, Laura, Laura, Laura, Laura, Laura, Laura, but why do I keep trying to say Laura? I know why I keep on scoring. Yeah Yeah. Oh, that's a good point. And sweet. And Laura says they need to get things sorted and we'll be on in a minute. Okay, well, while they're coming, like, take that else to reach your place with zero
Yeah. Oh, that's a good point. And sweet. And Laura says they need to get things sorted and we'll be on in a minute. Okay, well, while they're coming, like, take that else to reach your place with zero So, I think the biggest portion for me is like, when I see a hint like this, this means absolutely nothing
So, I think the biggest portion for me is like, when I see a hint like this, this means absolutely nothing Like, even with everything that we've learned, how many times is the body of the loop run or a list in the length of end? Excuse me? What did you just say to me? Like, basically, I guess the best, I think Laura is so, is just most common
Like, even with everything that we've learned, how many times is the body of the loop run or a list in the length of end? Excuse me? What did you just say to me? Like, basically, I guess the best, I think Laura is so, is just most common I also dated a Lauren, so like, anytime I get the love out, like, it's that, um, or I work with like three, I work with three Lauren's. Like, I think I just call the person low as well, because it's so much easier to like, not fuck up. Yeah, sure
I also dated a Lauren, so like, anytime I get the love out, like, it's that, um, or I work with like three, I work with three Lauren's. Like, I think I just call the person low as well, because it's so much easier to like, not fuck up. Yeah, sure Yeah, sure. It's the same reason why people call me Damon sometimes. Um, like, I guess the best way of putting it is like, when I see a hint like this, no human that I know of would give you a hint like this. Right
Yeah, sure. It's the same reason why people call me Damon sometimes. Um, like, I guess the best way of putting it is like, when I see a hint like this, no human that I know of would give you a hint like this. Right Right. Like, Laura, um, had a much better hint of like, like, think of it in terms of what is returning. Um, I believe they said, I'm going to go to the first one. I got to say though, like, it's, uh, Laura talked about being full circle and now that she's doing, uh, a pie bay
Right. Like, Laura, um, had a much better hint of like, like, think of it in terms of what is returning. Um, I believe they said, I'm going to go to the first one. I got to say though, like, it's, uh, Laura talked about being full circle and now that she's doing, uh, a pie bay Um, I was like, this is full circle because I first started learning to code and do Python with Laura. So like full circle, she's coming on three now. And I was going to be like, that's a great name. Mark Delswitt
Um, I was like, this is full circle because I first started learning to code and do Python with Laura. So like full circle, she's coming on three now. And I was going to be like, that's a great name. Mark Delswitt Um, Mark and Laura, both actually, um, they were saying, hey, what is the iteration of like, what's happening with this if? Basically asking, hey, if you're returning something, what are you returning to look at the entire thing and say, hey, what is it that you're returning
Um, Mark and Laura, both actually, um, they were saying, hey, what is the iteration of like, what's happening with this if? Basically asking, hey, if you're returning something, what are you returning to look at the entire thing and say, hey, what is it that you're returning Eventually we came to the point where like, I want to return true if there's something to do as a boy at seven and I want to return false otherwise
Eventually we came to the point where like, I want to return true if there's something to do as a boy at seven and I want to return false otherwise And then they were asking, um, if you don't want to return false until after you've run through, checking to make sure all the numbers are, are any numbers that is well by seven. How would you do that? That makes more sense than this
And then they were asking, um, if you don't want to return false until after you've run through, checking to make sure all the numbers are, are any numbers that is well by seven. How would you do that? That makes more sense than this I think the first one makes, and how it's written out makes a lot more sense than what the one, one minor says because the one minor, I'm just like, well, I don't even know what that says. Uh, so the one minor kind of makes sense to me because that's what I was going to try to do
I think the first one makes, and how it's written out makes a lot more sense than what the one, one minor says because the one minor, I'm just like, well, I don't even know what that says. Uh, so the one minor kind of makes sense to me because that's what I was going to try to do I don't, I probably would never come over the solution, but like, return any so true or false if number inside of this num's category is the visible by seven and equals zero for any num number and numbers return true or false. So basically like, it's going to return false
I don't, I probably would never come over the solution, but like, return any so true or false if number inside of this num's category is the visible by seven and equals zero for any num number and numbers return true or false. So basically like, it's going to return false This is what return false if there's nothing given to the boy seven and then this sort of turn true if nothing is visible by seven. And sweet, you're like one of my favorite humans just like every time you show up for our streams and are so helpful
This is what return false if there's nothing given to the boy seven and then this sort of turn true if nothing is visible by seven. And sweet, you're like one of my favorite humans just like every time you show up for our streams and are so helpful Um, and as for the hint, just reading what they said of the number of iterations has almost nothing to do with the solution to the problem. Exactly
Um, and as for the hint, just reading what they said of the number of iterations has almost nothing to do with the solution to the problem. Exactly And like, like for people that are new, like, I get that like, I'm very appreciative to have built a platform and have gotten over this and uh, not that I get excited for getting emotional and stream, but like, think of all the people that don't have an audience helping them through it or friends or resources
And like, like for people that are new, like, I get that like, I'm very appreciative to have built a platform and have gotten over this and uh, not that I get excited for getting emotional and stream, but like, think of all the people that don't have an audience helping them through it or friends or resources Like, it's such a valuable industry to be in yet if we don't think about how to make our items consumable, our learning processes consumable, I think that's why adult learning is so important. Like, the way people learn
Like, it's such a valuable industry to be in yet if we don't think about how to make our items consumable, our learning processes consumable, I think that's why adult learning is so important. Like, the way people learn I just like, I guess the violence in me says like if someone were to tell me this hand like in real life, I would want to head about them like just because like, this isn't a hint you would give another human. It feels like Chad GBT tried to give me this hint. Like, yeah, this is it
I just like, I guess the violence in me says like if someone were to tell me this hand like in real life, I would want to head about them like just because like, this isn't a hint you would give another human. It feels like Chad GBT tried to give me this hint. Like, yeah, this is it Why don't you get it stupid? And it's just like because what you just said makes no sense. Even in suite, like, I feel like people who know more coding, like, I feel like if we gave this hint to Jay, he would be going off right now. I feel like he would be too. Um, so upset. He would, he would
Why don't you get it stupid? And it's just like because what you just said makes no sense. Even in suite, like, I feel like people who know more coding, like, I feel like if we gave this hint to Jay, he would be going off right now. I feel like he would be too. Um, so upset. He would, he would He would, he would. And I don't, I don't think I necessarily want to share my chat GBT history. We'll see. Uh, let me let me delete a few things really quick. Um, before I just do. Uh, do this. Because I think. Um, um, Oh, that's fine. That's fine. Okay
He would, he would. And I don't, I don't think I necessarily want to share my chat GBT history. We'll see. Uh, let me let me delete a few things really quick. Um, before I just do. Uh, do this. Because I think. Um, um, Oh, that's fine. That's fine. Okay That's fine. Okay. I will share this because I think this is interesting because I think we've got, I've gotten better hints from Chad GBT is why I'm. Because I've been working on my website for a while now. You're not going to let me zoom in. But like, if I was having
That's fine. Okay. I will share this because I think this is interesting because I think we've got, I've gotten better hints from Chad GBT is why I'm. Because I've been working on my website for a while now. You're not going to let me zoom in. But like, if I was having Okay, that's for summaries, but. Any time that I've been trying to go through and do like the buttons, I get that it's chatbeat GBT. So it's not going to always be like, you know, the best resources. But like, it explains what it tried to change
Okay, that's for summaries, but. Any time that I've been trying to go through and do like the buttons, I get that it's chatbeat GBT. So it's not going to always be like, you know, the best resources. But like, it explains what it tried to change And just that explanation helps so much like this because I'm like, oh, you might not be right. But I can go down a different rabbit hole and try to see if this works inside. Also, this is probably where my buttons got messed up. Do what that Damien and I fixed
And just that explanation helps so much like this because I'm like, oh, you might not be right. But I can go down a different rabbit hole and try to see if this works inside. Also, this is probably where my buttons got messed up. Do what that Damien and I fixed And Laura, I'm going to add you and minimize my Chad GBT because nobody, nobody needs to see all that. Hello. Hey, how's it going? Oh, you risked your face. Gosh, I've got two of you. Where are you? Okay, there we go. I'm like, I'm probably so. I'm quite. 20 seconds behind. Very confusing
And Laura, I'm going to add you and minimize my Chad GBT because nobody, nobody needs to see all that. Hello. Hey, how's it going? Oh, you risked your face. Gosh, I've got two of you. Where are you? Okay, there we go. I'm like, I'm probably so. I'm quite. 20 seconds behind. Very confusing Very confusing. Hi, I hate when that happens. Hello. Thank you for joining. Sure thing. Because yeah, we've we've we've done that before. Like two years ago. It's true. It's true. At all, it's almost exactly two years ago. Actually, oh, that's crazy. Yeah, we started in September
Very confusing. Hi, I hate when that happens. Hello. Thank you for joining. Sure thing. Because yeah, we've we've we've done that before. Like two years ago. It's true. It's true. At all, it's almost exactly two years ago. Actually, oh, that's crazy. Yeah, we started in September Oh, or like end of August, early September. I mean, it is almost exactly. That's why I have to finish it this time. It's so funny. But Damian, meet Laura. Laura, meet Damian. Hi, Laura. Damian. Damian. Yeah. Oh, yeah. It makes me happy
Oh, or like end of August, early September. I mean, it is almost exactly. That's why I have to finish it this time. It's so funny. But Damian, meet Laura. Laura, meet Damian. Hi, Laura. Damian. Damian. Yeah. Oh, yeah. It makes me happy It makes me happy. Like sometimes I will say sometimes it gets weird when my world's collide. Like when it's like somebody you meet from work, meets like your friend group from a long time ago
It makes me happy. Like sometimes I will say sometimes it gets weird when my world's collide. Like when it's like somebody you meet from work, meets like your friend group from a long time ago Like this, my friends know, but like I've had it where I'm like, oh, this is weird that you guys have met because especially when it's like unexpected, I think that's one that weirds me out. But it also makes me really happy when I'm going to people. People collide. Oh, yeah. My world's collide
Like this, my friends know, but like I've had it where I'm like, oh, this is weird that you guys have met because especially when it's like unexpected, I think that's one that weirds me out. But it also makes me really happy when I'm going to people. People collide. Oh, yeah. My world's collide My world's collide. Yay. But okay, hi, Laura. Hey, yeah. Go on to question two. Yeah, I guess though. Can I budding? Yeah, since I'm going to budding. Yeah, yeah, go for it
My world's collide. Yay. But okay, hi, Laura. Hey, yeah. Go on to question two. Yeah, I guess though. Can I budding? Yeah, since I'm going to budding. Yeah, yeah, go for it I just want to clarify because Gen, you've said a couple times and Gen knows, but I'm just going to say for everybody else to say, who's never met me before 30 seconds ago, Gen knows that what I'm about to say is non-criticism
I just want to clarify because Gen, you've said a couple times and Gen knows, but I'm just going to say for everybody else to say, who's never met me before 30 seconds ago, Gen knows that what I'm about to say is non-criticism I've heard Gen say a couple times that what all that was needed was deleting the else, but that's not the change that made the difference. In fact, the first time you typed it in, you didn't take out the else and it still worked. I wasn't the else. It was the moving it to another line
I've heard Gen say a couple times that what all that was needed was deleting the else, but that's not the change that made the difference. In fact, the first time you typed it in, you didn't take out the else and it still worked. I wasn't the else. It was the moving it to another line So this ran first and then this ran out. Oh, that's closer, but it was actually the level of indentation. Yes, Python and its indentation. I can never. I can't remember. Indentation is important in Python, just like. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, right, yeah
So this ran first and then this ran out. Oh, that's closer, but it was actually the level of indentation. Yes, Python and its indentation. I can never. I can't remember. Indentation is important in Python, just like. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, right, yeah So, right, yeah. So if this were like JavaScript or something, you would have some brackets that would be showing you like, this is, since we're inside these brackets, we know we're still inside this loop. Python doesn't use the brackets. It uses indentation for that. So it's not cosmetic
So, right, yeah. So if this were like JavaScript or something, you would have some brackets that would be showing you like, this is, since we're inside these brackets, we know we're still inside this loop. Python doesn't use the brackets. It uses indentation for that. So it's not cosmetic The indentation is vital. That's right. Yep. And so that's like that level of indentation, since you're like, you're one tab in basically or force bases or whatever. So that means you're inside the function definition. But now you're inside the for loop
The indentation is vital. That's right. Yep. And so that's like that level of indentation, since you're like, you're one tab in basically or force bases or whatever. So that means you're inside the function definition. But now you're inside the for loop And you don't want to be, you want to be outside of for loop. Because you want it to run through all of the numbers before it returns false. I guess in my mind, it seems kind of weird that it doesn't. And why I guess the solution is this. Yes. Oh, we've been doing it
And you don't want to be, you want to be outside of for loop. Because you want it to run through all of the numbers before it returns false. I guess in my mind, it seems kind of weird that it doesn't. And why I guess the solution is this. Yes. Oh, we've been doing it You want to share your screen? Oh, I can switch it to your. Well, you just scroll down. But the one mind solution is what I was thinking of like, why can't I run both the true or false statement at once? And you can, you just have to use a list comprehension. That's all
You want to share your screen? Oh, I can switch it to your. Well, you just scroll down. But the one mind solution is what I was thinking of like, why can't I run both the true or false statement at once? And you can, you just have to use a list comprehension. That's all That's all. So is the biggest difference between list comprehension and list? Just the fact that list comprehension is like more like one liner? Pretty much. Yeah. It's easier to figure out really quickly what the loop is doing. So, okay, terminology
That's all. So is the biggest difference between list comprehension and list? Just the fact that list comprehension is like more like one liner? Pretty much. Yeah. It's easier to figure out really quickly what the loop is doing. So, okay, terminology So we draw these distinctions between four loops and list comprehension, which might suggest that a list comprehension is not a loop. But it's still looping. It's still doing the fourth thing. It even still has a four in it. It's just a different way of structuring it
So we draw these distinctions between four loops and list comprehension, which might suggest that a list comprehension is not a loop. But it's still looping. It's still doing the fourth thing. It even still has a four in it. It's just a different way of structuring it It's like two different ways of saying the same thing. Right? And so then we have the four loop way, which is like the really long way that you would say something
It's like two different ways of saying the same thing. Right? And so then we have the four loop way, which is like the really long way that you would say something If you were explaining something to somebody who had never heard of something before, you would use more words and maybe like longer spaces in between things. You wouldn't talk as fast. Mid, that's what I'm trying to say. So you wouldn't like talk as fast. You'd slow down
If you were explaining something to somebody who had never heard of something before, you would use more words and maybe like longer spaces in between things. You wouldn't talk as fast. Mid, that's what I'm trying to say. So you wouldn't like talk as fast. You'd slow down You'd slow down. A four loop has sort of more to look at so that it's easier for somebody who's new to the concept of looping in Python to kind of like see line by line. What is this thing doing? And then in a list comprehension, once you've like got it down, you're like, you're good now
You'd slow down. A four loop has sort of more to look at so that it's easier for somebody who's new to the concept of looping in Python to kind of like see line by line. What is this thing doing? And then in a list comprehension, once you've like got it down, you're like, you're good now Then in a list comprehension, then you can read through it just way faster. You can like look at one line and you know exactly what's happening. You don't have to read through a bunch of lines. I don't know if that helps. It does
Then in a list comprehension, then you can read through it just way faster. You can like look at one line and you know exactly what's happening. You don't have to read through a bunch of lines. I don't know if that helps. It does It does. I wish we could like combine, like automate the boiling stuff and cagle because I feel like I like cagle because of the way it's formatted in like code, text, code, just their website is formatted where it made more sense
It does. I wish we could like combine, like automate the boiling stuff and cagle because I feel like I like cagle because of the way it's formatted in like code, text, code, just their website is formatted where it made more sense But the content of automate the boiling stuff was to me easier to understand. But it was like the format of it was where I got really stuck a lot of times
But the content of automate the boiling stuff was to me easier to understand. But it was like the format of it was where I got really stuck a lot of times And the way you explain that on just the way people learn and being able to consolidate things, I think is a great reference to even to just those two pieces. And sweep says, comprehension is also for specific tests
And the way you explain that on just the way people learn and being able to consolidate things, I think is a great reference to even to just those two pieces. And sweep says, comprehension is also for specific tests Populating a list with, oh, populating a list with objects is just one of the many things Luke can do. But it's one thing a comprehension is made to do. All right
Populating a list with, oh, populating a list with objects is just one of the many things Luke can do. But it's one thing a comprehension is made to do. All right All right. Are we, are we, if we do get, I just wanted to make sure that it was clear, like what that, what the actual solution was to that previous problem. Okay. Thank you. And if we have time for this, I totally want to go back to the spicy question on the last one
All right. Are we, are we, if we do get, I just wanted to make sure that it was clear, like what that, what the actual solution was to that previous problem. Okay. Thank you. And if we have time for this, I totally want to go back to the spicy question on the last one Because, you know, didn't know it just doesn't make sense to me, but, all right, I get to do this way. Of two, look at the Python expressions below
Because, you know, didn't know it just doesn't make sense to me, but, all right, I get to do this way. Of two, look at the Python expressions below What do you think, if we run it, what do you think we'll get when we run it, when you've made your prediction, uncomment the code and run it to see? It's the list. What? You get me two. Yes
What do you think, if we run it, what do you think we'll get when we run it, when you've made your prediction, uncomment the code and run it to see? It's the list. What? You get me two. Yes Yes. Well, I feel like it's just told us in below, it says that it's going to like come back false, false, true, true. Well, if it's greater than true, if it's greater than two, it will be true. If it's less than two, it'll be false. So I think three and four will come back true
Yes. Well, I feel like it's just told us in below, it says that it's going to like come back false, false, true, true. Well, if it's greater than true, if it's greater than two, it will be true. If it's less than two, it'll be false. So I think three and four will come back true One and two will come back false. What? But that's because I read the context below it. It's not because of, uh, Damien, can I hit play? Yeah, yeah, yeah. What? Yeah, yeah, that's why I said what? Right, exactly. Okay. Okay. So tell us you feel, Jen
One and two will come back false. What? But that's because I read the context below it. It's not because of, uh, Damien, can I hit play? Yeah, yeah, yeah. What? Yeah, yeah, that's why I said what? Right, exactly. Okay. Okay. So tell us you feel, Jen Uncomment the code and run this out to see if you were right. I feel like that's why I feel that's kind of what I feel like too because they're it doesn't tell it to do anything
Uncomment the code and run this out to see if you were right. I feel like that's why I feel that's kind of what I feel like too because they're it doesn't tell it to do anything It doesn't say like define anything or do anything, but it's like, I guess, it's like, is this list bigger than the number two in in my mind? Yeah. But I guess it's what's a list and it's an integer. So yeah, yeah
It doesn't say like define anything or do anything, but it's like, I guess, it's like, is this list bigger than the number two in in my mind? Yeah. But I guess it's what's a list and it's an integer. So yeah, yeah So like the, the list, like what if it were, you know, something else is like if it's, you know, an apple, right? Is apple greater than two? And you're like, does that make sense? On the stock market, yes, but no, right? Like it's, it's literally like an apples and oranges type of thing
So like the, the list, like what if it were, you know, something else is like if it's, you know, an apple, right? Is apple greater than two? And you're like, does that make sense? On the stock market, yes, but no, right? Like it's, it's literally like an apples and oranges type of thing Like you can't compare these because a comparison, like a greater than is a comparison, right? So it's saying I can't compare two things if they're not the same type
Like you can't compare these because a comparison, like a greater than is a comparison, right? So it's saying I can't compare two things if they're not the same type Because otherwise, what are we even doing here? So it says I can't compare whether a list is how a list like compares to a, a number. What does that mean? I'm very random. Your camera totally froze. Laura, cool. But yeah, we can hear you perfectly. I just want to give you a heads up
Because otherwise, what are we even doing here? So it says I can't compare whether a list is how a list like compares to a, a number. What does that mean? I'm very random. Your camera totally froze. Laura, cool. But yeah, we can hear you perfectly. I just want to give you a heads up I think it at least froze for me. It did freeze for me too. I just thought she was just doing her best like, um, red light green light impression. And I was like, there you go. Let me, um, turning it off. Turning it back on the age old, the age old one to all the things
I think it at least froze for me. It did freeze for me too. I just thought she was just doing her best like, um, red light green light impression. And I was like, there you go. Let me, um, turning it off. Turning it back on the age old, the age old one to all the things Did you turn it off? So how would we compare to it within the list? You can't, right? You have to make it a list. I would assume. Oh, we can't, we can't ask that because that's part of the question
Did you turn it off? So how would we compare to it within the list? You can't, right? You have to make it a list. I would assume. Oh, we can't, we can't ask that because that's part of the question Yeah, if you go to this, wait, why are we talking about r? What is r? It's another programming language. Is r is not russ, does it? Nope, it's r. Just like c is c, r is r. I guess that's also confusing because it keeps reference to other things
Yeah, if you go to this, wait, why are we talking about r? What is r? It's another programming language. Is r is not russ, does it? Nope, it's r. Just like c is c, r is r. I guess that's also confusing because it keeps reference to other things Like, hey, if you know SQL, which, so the reason that it's asking you, it's like framing everything in terms of SQL and r is because those are data things. And caggles, it entire reason to exist is data. So when people are using caggle to learn something, it's pretty much exclusively
Like, hey, if you know SQL, which, so the reason that it's asking you, it's like framing everything in terms of SQL and r is because those are data things. And caggles, it entire reason to exist is data. So when people are using caggle to learn something, it's pretty much exclusively They are there to learn how to deal with data. So it is probably not the case that they are learning their very first programming language. Oh, you must come with lots of, of information first. And that's fair. I'm going to say that it's fair
They are there to learn how to deal with data. So it is probably not the case that they are learning their very first programming language. Oh, you must come with lots of, of information first. And that's fair. I'm going to say that it's fair I will say like it, it says, did you take this introduction to programming, which at least the majority of the things I feel like we've done so far, is it something that is like, it's a stuff I'm going to stuck on in the current one, not something that's referenced in maybe it is, maybe I just went too far
I will say like it, it says, did you take this introduction to programming, which at least the majority of the things I feel like we've done so far, is it something that is like, it's a stuff I'm going to stuck on in the current one, not something that's referenced in maybe it is, maybe I just went too far But, I recently viewed, okay, learn courses. I'm just wanting to see this is intro to programming. And then somewhere on here is bython. It gets started with Python if you have no current experience. So we didn't do this one, but it did do lists separately
But, I recently viewed, okay, learn courses. I'm just wanting to see this is intro to programming. And then somewhere on here is bython. It gets started with Python if you have no current experience. So we didn't do this one, but it did do lists separately Yeah, so the reason that it's doing that is because, so like I was doing a job interview and they asked me, how would you go about learning? What was it, Java? Because I don't, I don't already know Java
Yeah, so the reason that it's doing that is because, so like I was doing a job interview and they asked me, how would you go about learning? What was it, Java? Because I don't, I don't already know Java And I specifically said, I would look for resources that are written for people who already know how to program in A language. And they just want to learn how to program in this language. So they can build on a lot of these foundational concepts
And I specifically said, I would look for resources that are written for people who already know how to program in A language. And they just want to learn how to program in this language. So they can build on a lot of these foundational concepts Because otherwise, if I go to like free code camp or something, it's going to be assuming that I don't know anything. And so it's going to be taking it really slow and going through it like really fairly, which is exactly what you want if you are learning your very first programming language
Because otherwise, if I go to like free code camp or something, it's going to be assuming that I don't know anything. And so it's going to be taking it really slow and going through it like really fairly, which is exactly what you want if you are learning your very first programming language But it's not what you want if you're learning your second or third or whatever. So it's in my mind anyway, it's fair for Kaggle to have, especially since they do have a foundational programming course
But it's not what you want if you're learning your second or third or whatever. So it's in my mind anyway, it's fair for Kaggle to have, especially since they do have a foundational programming course And they tell you that like that programming course exists, it's fair for them to be going faster and thinking that you already know things because there are prerequisites. Do you have a favorite resource for new learners? I do. It's called Automate the Boring Stuff with Python
And they tell you that like that programming course exists, it's fair for them to be going faster and thinking that you already know things because there are prerequisites. Do you have a favorite resource for new learners? I do. It's called Automate the Boring Stuff with Python Free code camp is good too, but what am I butting about? Oh, it also assumes that you're doing the Python course after you have already done like their whole JavaScript course
Free code camp is good too, but what am I butting about? Oh, it also assumes that you're doing the Python course after you have already done like their whole JavaScript course And so you would already have learned why you can't compare a list and an integer because that's not like a Python specific concept. That's a programming concept. This is the one that I was looking for, builds on intro to programming. Yeah, which yeah, we can go back and do this one
And so you would already have learned why you can't compare a list and an integer because that's not like a Python specific concept. That's a programming concept. This is the one that I was looking for, builds on intro to programming. Yeah, which yeah, we can go back and do this one I just want to say it is very much like me to go like to the hard, the hard route. It's not, it's not nice. I shouldn't do it. So we started, I will say when we restarted this, we did start on Automate the Boring Stuff
I just want to say it is very much like me to go like to the hard, the hard route. It's not, it's not nice. I shouldn't do it. So we started, I will say when we restarted this, we did start on Automate the Boring Stuff It is so much reading before doing to be able to like comprehend and that's why we ended up trying to look for something else. So the one with the issues of I'd rather be trying to do stuff than reading all about it. That's on me
It is so much reading before doing to be able to like comprehend and that's why we ended up trying to look for something else. So the one with the issues of I'd rather be trying to do stuff than reading all about it. That's on me That's on me. So we could flip it and start at the end of each chapter because each chapter of Automate the Boring Stuff has the exercises
That's on me. So we could flip it and start at the end of each chapter because each chapter of Automate the Boring Stuff has the exercises So you have look at the exercise and be like, okay, how do I do this thing? I need to learn about for loops and then you like run up and you like read a little bit and then you go back to the exercise, that kind of thing
So you have look at the exercise and be like, okay, how do I do this thing? I need to learn about for loops and then you like run up and you like read a little bit and then you go back to the exercise, that kind of thing I want to have it open in two tabs so that you're not doing like a zillion hours of scrolling. But that's the kind of the kind of thing that is an option. Or free code camp is awesome. I actually, I have an automated, monthly donation to free code camp because I think that they're so awesome
I want to have it open in two tabs so that you're not doing like a zillion hours of scrolling. But that's the kind of the kind of thing that is an option. Or free code camp is awesome. I actually, I have an automated, monthly donation to free code camp because I think that they're so awesome Not the only thing is, the only thing is that it does assume that you have already learned, like when you're doing Python because free code camp wants you to do their foundational course, their HTML JavaScript course before you do anything else
Not the only thing is, the only thing is that it does assume that you have already learned, like when you're doing Python because free code camp wants you to do their foundational course, their HTML JavaScript course before you do anything else And so when you get to Python, they do assume that you already know why you can't compare a list to an integer. So you can't skip. I feel like that that does make sense. I feel like it's a struggle that you can't learn Python first anywhere. I feel like that's basically the summary
And so when you get to Python, they do assume that you already know why you can't compare a list to an integer. So you can't skip. I feel like that that does make sense. I feel like it's a struggle that you can't learn Python first anywhere. I feel like that's basically the summary Is like code academy where you can start from scratch with Python and what else? Like code dojo, something like that. Code dojo, I think you can pay for it. Okay. Code Academy definitely has a page here, but I think that it doesn't start super early. There's also exorcism
Is like code academy where you can start from scratch with Python and what else? Like code dojo, something like that. Code dojo, I think you can pay for it. Okay. Code Academy definitely has a page here, but I think that it doesn't start super early. There's also exorcism Wow, that's a name right there. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know how to log in yet. Oh, this just looks really fun. This one makes me want to click it really bad. Okay. We're in back and development the smart way. I like that. Okay. Remember, there's some some sort of splash on it. Yeah. Okay
Wow, that's a name right there. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know how to log in yet. Oh, this just looks really fun. This one makes me want to click it really bad. Okay. We're in back and development the smart way. I like that. Okay. Remember, there's some some sort of splash on it. Yeah. Okay Yeah. Okay. I'm going back to this. We've got can't got Laura. So okay. So we can't compare lists to an integer. We can't compare things to other things without them being the same thing. Yeah. Apples and oranges. Cool
Yeah. Okay. I'm going back to this. We've got can't got Laura. So okay. So we can't compare lists to an integer. We can't compare things to other things without them being the same thing. Yeah. Apples and oranges. Cool Cool. So implement a function that reproduces this behavior, returning a lift of billions corresponding to whether or not the corresponding element is greater than n. Def element wise greater than l comma thresh
Cool. So implement a function that reproduces this behavior, returning a lift of billions corresponding to whether or not the corresponding element is greater than n. Def element wise greater than l comma thresh Returning lists of the same length as l where the value of an index i is true if li is greater than thresh and false otherwise. I'm just going to say there's words. So we have to do return because that's once there. I'm returning a list. The same as the false or
Returning lists of the same length as l where the value of an index i is true if li is greater than thresh and false otherwise. I'm just going to say there's words. So we have to do return because that's once there. I'm returning a list. The same as the false or Do we all know what element wise means? No. I just. We are never going to be able to solve this if we don't know. No. I don't know if element wise and maybe that is it is element wise is something that is in the basics. But they haven't talked about. They did. They did
Do we all know what element wise means? No. I just. We are never going to be able to solve this if we don't know. No. I don't know if element wise and maybe that is it is element wise is something that is in the basics. But they haven't talked about. They did. They did They did. They did. Like it's r and python have some libraries like numby and pandas compare each element of the list to two i.e. do an element wise comparison. So that means each element of the list getting compared that means it's element wise. Oh minus cover
They did. They did. Like it's r and python have some libraries like numby and pandas compare each element of the list to two i.e. do an element wise comparison. So that means each element of the list getting compared that means it's element wise. Oh minus cover Oh minus cover. So this is this is what I mean is that because this is assuming that it's not the first time that you're hearing a lot of this stuff it's not supposed to be as frustrating as you're finding it. And so it's totally cool to be like i'm just going to do it the hard way
Oh minus cover. So this is this is what I mean is that because this is assuming that it's not the first time that you're hearing a lot of this stuff it's not supposed to be as frustrating as you're finding it. And so it's totally cool to be like i'm just going to do it the hard way But you just have to sort of constantly remind yourself that you're choosing the path that is this steep instead of the path that is this steep. That's fair
But you just have to sort of constantly remind yourself that you're choosing the path that is this steep instead of the path that is this steep. That's fair That's fair. I feel like I also kind of like want to say i'll put a pen in it right now and then offline try to do the entire thing and then I can be able to say if I did their intro to to coding if it's there. I'm not trying to discourage you at all from doing this one
That's fair. I feel like I also kind of like want to say i'll put a pen in it right now and then offline try to do the entire thing and then I can be able to say if I did their intro to to coding if it's there. I'm not trying to discourage you at all from doing this one I mean at this point i'm perfectly fine doing the text just that's in cool. I also just like want to click demo of the course. Yeah takes two minutes apparently. Smith the code pass the assignment. The gray run button is from your copy
I mean at this point i'm perfectly fine doing the text just that's in cool. I also just like want to click demo of the course. Yeah takes two minutes apparently. Smith the code pass the assignment. The gray run button is from your copy How many buttons? And we've also gave a couple of resources by the way. Yes, that one's right here. And then this is boot.dev the last one that captured my interest. Smith the code we're learning. So maybe you all this gives like prizes. Do you have a paid resource? I don't know
How many buttons? And we've also gave a couple of resources by the way. Yes, that one's right here. And then this is boot.dev the last one that captured my interest. Smith the code we're learning. So maybe you all this gives like prizes. Do you have a paid resource? I don't know Fix your first bug. The combat system and fantasy quest isn't working as a tenant. It appears. The players are gaining health when attacked instead of losing it. Assignment fix the math bug online three. Health after attack equals player health plus sword damage
Fix your first bug. The combat system and fantasy quest isn't working as a tenant. It appears. The players are gaining health when attacked instead of losing it. Assignment fix the math bug online three. Health after attack equals player health plus sword damage So their content is free but the gamification is paid after a certain point. Use assignment use the arrow keys to move. But okay the console is a panel that displays important message like errors or the text output of a program
So their content is free but the gamification is paid after a certain point. Use assignment use the arrow keys to move. But okay the console is a panel that displays important message like errors or the text output of a program If we want to see what's happening in our code we need to print the console by using print function. We'll learn more functions later but for now just know that print function will print anything you put inside its parentheses assignment
If we want to see what's happening in our code we need to print the console by using print function. We'll learn more functions later but for now just know that print function will print anything you put inside its parentheses assignment You will need to tell our new players how to move print the following text to the console an example of the print function. I like that it set an example of what they want us to do. I will say I like this. It's as you can like to collect your own
You will need to tell our new players how to move print the following text to the console an example of the print function. I like that it set an example of what they want us to do. I will say I like this. It's as you can like to collect your own Okay well there are things we can do but what I'm hearing is David it might be a good idea for you and I to talk offline what we want to do going forward if we're going to keep trying hard mode or take a step back and try a different one
Okay well there are things we can do but what I'm hearing is David it might be a good idea for you and I to talk offline what we want to do going forward if we're going to keep trying hard mode or take a step back and try a different one Try one of these many other solutions and see if there's a better way for us to tackle this. Which hard mode if it is I might just be like yo we know enough Python people that if we're going to do hard mode. We might as well just have been run us through the gauntlet
Try one of these many other solutions and see if there's a better way for us to tackle this. Which hard mode if it is I might just be like yo we know enough Python people that if we're going to do hard mode. We might as well just have been run us through the gauntlet Yeah be like yo we're going to rate some dungeons and we need to hire higher-lover people. Like maybe we'll convince Ennsweep to come on the stream sometime too. I'm like Ennsweep's our friend now so you can come hang out too. But make you Laura for walking us through that
Yeah be like yo we're going to rate some dungeons and we need to hire higher-lover people. Like maybe we'll convince Ennsweep to come on the stream sometime too. I'm like Ennsweep's our friend now so you can come hang out too. But make you Laura for walking us through that I feel like that was a good way of understanding where we were struggling to how to break it down a bit but are too. You teach us part of your living. What do you do Ennsweep? I don't know what Ennsweep does either. I'm also excited that I finally get to see you again Laura
I feel like that was a good way of understanding where we were struggling to how to break it down a bit but are too. You teach us part of your living. What do you do Ennsweep? I don't know what Ennsweep does either. I'm also excited that I finally get to see you again Laura It's been like seriously age. Are you wearing clear glasses right now? Clear as opposed to like frames. Clear frame glasses. Oh yeah. They're I guess they're well no they're like gold. I can't. Am I getting close to the camera? I can barely tell. Yes. Oh yeah yeah yeah you nailed it you nailed it
It's been like seriously age. Are you wearing clear glasses right now? Clear as opposed to like frames. Clear frame glasses. Oh yeah. They're I guess they're well no they're like gold. I can't. Am I getting close to the camera? I can barely tell. Yes. Oh yeah yeah yeah you nailed it you nailed it They're just pretty close to my skin tone which is similar to being clear. I'll take it. I'll take it. I'll take it. All right actually clear. I want to see my veins. Yeah. Oh interesting. All right. He's a data scientist
They're just pretty close to my skin tone which is similar to being clear. I'll take it. I'll take it. I'll take it. All right actually clear. I want to see my veins. Yeah. Oh interesting. All right. He's a data scientist Ennsweep we need to talk about like my real job stuff because their stuff I don't understand. And because I work at Ivan and we do data infrastructure stuff. And so I took a pause from like learning these basics like two years ago because I've been working my job almost a year
Ennsweep we need to talk about like my real job stuff because their stuff I don't understand. And because I work at Ivan and we do data infrastructure stuff. And so I took a pause from like learning these basics like two years ago because I've been working my job almost a year It'll be two years in February and it was let's work with learning the basics and work on that stuff to hey you're in data infrastructure now go. I went to hard mode it like super hard mode. So now that I'm like starting grass bit I'm like let's go back but yeah
It'll be two years in February and it was let's work with learning the basics and work on that stuff to hey you're in data infrastructure now go. I went to hard mode it like super hard mode. So now that I'm like starting grass bit I'm like let's go back but yeah Hey do we want to do a shout out for pi pi bay? Tell us about pi bay. It was pi bay. Oh yeah that was great. Um pi bay dot org maybe. Um. Oh what I'm trying to. Not set up to share my screen. I was I was like I'm on it. Let's see. Let's Google pi bay dot org. The who? It's the one
Hey do we want to do a shout out for pi pi bay? Tell us about pi bay. It was pi bay. Oh yeah that was great. Um pi bay dot org maybe. Um. Oh what I'm trying to. Not set up to share my screen. I was I was like I'm on it. Let's see. Let's Google pi bay dot org. The who? It's the one I'm doing direct food dot that by the way. I really think I like boop dot that. I kind of like this is all fun. Even if it's like what I use a level of offline too. Think about it. Um. All right. Yeah. You're one of the organizers. Yeah. So I guess I'm not on the speaker page
I'm doing direct food dot that by the way. I really think I like boop dot that. I kind of like this is all fun. Even if it's like what I use a level of offline too. Think about it. Um. All right. Yeah. You're one of the organizers. Yeah. So I guess I'm not on the speaker page I'm on the about page but you don't need to see me because I'm right here. Um. Yeah. Yeah. So it's September 21st in San Francisco. Tickets are on sale now. Um. Yeah. We've got some good speakers. Um. I think the schedule. It's a nice schedule. Two today. One day. One day. Two tracks. Yeah
I'm on the about page but you don't need to see me because I'm right here. Um. Yeah. Yeah. So it's September 21st in San Francisco. Tickets are on sale now. Um. Yeah. We've got some good speakers. Um. I think the schedule. It's a nice schedule. Two today. One day. One day. Two tracks. Yeah Two tracks. Yeah. Bay Area. I thought it was like a ladies conference. Um. I thought it was. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh my god. I'm going to have to do a tight ladies. Take it. I'm going to have to do it. Oh my god. Even Robbie thought it was like because I was like oh, pi bay
Two tracks. Yeah. Bay Area. I thought it was like a ladies conference. Um. I thought it was. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh my god. I'm going to have to do a tight ladies. Take it. I'm going to have to do it. Oh my god. Even Robbie thought it was like because I was like oh, pi bay Like that's that's really cool. Like that's going to be awesome. That is so great. There we go. There we go. We got a Laura picture right there. Yeah. Okay. Now Lauren, I have to start a second one. It'll be pi bay. I know. Yeah
Like that's that's really cool. Like that's going to be awesome. That is so great. There we go. There we go. We got a Laura picture right there. Yeah. Okay. Now Lauren, I have to start a second one. It'll be pi bay. I know. Yeah I know. Yeah. Because what's better than one conference? Then we're organizing two conferences. Yeah. Two for pi bay bay. Yeah. pi bay. Yeah. Hey, baby. Oh, I knew I knew you were going there. You're welcome. So look, there's all these cool people go check it out because Laura's awesome
I know. Yeah. Because what's better than one conference? Then we're organizing two conferences. Yeah. Two for pi bay bay. Yeah. pi bay. Yeah. Hey, baby. Oh, I knew I knew you were going there. You're welcome. So look, there's all these cool people go check it out because Laura's awesome And go say hi to Laura. Laura, if you're a pipe name person, we definitely have speakers whose names you'll recognize. We have Al Swagger author of Automated Warring Stuff and Marietta, who's currently the chair of Picon, US. So she's organizing the big one
And go say hi to Laura. Laura, if you're a pipe name person, we definitely have speakers whose names you'll recognize. We have Al Swagger author of Automated Warring Stuff and Marietta, who's currently the chair of Picon, US. So she's organizing the big one And yeah, lots of lots of lots of this kind of little fox. Yeah. Play your name with Python. I was like, that sounds fun. Not you were able to conversation. I don't want to type in the chat. And sweet
And yeah, lots of lots of lots of this kind of little fox. Yeah. Play your name with Python. I was like, that sounds fun. Not you were able to conversation. I don't want to type in the chat. And sweet And sweet. What is the podcast that you're talking about? Can you tell me that later? And then please continue, ladies. I'm sorry. No, I please tell us now. No, Laura's telling her. I was doing business. Yeah. Yeah. We've got I get what we're doing
And sweet. What is the podcast that you're talking about? Can you tell me that later? And then please continue, ladies. I'm sorry. No, I please tell us now. No, Laura's telling her. I was doing business. Yeah. Yeah. We've got I get what we're doing I need to get like a better pitch for this conference that I'm organizing because I have never had I have not had anybody ask me live. What is my bed? And it turns out I don't have a really good snappy answer. So here we go. Okay. If we were to say, I'm going to do this. Let's see
I need to get like a better pitch for this conference that I'm organizing because I have never had I have not had anybody ask me live. What is my bed? And it turns out I don't have a really good snappy answer. So here we go. Okay. If we were to say, I'm going to do this. Let's see Let's see. We need to come up with a pitch. Okay. If you are in pie or if you're in pie area, if you are in the Bay area on September 21st, 2024, definitely go check out pie Bay. You might even be able to go around and sing pie Bay Bay to people as you're there. Don't do that
Let's see. We need to come up with a pitch. Okay. If you are in pie or if you're in pie area, if you are in the Bay area on September 21st, 2024, definitely go check out pie Bay. You might even be able to go around and sing pie Bay Bay to people as you're there. Don't do that Don't do that. You will see amazing speakers like who we've been talking about else at Al Swygart for author of Automate the Boarding stuff. And there's so much work. So make sure you buy your tickets. Yep. There you go. Thank you. We talked about it. We got it. Hi. I miss San Francisco
Don't do that. You will see amazing speakers like who we've been talking about else at Al Swygart for author of Automate the Boarding stuff. And there's so much work. So make sure you buy your tickets. Yep. There you go. Thank you. We talked about it. We got it. Hi. I miss San Francisco It's so cool. I miss the beach. I'll be out there. Did you live here? No, it's cool out there. Oh nice. I went to the horrible school. Playing of an art school that's out there. Academy of Art. Oh, okay. Yeah. The one that owns almost every building in San Francisco at this point in teams
It's so cool. I miss the beach. I'll be out there. Did you live here? No, it's cool out there. Oh nice. I went to the horrible school. Playing of an art school that's out there. Academy of Art. Oh, okay. Yeah. The one that owns almost every building in San Francisco at this point in teams Yeah, fair. Yeah. I taught at Cal State East Bay. Oh nice. That's super awesome. Yeah. I think I want their ones, but not their school one. I'm also going to be checking out out back in banter.fm because this podcast is going to be cool. Also, Damien just for context
Yeah, fair. Yeah. I taught at Cal State East Bay. Oh nice. That's super awesome. Yeah. I think I want their ones, but not their school one. I'm also going to be checking out out back in banter.fm because this podcast is going to be cool. Also, Damien just for context Lauren, I had to have like stream twice a week because we had to have this Hellenius Monday's because we kept getting snowed. You're railed. I'm trying to
Lauren, I had to have like stream twice a week because we had to have this Hellenius Monday's because we kept getting snowed. You're railed. I'm trying to I'm trying to. So that's why I'm like, that doesn't sound like all of you're like, oh, hey, like you just like cut it off and went in like seven different directions. I'm like, yeah. Yeah. Yeah
I'm trying to. So that's why I'm like, that doesn't sound like all of you're like, oh, hey, like you just like cut it off and went in like seven different directions. I'm like, yeah. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. So when we were once we had that, then when we were supposed to be doing Python, we could be like, oh, hey, here's a thing we should talk about next time. Like write it down and then back into the Python and then we could get to all of the all like our rabbit trails, cad rabbit trails
Yeah. Yeah. So when we were once we had that, then when we were supposed to be doing Python, we could be like, oh, hey, here's a thing we should talk about next time. Like write it down and then back into the Python and then we could get to all of the all like our rabbit trails, cad rabbit trails Okay. Okay. Yeah. It was miscellaneous Monday. Okay. I like it. Now I know. I will think about implementing that with Jen. Yeah. I do try to do my best, but unfortunately, we're at time. Yeah. I'm going to say, do you want to do you want to have off before you get in trouble? Yeah. I got to
Okay. Okay. Yeah. It was miscellaneous Monday. Okay. I like it. Now I know. I will think about implementing that with Jen. Yeah. I do try to do my best, but unfortunately, we're at time. Yeah. I'm going to say, do you want to do you want to have off before you get in trouble? Yeah. I got to I got to. What's raid people though? That's a really cool. Are you reading? Laura, you're streaming? We'll radio. Yeah. I know. It is what 3 p.m. and I have not eaten today. So I might. Oh, yeah. I was gonna and then got distracted in fact
I got to. What's raid people though? That's a really cool. Are you reading? Laura, you're streaming? We'll radio. Yeah. I know. It is what 3 p.m. and I have not eaten today. So I might. Oh, yeah. I was gonna and then got distracted in fact We're gonna raid a very random one because Dark Go is streaming on AWS. I don't even really know what they're streaming. I think it was open. Oh, no, you can't raid AWS. Just kidding. We're not gonna raid them. What are they? Raid AWS. No, they can turn off the raids, which is fair
We're gonna raid a very random one because Dark Go is streaming on AWS. I don't even really know what they're streaming. I think it was open. Oh, no, you can't raid AWS. Just kidding. We're not gonna raid them. What are they? Raid AWS. No, they can turn off the raids, which is fair Like a lot of people do on Twitch. We could do. We'll do Chris because we do Chris a lot. So. Chris. CM Griffin. Hey, that's literally someone I follow. You guys are doing some two-step. Yeah. Yeah. We'll ride over there. Unless you want to raid. Oh, it's all excited when he said two steps
Like a lot of people do on Twitch. We could do. We'll do Chris because we do Chris a lot. So. Chris. CM Griffin. Hey, that's literally someone I follow. You guys are doing some two-step. Yeah. Yeah. We'll ride over there. Unless you want to raid. Oh, it's all excited when he said two steps Oh, like, we're dancing. I already raided. I already clicked it. I clicked it. I clicked it. We can also
Oh, like, we're dancing. I already raided. I already clicked it. I clicked it. I clicked it. We can also