Click it. Click it. We're live. We're live. We did it. We did it. Yay. We clicked it. We clicked it. We did we did we did the live thing. We did the live thing. Hello, Emily. Welcome to Teach Shandtek and also content. Teach Shandt content. But yeah, that's what we should call this one business Teach and business. There's there's quite a few that we could be calling this one. I love it. I'm really excited to be here
Teach and business. There's there's quite a few that we could be calling this one. I love it. I'm really excited to be here What would you call it? Would you call it? If you're teaching people this kind of stuff, would you call it? What would we be learning about today? What would I be learning about today
What would you call it? Would you call it? If you're teaching people this kind of stuff, would you call it? What would we be learning about today? What would I be learning about today I think a myriad of topics we will probably cover, including probably a little bit of development relations because that's both what we focus on a little bit of influencer and you know thought leadership how to create content and get paid for it
I think a myriad of topics we will probably cover, including probably a little bit of development relations because that's both what we focus on a little bit of influencer and you know thought leadership how to create content and get paid for it And maybe like a little bit of fun. Yay. Awesome. Hey, to start. Who are you, Emily? What are you? Who are you? How does about Emily? Yes, I'm Emily Freeman. Here, I'll do my official intro and then I'll be I'll be me. I'm Emily Freeman. I'm the author of DevOps for dummies
And maybe like a little bit of fun. Yay. Awesome. Hey, to start. Who are you, Emily? What are you? Who are you? How does about Emily? Yes, I'm Emily Freeman. Here, I'll do my official intro and then I'll be I'll be me. I'm Emily Freeman. I'm the author of DevOps for dummies I'm the co author of 97 things. Every cloud engineer should know. I left Amazon. I'm a tech career. As their head of community in December started my own thing with forest, Brazil called Freeman and forest. It's an influencer marketing agency. And prior to Amazon, I was at Microsoft
I'm the co author of 97 things. Every cloud engineer should know. I left Amazon. I'm a tech career. As their head of community in December started my own thing with forest, Brazil called Freeman and forest. It's an influencer marketing agency. And prior to Amazon, I was at Microsoft So I have a tech career sprinkled with massive cloud companies. Nice. And what up, Jay and doing. Thank you for. Yay. So many more people. Okay. I'm glad more and more people are joining
So I have a tech career sprinkled with massive cloud companies. Nice. And what up, Jay and doing. Thank you for. Yay. So many more people. Okay. I'm glad more and more people are joining We are going to be working on a K a me paying attention to all the chats because we are streaming across four platforms. It is a lot. But I was like, I'm not nervous. It's Emily. So of course we had to, you know, like make sure people could actually see it and ask questions
We are going to be working on a K a me paying attention to all the chats because we are streaming across four platforms. It is a lot. But I was like, I'm not nervous. It's Emily. So of course we had to, you know, like make sure people could actually see it and ask questions And please don't mind my dogs in the background. They are trapped in the room with me. Wait, why are they trapped in a room? I feel like there's a story there, Jen. My partner is traveling right now and he's normally home. He's like the one that like handles the dogs will at work
And please don't mind my dogs in the background. They are trapped in the room with me. Wait, why are they trapped in a room? I feel like there's a story there, Jen. My partner is traveling right now and he's normally home. He's like the one that like handles the dogs will at work And he is in Denver right now, actually for work. And so I need to keep them with me without destroying the house. So it's very. Oh, I like the nitpicking. Let's see. Let's see if my mic is set to the right one. Great call. No, it is not. Thank you for that. Jay. Let's see where
And he is in Denver right now, actually for work. And so I need to keep them with me without destroying the house. So it's very. Oh, I like the nitpicking. Let's see. Let's see if my mic is set to the right one. Great call. No, it is not. Thank you for that. Jay. Let's see where Let's see where. Why is my mic working? My mic is just going. Why my why? Oh, probably because I moved you. Technology was a mistake. What are we doing? Technology. That is what happens. Okay, so anybody wanted to know. Technology is some time our friend. Oh, oh, we got it
Let's see where. Why is my mic working? My mic is just going. Why my why? Oh, probably because I moved you. Technology was a mistake. What are we doing? Technology. That is what happens. Okay, so anybody wanted to know. Technology is some time our friend. Oh, oh, we got it Oh, oh, we got it. When it works, it works when it doesn't. It doesn't. It's a better audio. Oh, that's sweet audio. Cut. Damn. Yay. We got the better. Oh, my God. That's sweet. I was like, oh, now we're on the radio. Like this is. Yeah. Yeah. Matty is really cool, Mike
Oh, oh, we got it. When it works, it works when it doesn't. It doesn't. It's a better audio. Oh, that's sweet audio. Cut. Damn. Yay. We got the better. Oh, my God. That's sweet. I was like, oh, now we're on the radio. Like this is. Yeah. Yeah. Matty is really cool, Mike Can you teach me your ways when we get off? Cause I need. Yeah. I need. I need a better. I mean, we can assess my audio too. Like, I don't know. Maybe I'm terrible at this. But. Yeah. I could be something we let we talk about later on. And y'all, we had a lot of questions for this
Can you teach me your ways when we get off? Cause I need. Yeah. I need. I need a better. I mean, we can assess my audio too. Like, I don't know. Maybe I'm terrible at this. But. Yeah. I could be something we let we talk about later on. And y'all, we had a lot of questions for this This might be like. More than one part series because there are so many questions. But. I mean, I think that's one thing that we got the official recap of who you are. But what is the not turn on the the ad per version of Emily? I love that. Who is Emily? I mean, first and foremost, I'm a mom
This might be like. More than one part series because there are so many questions. But. I mean, I think that's one thing that we got the official recap of who you are. But what is the not turn on the the ad per version of Emily? I love that. Who is Emily? I mean, first and foremost, I'm a mom I like. I think a lot about. I mean, there was a like a obituary. I read recently. I forget who who was about. But it was all about their like career and their contributions to tech. And it's not that that wasn't valuable
I like. I think a lot about. I mean, there was a like a obituary. I read recently. I forget who who was about. But it was all about their like career and their contributions to tech. And it's not that that wasn't valuable But I was just overwhelmed with like, that is not what I want my funeral to be about. Like, let this be the least interesting thing about me. So yeah, like, I mean, my daughter Clara is the most important thing to me in the world
But I was just overwhelmed with like, that is not what I want my funeral to be about. Like, let this be the least interesting thing about me. So yeah, like, I mean, my daughter Clara is the most important thing to me in the world I, you know, I value friendship and human connection above everything else. And tech has been an incredible medium through which I was able to make more and more of those connections. And, you know, I feel like I've been a part of so many incredible communities
I, you know, I value friendship and human connection above everything else. And tech has been an incredible medium through which I was able to make more and more of those connections. And, you know, I feel like I've been a part of so many incredible communities But yeah, I mean, first and foremost, I'm just like a person who's doing their best and sometimes stumbling through life. I feel like we're all stumbling through life. I would agree with that. There are many times where I'm going. And then you wouldn't like doing it
But yeah, I mean, first and foremost, I'm just like a person who's doing their best and sometimes stumbling through life. I feel like we're all stumbling through life. I would agree with that. There are many times where I'm going. And then you wouldn't like doing it And like, in the end, that is, that has been a big part of our calls. Well, thank you for sharing a bit about who you are. Who and what, I guess what is free minimum force, but it's a name. Who is free minimum for? I know
And like, in the end, that is, that has been a big part of our calls. Well, thank you for sharing a bit about who you are. Who and what, I guess what is free minimum force, but it's a name. Who is free minimum for? I know Okay, so I'll go into the company and then I also go into the name because the name is so funny and how people react to it. So to step all the way back, I left Amazon in December and I was toast, like completely burnt out. And we can talk about burnout
Okay, so I'll go into the company and then I also go into the name because the name is so funny and how people react to it. So to step all the way back, I left Amazon in December and I was toast, like completely burnt out. And we can talk about burnout That's its own separate topic that I know and an expert in. But I thought like January, okay, I'm going to take this break. I'm going to write. I'm going to do all this stuff. You were a firsthand witness to these these goals and ambitions
That's its own separate topic that I know and an expert in. But I thought like January, okay, I'm going to take this break. I'm going to write. I'm going to do all this stuff. You were a firsthand witness to these these goals and ambitions And then my immune system and body and soul just like, no dog. Like, we're not, we're not going to be doing any of that in a way we're done. And so I spent like five months just basically doing nothing. I mean, completely resting
And then my immune system and body and soul just like, no dog. Like, we're not, we're not going to be doing any of that in a way we're done. And so I spent like five months just basically doing nothing. I mean, completely resting So I definitely filled it with activity because I don't know how to sit still and that's a whole other thing around like, how do you actually sit still in our society. It's really hard. We're expected to constantly be moving, constantly be doing things, constantly achieving
So I definitely filled it with activity because I don't know how to sit still and that's a whole other thing around like, how do you actually sit still in our society. It's really hard. We're expected to constantly be moving, constantly be doing things, constantly achieving And when you're not doing anything, it's like, who are you? What is your value? Like, these are the questions I was, I was kind of going through. But in that time, Forest, Brazil was at Google, kind of like in similar role as I was at Amazon
And when you're not doing anything, it's like, who are you? What is your value? Like, these are the questions I was, I was kind of going through. But in that time, Forest, Brazil was at Google, kind of like in similar role as I was at Amazon And he left and we were talking about starting a podcast, which we might do at some point. Also, but we were both sort of like helping a few companies of various things. And for us is like, I think I have an idea for a company
And he left and we were talking about starting a podcast, which we might do at some point. Also, but we were both sort of like helping a few companies of various things. And for us is like, I think I have an idea for a company I'm like, okay, what is it? And so he pitches this influencer marketing agency. Okay, you think people would pay for that? Like I mean, it's like, it's like Forest founded a company with chicken little. I'm just like, I don't know. What day? And it turns out they do. I mean, this is a huge problem
I'm like, okay, what is it? And so he pitches this influencer marketing agency. Okay, you think people would pay for that? Like I mean, it's like, it's like Forest founded a company with chicken little. I'm just like, I don't know. What day? And it turns out they do. I mean, this is a huge problem And I should have known better because, you know, I've worked at companies who needed to hire various content creators, influencers, thought leaders. However, you want to describe them in the industry to write content to actually speak on products or highlight products within their various assets
And I should have known better because, you know, I've worked at companies who needed to hire various content creators, influencers, thought leaders. However, you want to describe them in the industry to write content to actually speak on products or highlight products within their various assets And asset would be like a social platform, a newsletter, a podcast, etc. A stream. So yeah, we got started. And it's been a rocket ship. I have to say I am completely humbled blown away, shocked, overjoyed, mildly panicking about how much work we've, we've gotten
And asset would be like a social platform, a newsletter, a podcast, etc. A stream. So yeah, we got started. And it's been a rocket ship. I have to say I am completely humbled blown away, shocked, overjoyed, mildly panicking about how much work we've, we've gotten So at its basic Freeman of Forest is an influencer marketing agency. We connect businesses with content creators in tech. And part of one of the biggest reasons. I, so I part of what Emily and I talk about during our calls is, hey, learn how to do devilily things, different ways of doing things
So at its basic Freeman of Forest is an influencer marketing agency. We connect businesses with content creators in tech. And part of one of the biggest reasons. I, so I part of what Emily and I talk about during our calls is, hey, learn how to do devilily things, different ways of doing things The ADHD overwhelm that will happen. And I'll go, hey, I need to do this. And there's like so many ways of doing this. And I don't even know how to. I don't what. And one thing that Emily has has mentioned of like how to start breaking down concepts and
The ADHD overwhelm that will happen. And I'll go, hey, I need to do this. And there's like so many ways of doing this. And I don't even know how to. I don't what. And one thing that Emily has has mentioned of like how to start breaking down concepts and Yeah, I'll make fun of me for this, but learn with Jason Jason, because I always mess up Jason's last name. So, oh, I'm sorry. I'm always like it's Jason, the learn with Jason Jason Jason. Jason L. I go to Jason L
Yeah, I'll make fun of me for this, but learn with Jason Jason, because I always mess up Jason's last name. So, oh, I'm sorry. I'm always like it's Jason, the learn with Jason Jason Jason. Jason L. I go to Jason L I go to Jason L. Like, I, and see again, I don't even remember what the phrase is, because I think water buffalo, but that is also not the phrase of. I love your brain so much. Because he has this thing of how you like break down content and repurpose it multiple times
I go to Jason L. Like, I, and see again, I don't even remember what the phrase is, because I think water buffalo, but that is also not the phrase of. I love your brain so much. Because he has this thing of how you like break down content and repurpose it multiple times Again, it's learn with Jason Jason water buffalo. And thank you, Anthony, for saying that it's the buffalo stick. Got it. Okay. Sorry, not sorry Jason. That's amazing. And this will be the forever use the whole water buffalo stick. But like that's been in my head for so long
Again, it's learn with Jason Jason water buffalo. And thank you, Anthony, for saying that it's the buffalo stick. Got it. Okay. Sorry, not sorry Jason. That's amazing. And this will be the forever use the whole water buffalo stick. But like that's been in my head for so long And a lot of times for myself, if I'm working on my own content, it's harder. I get really, really stuck on how do you do that? And Emily's been talking about like premium forest and learning something that we got started with when we first started talking was. How to do tech talks
And a lot of times for myself, if I'm working on my own content, it's harder. I get really, really stuck on how do you do that? And Emily's been talking about like premium forest and learning something that we got started with when we first started talking was. How to do tech talks And taking notes on doing that. And I was like, yo, can I ask you all these questions on stream and work on making them into TikToks and maybe a blog or see if we can do some water buffalo sticks. And look at us now. Achieving something. Yeah
And taking notes on doing that. And I was like, yo, can I ask you all these questions on stream and work on making them into TikToks and maybe a blog or see if we can do some water buffalo sticks. And look at us now. Achieving something. Yeah Yeah. And yes, I'm going back to a few of the questions because I'm seeing them come in from all the different platforms. Oh, let me talk about the name because I figured I failed to do that. Yes
Yeah. And yes, I'm going back to a few of the questions because I'm seeing them come in from all the different platforms. Oh, let me talk about the name because I figured I failed to do that. Yes Yes. It sounds I think most people hear Freeman and forest, which by the way, I had to buy forest and Freeman.com to because we have both messed up the order of this so many times. But Freeman and forest, it sounds like a lawyer, a law firm and a county firm
Yes. It sounds I think most people hear Freeman and forest, which by the way, I had to buy forest and Freeman.com to because we have both messed up the order of this so many times. But Freeman and forest, it sounds like a lawyer, a law firm and a county firm And that's sort of on purpose, right, because one, this shouldn't be the most exciting part of the process, right. Our job is to make connections and to make sure that the content creators can really shine and that our customers products shine
And that's sort of on purpose, right, because one, this shouldn't be the most exciting part of the process, right. Our job is to make connections and to make sure that the content creators can really shine and that our customers products shine We should be the least interesting thing about this process. And we're seeking our reputations on this, right. I feel so strongly about doing this right and making sure that everyone wins that I'm putting my name on it
We should be the least interesting thing about this process. And we're seeking our reputations on this, right. I feel so strongly about doing this right and making sure that everyone wins that I'm putting my name on it I don't, I don't want every any customer to think that I'm taking this lightly or doing the bare minimum, like my whole reputation is on this
I don't, I don't want every any customer to think that I'm taking this lightly or doing the bare minimum, like my whole reputation is on this And I'm going to do the very best job I can to represent their brand and protect their brand, while also connecting the dots and making sure that the community gets the best possible content. I like that
And I'm going to do the very best job I can to represent their brand and protect their brand, while also connecting the dots and making sure that the community gets the best possible content. I like that I like that. And also, because I'm very stuck on this, how did you come up with Freeman and forest, because it's your last name and for us is first name. And I just, I don't know why I found that so funny from the beginning. Both forests and I prefer a iteration over consistency
I like that. And also, because I'm very stuck on this, how did you come up with Freeman and forest, because it's your last name and for us is first name. And I just, I don't know why I found that so funny from the beginning. Both forests and I prefer a iteration over consistency So it's like great F and F. That's awesome. I think for we thought about doing our first names, then honestly, it sounds like a wedding. It's like a forest in Emily, like it's like and that is kind of more funny because forest wife name wife's name is actually Emily
So it's like great F and F. That's awesome. I think for we thought about doing our first names, then honestly, it sounds like a wedding. It's like a forest in Emily, like it's like and that is kind of more funny because forest wife name wife's name is actually Emily But yeah, we go for a iteration above anything else. I love a iteration. That's awesome. I, AJ, see web dev that's in the chat is one of the first people that was ever on the live stream. And he, his then girlfriend, then fiance now wife, her name is Jen. Yes
But yeah, we go for a iteration above anything else. I love a iteration. That's awesome. I, AJ, see web dev that's in the chat is one of the first people that was ever on the live stream. And he, his then girlfriend, then fiance now wife, her name is Jen. Yes Yes. So I'm like the very first stream was like, this is Jen, not my girlfriend Jen. Exactly. Different Jen. Different Jen. And, and, and thank you for that
Yes. So I'm like the very first stream was like, this is Jen, not my girlfriend Jen. Exactly. Different Jen. Different Jen. And, and, and thank you for that I think something that a lot of people from the, like because the really cool thing about at least with that I've seen with my channel as well as a lot of the people that follow both you and I is we have two different markets of people that that follow us of, okay, there's probably very many more
I think something that a lot of people from the, like because the really cool thing about at least with that I've seen with my channel as well as a lot of the people that follow both you and I is we have two different markets of people that that follow us of, okay, there's probably very many more And then the two to focus on is like the business decision makers and then the content creators and a question that comes to mind is why would businesses reach out to influencers or content creators why why not make it in house why why is this like a thing to even try to find influencers
And then the two to focus on is like the business decision makers and then the content creators and a question that comes to mind is why would businesses reach out to influencers or content creators why why not make it in house why why is this like a thing to even try to find influencers And then the other thing that I love is question and it's still multi layered. So I will go in no particular order. One of the challenges I faced both at Microsoft and at Amazon was trying to reach people who were not already bought into the company, right
And then the other thing that I love is question and it's still multi layered. So I will go in no particular order. One of the challenges I faced both at Microsoft and at Amazon was trying to reach people who were not already bought into the company, right It's easy to maintain relationships now companies still mess it up
It's easy to maintain relationships now companies still mess it up But generally speaking, it's a much smaller lift to maintain the relationships with people who are already brought into your product already fans already show up at your first party events, meaning the, you know, the reinvents, the builds, that type of company sponsored conference
But generally speaking, it's a much smaller lift to maintain the relationships with people who are already brought into your product already fans already show up at your first party events, meaning the, you know, the reinvents, the builds, that type of company sponsored conference And then it is to reach new people in part because you have to go where they are right these people are not bought into your properties or your content so they're not coming. You know to Amazon.com well they're going but not for the not for eight of us. And so none of us can escape the Amazon
And then it is to reach new people in part because you have to go where they are right these people are not bought into your properties or your content so they're not coming. You know to Amazon.com well they're going but not for the not for eight of us. And so none of us can escape the Amazon And now they bought my grocery store and I'm just really upset about it, but it's fine. That's all the topic. So you have to kind of reach out to people who are in different communities and and how they access information is completely unique based on where they're at
And now they bought my grocery store and I'm just really upset about it, but it's fine. That's all the topic. So you have to kind of reach out to people who are in different communities and and how they access information is completely unique based on where they're at So they're consuming newsletters. They're obviously on typically a social media network that's Twitter, a refuse to call that's that's linked in. And so I'm listening to podcasts there, you know, watching streams, they're watching videos on YouTube
So they're consuming newsletters. They're obviously on typically a social media network that's Twitter, a refuse to call that's that's linked in. And so I'm listening to podcasts there, you know, watching streams, they're watching videos on YouTube When I have to learn something new YouTube is where I go that's, you know, I love learning from people teaching me and talking to me. So video is what works really well for for me for that. But when you're at these companies, a lot of times they have developer relations teams
When I have to learn something new YouTube is where I go that's, you know, I love learning from people teaching me and talking to me. So video is what works really well for for me for that. But when you're at these companies, a lot of times they have developer relations teams And that's so important right like we are not replacing developer relations. I don't care about that. I've gotten on calls with folks and there was like a very defensive vibe and like I'm not coming. I have spent a decade plus building developer relations into
And that's so important right like we are not replacing developer relations. I don't care about that. I've gotten on calls with folks and there was like a very defensive vibe and like I'm not coming. I have spent a decade plus building developer relations into I hope a better place than it was when I started. I am not looking to end this, this specialty. But it's an addendum, right? You know, when you're working in developer relations, Jim, you know this
I hope a better place than it was when I started. I am not looking to end this, this specialty. But it's an addendum, right? You know, when you're working in developer relations, Jim, you know this The front line is far as the deepest knowledge on your specific products, understanding where it fits in in the market, understanding why customers would use it for a specific reason, connecting those dots
The front line is far as the deepest knowledge on your specific products, understanding where it fits in in the market, understanding why customers would use it for a specific reason, connecting those dots But reaching out beyond our sort of I call it the solar system, right? Like if within my my reach. I have I have a large bubble, but there is an edge to that bubble
But reaching out beyond our sort of I call it the solar system, right? Like if within my my reach. I have I have a large bubble, but there is an edge to that bubble I cannot go beyond that bubble, right? And I think we all have that and it's it's about accelerating our content and reaching new folks. And you need those types of external influencers to do that, I think
I cannot go beyond that bubble, right? And I think we all have that and it's it's about accelerating our content and reaching new folks. And you need those types of external influencers to do that, I think You brought up a great sub question of what is the difference between developer relations versus influencers? Because if if it's not to replace developer advocates, which there's the complexity of that means something different is so many different companies and so many different roles
You brought up a great sub question of what is the difference between developer relations versus influencers? Because if if it's not to replace developer advocates, which there's the complexity of that means something different is so many different companies and so many different roles But like what would you say the biggest difference between developer relations and influencers are? Yeah, and just to know there's definitely even diagram, right? Like Kamala Harris, I love him and diagram. And I think you have to look at, you know, there are there's definitely an overlap
But like what would you say the biggest difference between developer relations and influencers are? Yeah, and just to know there's definitely even diagram, right? Like Kamala Harris, I love him and diagram. And I think you have to look at, you know, there are there's definitely an overlap And I would say the biggest difference is that anchoring of your day to day job. When I was at Microsoft, I focused mostly on Azure DevOps and infrastructure as code and really kind of highlighting what people needed and how they could utilize Azure for that purpose
And I would say the biggest difference is that anchoring of your day to day job. When I was at Microsoft, I focused mostly on Azure DevOps and infrastructure as code and really kind of highlighting what people needed and how they could utilize Azure for that purpose But I was I had never used Azure DevOps outside of my employment at Microsoft. And I would say that that is relatively common if you're in developer relations, you you get a role is not always right sometimes people are really passionate about a product and end up at that company
But I was I had never used Azure DevOps outside of my employment at Microsoft. And I would say that that is relatively common if you're in developer relations, you you get a role is not always right sometimes people are really passionate about a product and end up at that company But for me, you know, I was hired to do a role and then I sort of learned the product and went from there. Obviously, there's a skill set before that you have to be able to connect with people. I did indeed work on a deal
But for me, you know, I was hired to do a role and then I sort of learned the product and went from there. Obviously, there's a skill set before that you have to be able to connect with people. I did indeed work on a deal And so, you know, you have to have a sort of understanding of how people would actually utilize this without that connection back to the company branding, right? Anytime you work at a company, you have to there are limits to what you can actually say within your employment, right
And so, you know, you have to have a sort of understanding of how people would actually utilize this without that connection back to the company branding, right? Anytime you work at a company, you have to there are limits to what you can actually say within your employment, right And I think part of the friction with developer relations that I have experienced and where we have lost power in this market is it used to be that developer relations had enough power and organizations to really push back on leadership and product and say no, this is this is what we need to say or no, this is going to hurt you in the community and there was just so much
And I think part of the friction with developer relations that I have experienced and where we have lost power in this market is it used to be that developer relations had enough power and organizations to really push back on leadership and product and say no, this is this is what we need to say or no, this is going to hurt you in the community and there was just so much I felt a lot more power and capacity to protect communities than I did when I eventually left in December. And I think, you know, we're all fighting the good fight and I had a lot of privilege to be able to leave
I felt a lot more power and capacity to protect communities than I did when I eventually left in December. And I think, you know, we're all fighting the good fight and I had a lot of privilege to be able to leave But I think right now there's a there's a friction and attention there that we're just kind of figuring out. And so that's part of it, right? Like you do have limitations when you're in developer relations
But I think right now there's a there's a friction and attention there that we're just kind of figuring out. And so that's part of it, right? Like you do have limitations when you're in developer relations So me, the primary difference is when you are working in dev realm, you are going to be so focused on that product going to be the technical expert in that product and then you want to expand beyond your reach and the reach of your team
So me, the primary difference is when you are working in dev realm, you are going to be so focused on that product going to be the technical expert in that product and then you want to expand beyond your reach and the reach of your team I mean, you you look at folks once you kind of bought in on a product, you're going to again hit the edges of your audience pretty quickly, right
I mean, you you look at folks once you kind of bought in on a product, you're going to again hit the edges of your audience pretty quickly, right And so what the influencers, the external influences are able to do is actually promote the content that developer relations teams are doing and extend that sort of feedback loop extend that reach
And so what the influencers, the external influences are able to do is actually promote the content that developer relations teams are doing and extend that sort of feedback loop extend that reach So that you're connecting with developers and technical audiences way beyond the bubbles of each individual advocate. Does that make sense? It does
So that you're connecting with developers and technical audiences way beyond the bubbles of each individual advocate. Does that make sense? It does And if I give it the very, very, I'll say the very basics of the recap what comes to mind is developer relations and when they're working for a company is, for example, they're going to show
And if I give it the very, very, I'll say the very basics of the recap what comes to mind is developer relations and when they're working for a company is, for example, they're going to show How you make content work for that product where an influencer will say, hey, this is how you make this product work with a completely different product and how they may work well together or how they work well in the ecosystem. Yes, definitely
How you make content work for that product where an influencer will say, hey, this is how you make this product work with a completely different product and how they may work well together or how they work well in the ecosystem. Yes, definitely And you just have different perspectives, right? Even in this role, I am more energized about tech than I have been in five years because I know more about what's going on in the broader industry than I did when I was in the sort of silos of both Microsoft and Amazon, right
And you just have different perspectives, right? Even in this role, I am more energized about tech than I have been in five years because I know more about what's going on in the broader industry than I did when I was in the sort of silos of both Microsoft and Amazon, right So those companies are so large that it's very difficult to see beyond when you're in it
So those companies are so large that it's very difficult to see beyond when you're in it And now it's like I get to hear from startups and what they're doing. Some AI is nonsense, but there's some really cool stuff going on as well. I just feel so excited about what is actually taking place and hearing from, you know, different companies working on things. It's kind of great
And now it's like I get to hear from startups and what they're doing. Some AI is nonsense, but there's some really cool stuff going on as well. I just feel so excited about what is actually taking place and hearing from, you know, different companies working on things. It's kind of great It's kind of great. Like I feel very energized about our industry right now. Yay. Yeah, that's always good to hear because I feel like it can be sometimes we get stuck in the loop of things can be so negative. So I like hearing the positive side of things
It's kind of great. Like I feel very energized about our industry right now. Yay. Yeah, that's always good to hear because I feel like it can be sometimes we get stuck in the loop of things can be so negative. So I like hearing the positive side of things How do you? It sounds like you've had a huge lift in companies reaching out to you going like this is the coolest shit ever. Let's go. Yeah. How do you find influencers and then how do you decide to match them? Yes. Okay. So that is the sort of magic
How do you? It sounds like you've had a huge lift in companies reaching out to you going like this is the coolest shit ever. Let's go. Yeah. How do you find influencers and then how do you decide to match them? Yes. Okay. So that is the sort of magic We are very focused on connecting companies with audiences and communities aligned to their niche, their technical focus, their use case. And so we focus on high impact high value impressions by that
We are very focused on connecting companies with audiences and communities aligned to their niche, their technical focus, their use case. And so we focus on high impact high value impressions by that I mean, people like we want to make placements where the audience is actually going to be interested in this product, use this product product or purchase this product, depending on where they are in the, you know, buying power
I mean, people like we want to make placements where the audience is actually going to be interested in this product, use this product product or purchase this product, depending on where they are in the, you know, buying power And we can get higher reach and higher impressions by just blanketing a bunch of different podcasts, newsletters. There are some very large newsletters out there that have big, big, big numbers. But we have found are actually, you know, zero calorie impressions
And we can get higher reach and higher impressions by just blanketing a bunch of different podcasts, newsletters. There are some very large newsletters out there that have big, big, big numbers. But we have found are actually, you know, zero calorie impressions They don't actually do anything for the company. So we really work on focusing between, okay, this isn't not only this area of tech. I've been picking on artificial intelligence. I'll pick on DevOps or platform engineering
They don't actually do anything for the company. So we really work on focusing between, okay, this isn't not only this area of tech. I've been picking on artificial intelligence. I'll pick on DevOps or platform engineering But then we go and find influencers who are not only experts in that area because the best content creators, the best influencers are simply just subject matter experts, who also, you know, learn in public and speak about what they're learning and write content or, or create content in some way
But then we go and find influencers who are not only experts in that area because the best content creators, the best influencers are simply just subject matter experts, who also, you know, learn in public and speak about what they're learning and write content or, or create content in some way And so we reach out to folks within that skill set who are experts and who have the right sort of audience for that. Obviously size is important to some, to some degree, right. You have to be able to reach a particular number of people before it's, it's really worth sponsoring
And so we reach out to folks within that skill set who are experts and who have the right sort of audience for that. Obviously size is important to some, to some degree, right. You have to be able to reach a particular number of people before it's, it's really worth sponsoring But we work with some pretty tiny newsletters that just have really engaged audiences. And that's how we really connect from there. So we're not just blanketing
But we work with some pretty tiny newsletters that just have really engaged audiences. And that's how we really connect from there. So we're not just blanketing We don't take placements and then just, you know, put them wherever we really think about, okay, who is the best influencer for this? We reach out to that influencer
We don't take placements and then just, you know, put them wherever we really think about, okay, who is the best influencer for this? We reach out to that influencer Do you feel comfortable with this? We have a newsletter I love placing with diversify tech is, you know, really one of their boundaries and one of their, you know, criteria is that they vet every company for what they believe to be ethical and responsible employment and work
Do you feel comfortable with this? We have a newsletter I love placing with diversify tech is, you know, really one of their boundaries and one of their, you know, criteria is that they vet every company for what they believe to be ethical and responsible employment and work So it sends that ahead of time is this company you're comfortable with. It is we ship it if it's not we don't. And so that's really special to right because it's not, it's not this like faceless ad campaign
So it sends that ahead of time is this company you're comfortable with. It is we ship it if it's not we don't. And so that's really special to right because it's not, it's not this like faceless ad campaign It's really kind of engaging with the community with content creators and doing this in a really ethical and responsible way that I hope brings more value to the community in a larger context. Thank you that you're great at leading into other questions
It's really kind of engaging with the community with content creators and doing this in a really ethical and responsible way that I hope brings more value to the community in a larger context. Thank you that you're great at leading into other questions I think that's like a super bar because you've done it so many times of it. You mentioned earlier that, you know, do possibly doing like a lot of ads or just going on a ton of different platforms and getting, trying to get awareness there brand awareness there
I think that's like a super bar because you've done it so many times of it. You mentioned earlier that, you know, do possibly doing like a lot of ads or just going on a ton of different platforms and getting, trying to get awareness there brand awareness there What you mentioned the term like zero calorie. And from my understanding that means that, you know, it's something that doesn't have a lot of value. It could take time. It may be high cost or cost and time or one or the other. How do you find, how do you measure calories? I love this
What you mentioned the term like zero calorie. And from my understanding that means that, you know, it's something that doesn't have a lot of value. It could take time. It may be high cost or cost and time or one or the other. How do you find, how do you measure calories? I love this It depends on the campaign, right? So when we meet with a new, you know, customer or potential client. We go over what they actually want to get out of it. Typically there are three styles of engagement. One is just an awareness campaign, a brand lift. You are getting folks
It depends on the campaign, right? So when we meet with a new, you know, customer or potential client. We go over what they actually want to get out of it. Typically there are three styles of engagement. One is just an awareness campaign, a brand lift. You are getting folks I'm out really, really quick. Yeah. Campaign because that term, when I think of it, I'm like, D&D, let's go or Diablo or video games. Oh, we're doing things. But in marketing, a lot of times campaign means there name, it's a strategy specifically for an item
I'm out really, really quick. Yeah. Campaign because that term, when I think of it, I'm like, D&D, let's go or Diablo or video games. Oh, we're doing things. But in marketing, a lot of times campaign means there name, it's a strategy specifically for an item So like you were mentioning about brand awareness. So they may name a campaign. Freement and forest. 2025. And that can be a campaign that is a year long. That meaning that that is there going to be tracking numbers within that year for under that campaign
So like you were mentioning about brand awareness. So they may name a campaign. Freement and forest. 2025. And that can be a campaign that is a year long. That meaning that that is there going to be tracking numbers within that year for under that campaign And there can be sub campaigns like breaking it out per quarter or per project or campaigns is a very complex thing by itself. And hopefully that gives you a very brief synopsis of what campaigns are, please continue. Yes
And there can be sub campaigns like breaking it out per quarter or per project or campaigns is a very complex thing by itself. And hopefully that gives you a very brief synopsis of what campaigns are, please continue. Yes Yes. I would say in our context, a campaign is a focused use of resources to achieve an outcome within a timeframe. And so, you know, with influencer marketing
Yes. I would say in our context, a campaign is a focused use of resources to achieve an outcome within a timeframe. And so, you know, with influencer marketing And I wrote a white paper that kind of has a layout of what a whole marketing strategy would look like and where we kind of fit into that, that placement. And then back to your point, like a campaign is really around what are we trying to achieve, when are we trying to achieve it
And I wrote a white paper that kind of has a layout of what a whole marketing strategy would look like and where we kind of fit into that, that placement. And then back to your point, like a campaign is really around what are we trying to achieve, when are we trying to achieve it And then also, you know, there's this element of how many resources are we going to put behind that. And that's both actual money, but also resources as far as, you know, these influencer campaigns, if you do them in house, often require at least one full time employee
And then also, you know, there's this element of how many resources are we going to put behind that. And that's both actual money, but also resources as far as, you know, these influencer campaigns, if you do them in house, often require at least one full time employee And so, going back to campaigns, when we're talking about, you know, the awareness campaign that brand lift. These are typically companies that are relatively new. They have that sort of like fit they understand where they are in the market. And they need to then just reach more people
And so, going back to campaigns, when we're talking about, you know, the awareness campaign that brand lift. These are typically companies that are relatively new. They have that sort of like fit they understand where they are in the market. And they need to then just reach more people And also includes companies like awesome companies that are just outside the US market and want to reach an American audience. So we work with some incredible European companies, companies in Latin America, and beyond where they're just really focused on how can we reach developers within the US
And also includes companies like awesome companies that are just outside the US market and want to reach an American audience. So we work with some incredible European companies, companies in Latin America, and beyond where they're just really focused on how can we reach developers within the US And we make placements from there. So, an engagement campaign, this is the least sort of popular right now. I've seen it be more popular in the past. And I think it's a reflection of just where we are in the, what do they call it macro economic conditions
And we make placements from there. So, an engagement campaign, this is the least sort of popular right now. I've seen it be more popular in the past. And I think it's a reflection of just where we are in the, what do they call it macro economic conditions And so, I'm so tired of hearing that phrase. I was like, stop it. Just call it what it is. But I think when you're talking about an engagement campaign, it's really getting folks to engage in your content. You know, these are the likes, the reposts, the comments, the reshairs
And so, I'm so tired of hearing that phrase. I was like, stop it. Just call it what it is. But I think when you're talking about an engagement campaign, it's really getting folks to engage in your content. You know, these are the likes, the reposts, the comments, the reshairs That is what's really going to get people just engaged with your brand and buying into that trust. Right. I think when you're looking at this all sorts of sales funnels and things like that, you'll hear the word funnel forever
That is what's really going to get people just engaged with your brand and buying into that trust. Right. I think when you're looking at this all sorts of sales funnels and things like that, you'll hear the word funnel forever It's really about how do you take a big audience and really get to a purchase, essentially. But you, I think something that always gets missed with companies is that trust element. You have to know a company exists and be aware of it
It's really about how do you take a big audience and really get to a purchase, essentially. But you, I think something that always gets missed with companies is that trust element. You have to know a company exists and be aware of it But then before you, certainly before you buy, but also before you take advice from them, at least for me, I want to trust not only that they're real, that they're experts in what they're talking about, that they're consistent, that they're going to stick around
But then before you, certainly before you buy, but also before you take advice from them, at least for me, I want to trust not only that they're real, that they're experts in what they're talking about, that they're consistent, that they're going to stick around There has to be that level of trust. And I think that's where an engagement campaign really plays. You're just getting folks to be aware of you and maybe to follow your accounts or come more often to your, your blog developer center, whatever. And then there is the most popular campaign right now
There has to be that level of trust. And I think that's where an engagement campaign really plays. You're just getting folks to be aware of you and maybe to follow your accounts or come more often to your, your blog developer center, whatever. And then there is the most popular campaign right now Again, I think because of just where we are in the market is around how do you drive to eventually a sales sales goal. And it's that's really around click through. So I at Freeman for us cannot guarantee a purchase because that occurs on a property that I have no control over
Again, I think because of just where we are in the market is around how do you drive to eventually a sales sales goal. And it's that's really around click through. So I at Freeman for us cannot guarantee a purchase because that occurs on a property that I have no control over But what I can do is make placements in assets. And when I say an asset, I really mean an influencers podcast newsletter, you know, wherever they go because it's a mini too many relationship, right. Most influencers have many assets and most assets have many influencers
But what I can do is make placements in assets. And when I say an asset, I really mean an influencers podcast newsletter, you know, wherever they go because it's a mini too many relationship, right. Most influencers have many assets and most assets have many influencers And so when you're placing in that area, I'm not going to for a campaign where they really want to focus on a click through rate or a CTR. You're not going to place typically in a podcast because you can't immediately click right people then have to go they leave my my chain of of tracking
And so when you're placing in that area, I'm not going to for a campaign where they really want to focus on a click through rate or a CTR. You're not going to place typically in a podcast because you can't immediately click right people then have to go they leave my my chain of of tracking Those placements happen in newsletters that happens on LinkedIn. Those are by far and away the most successful for for that type of campaign. People hear about it. They see it. They're interested. They click
Those placements happen in newsletters that happens on LinkedIn. Those are by far and away the most successful for for that type of campaign. People hear about it. They see it. They're interested. They click They click. And at that point, there's a handoff between the influencer and Freeman and forest to the company where I have to trust, you know, that that company then, you know, creates that right type of content and continues that that train of thought for for the customer
They click. And at that point, there's a handoff between the influencer and Freeman and forest to the company where I have to trust, you know, that that company then, you know, creates that right type of content and continues that that train of thought for for the customer And that's what it brings up a good point of. But what about the AI campaign? Good question. I have so many complicated feelings about AI right now. And so I will. I think AI in general. It's super exciting. When you actually dive into everything, it's kind of amazing
And that's what it brings up a good point of. But what about the AI campaign? Good question. I have so many complicated feelings about AI right now. And so I will. I think AI in general. It's super exciting. When you actually dive into everything, it's kind of amazing Like this is a totally different way of computing information. You know, like if you step all the way back, I think we talk a lot about LLMs and and generative AI
Like this is a totally different way of computing information. You know, like if you step all the way back, I think we talk a lot about LLMs and and generative AI But if you if you move backward and just look at transformers and how that has shifted deep learning and all these types of, you know, machine learning approaches. And I think it's really, really exciting. These are genius level humans that created a completely different way of doing something
But if you if you move backward and just look at transformers and how that has shifted deep learning and all these types of, you know, machine learning approaches. And I think it's really, really exciting. These are genius level humans that created a completely different way of doing something And now we're trying to figure out how to actually apply that. And the first kind of way they were able to do this is these large language models are LLMs. But the LLMs are somewhat limited right now in their ability to actually change our day to day life
And now we're trying to figure out how to actually apply that. And the first kind of way they were able to do this is these large language models are LLMs. But the LLMs are somewhat limited right now in their ability to actually change our day to day life And I think they're going to argue with me. And that's okay. Chachy PT and all these chatbots because they're all chatbots. It's great. Like right. Like it's interesting. We're excited about this
And I think they're going to argue with me. And that's okay. Chachy PT and all these chatbots because they're all chatbots. It's great. Like right. Like it's interesting. We're excited about this But I'm also not seeing a huge difference in the day to day life of a developer yet with the exception of those code side kicks, the co pilots, etc. And they're really, really big deal and accelerate the work of developers in ways. I don't even think we have fully come to appreciate
But I'm also not seeing a huge difference in the day to day life of a developer yet with the exception of those code side kicks, the co pilots, etc. And they're really, really big deal and accelerate the work of developers in ways. I don't even think we have fully come to appreciate But I think I view artificial intelligence more as just another abstraction. We're again continuing to move ourselves up the stack. And you can't dive back in. That doesn't mean you can't leave the abstraction and go do things manually. I think that is really important. Having those escape hatches
But I think I view artificial intelligence more as just another abstraction. We're again continuing to move ourselves up the stack. And you can't dive back in. That doesn't mean you can't leave the abstraction and go do things manually. I think that is really important. Having those escape hatches You don't hit some kind of abstraction wall. But I think AI for me right now. We're still trying to figure out how to actually apply it. And a lot of the hype isn't for from people who are genuinely engaged in this and looking in the long term, right
You don't hit some kind of abstraction wall. But I think AI for me right now. We're still trying to figure out how to actually apply it. And a lot of the hype isn't for from people who are genuinely engaged in this and looking in the long term, right I think the hype really comes from people who are trying to make a quick book. A lot of those that content that that kind of. A lot of the noise and the echo chamber is coming from people who are really focused on sales. Like right now when I was stepping back and learning about AI
I think the hype really comes from people who are trying to make a quick book. A lot of those that content that that kind of. A lot of the noise and the echo chamber is coming from people who are really focused on sales. Like right now when I was stepping back and learning about AI There were two levels of content. One is the incredibly jargon heavy sales pitch essentially very little information. Talks a lot about AI like its magic. And then there's the academic essentially math papers. And there's not a lot in between right. And I think we're starting to build that out now
There were two levels of content. One is the incredibly jargon heavy sales pitch essentially very little information. Talks a lot about AI like its magic. And then there's the academic essentially math papers. And there's not a lot in between right. And I think we're starting to build that out now But you know to your point there's a ton of hype around AI. There's some really exciting AI companies that we've been able to work with. There's also a lot of AI companies that I wouldn't view as genuine
But you know to your point there's a ton of hype around AI. There's some really exciting AI companies that we've been able to work with. There's also a lot of AI companies that I wouldn't view as genuine And you know, there are rappers around other tools and other models, you know, created by these massive companies. Not everyone can have an LLM to do that is an incredibly expensive project
And you know, there are rappers around other tools and other models, you know, created by these massive companies. Not everyone can have an LLM to do that is an incredibly expensive project And so, you know, I'm much more interested in the products right now that can drive change and developers lives. And that is affordable and responsible, you know, what's what's the purpose of having AI if it like burns down the planet in the next decade. Thank you for that
And so, you know, I'm much more interested in the products right now that can drive change and developers lives. And that is affordable and responsible, you know, what's what's the purpose of having AI if it like burns down the planet in the next decade. Thank you for that Thank you for that. And Jay, you are coming up with a lot more good questions, but I'm good. I'm going to put a pit in that one because I do want to spend a bit of time to focus on the content creators
Thank you for that. And Jay, you are coming up with a lot more good questions, but I'm good. I'm going to put a pit in that one because I do want to spend a bit of time to focus on the content creators And I think that Rachel asked a really good question on this because as like a segue of the two of, do they consider this a two sided market
And I think that Rachel asked a really good question on this because as like a segue of the two of, do they consider this a two sided market If so, how are they approaching outreach and both content creators and businesses, they being you because how do you adding to this question and something that you mentioned earlier is you want to see influencers grow as well and their audience grow
If so, how are they approaching outreach and both content creators and businesses, they being you because how do you adding to this question and something that you mentioned earlier is you want to see influencers grow as well and their audience grow So how is it possible to do both at the same time and be able to support both? Yes. This is probably the hardest part of the company. So it is absolutely to, to what is the phrase two part market? Two sided market
So how is it possible to do both at the same time and be able to support both? Yes. This is probably the hardest part of the company. So it is absolutely to, to what is the phrase two part market? Two sided market And so to explain that like Netflix exists in a two sided market, right, they make deals with the studios that make media, they put it on the platform and then they sell that to the customer that's on the other side of the market
And so to explain that like Netflix exists in a two sided market, right, they make deals with the studios that make media, they put it on the platform and then they sell that to the customer that's on the other side of the market So I think that the two sided market would be like I sell concealer on, you know, to direct to consumer. So absolutely, we both negotiate with our customers and our clients and tailor those influencer campaigns to their specific needs
So I think that the two sided market would be like I sell concealer on, you know, to direct to consumer. So absolutely, we both negotiate with our customers and our clients and tailor those influencer campaigns to their specific needs There's some default options that we have that are just, you know, we have ready to execute
There's some default options that we have that are just, you know, we have ready to execute So we have a couple of proposals where they need something very specific, you know, there's companies that don't care about clicks, they really need custom content created because they don't have the same kind of developer relations resources internally
So we have a couple of proposals where they need something very specific, you know, there's companies that don't care about clicks, they really need custom content created because they don't have the same kind of developer relations resources internally Some companies got rid of all their developer relations and now they're in a lurch. So making sure we can customize to our clients is really important. We negotiate obviously, you know, what we provide them and the cost associated with that
Some companies got rid of all their developer relations and now they're in a lurch. So making sure we can customize to our clients is really important. We negotiate obviously, you know, what we provide them and the cost associated with that On the influencer side, we do the same thing, right, not all influencers are created equal right now in the if you freeze time. I think everyone can grow and create a really interesting. So we have a market for themselves, but not everyone's at the same stage
On the influencer side, we do the same thing, right, not all influencers are created equal right now in the if you freeze time. I think everyone can grow and create a really interesting. So we have a market for themselves, but not everyone's at the same stage There's people who, you know, one newsletter reaches a million people, they're going to command on much higher price than someone who reaches you know 6000 people
There's people who, you know, one newsletter reaches a million people, they're going to command on much higher price than someone who reaches you know 6000 people And so we do the same on the influencer side also around like I was saying earlier, are you comfortable with this is does this company align with you. Do you feel like you can actually speak to this. Do you feel that the company. This is something that is valuable is valuable, you know, we
And so we do the same on the influencer side also around like I was saying earlier, are you comfortable with this is does this company align with you. Do you feel like you can actually speak to this. Do you feel that the company. This is something that is valuable is valuable, you know, we Ensure that our clients get our influencers attention, not their opinion right. We're not just selling good opinions and so I want to check in with influencers like do you feel like this aligns to you your brand your audience, you know, your values. That's really really important
Ensure that our clients get our influencers attention, not their opinion right. We're not just selling good opinions and so I want to check in with influencers like do you feel like this aligns to you your brand your audience, you know, your values. That's really really important how we can make those placents and the price there as well. Forrest and I feel really, like our commitment to the community and our responsibility is really important to both of us. And so on both sides, we do our best to be, you know, responsible somewhat stewards of this
how we can make those placents and the price there as well. Forrest and I feel really, like our commitment to the community and our responsibility is really important to both of us. And so on both sides, we do our best to be, you know, responsible somewhat stewards of this My greatest goal is to grow a bunch of content creators. Like if we are able to get folks who are currently working on the weekends or, you know, creating a lot of these influencers just haven't created, haven't taken sponsorships, right? Yeah
My greatest goal is to grow a bunch of content creators. Like if we are able to get folks who are currently working on the weekends or, you know, creating a lot of these influencers just haven't created, haven't taken sponsorships, right? Yeah So they're working on the weekends for free to create content we all use and value and need. And being able to pay them for their time makes me feel so good. And we want to eventually be, you know, be able to say that we pay influencers millions of dollars a year to create this content
So they're working on the weekends for free to create content we all use and value and need. And being able to pay them for their time makes me feel so good. And we want to eventually be, you know, be able to say that we pay influencers millions of dollars a year to create this content That would be the best possible sort of bonus outcome of this company. I like that. And I know that we're, we only have like 15 minutes left. So I guess 8, 18, 17, 17 minutes left. I can count. It's cool. We're going to get there. So we won't get to all the questions
That would be the best possible sort of bonus outcome of this company. I like that. And I know that we're, we only have like 15 minutes left. So I guess 8, 18, 17, 17 minutes left. I can count. It's cool. We're going to get there. So we won't get to all the questions And so yes, I feel like we're going to have to do a deeper dive for content creators next time. I do think this is another like in between question because it's something that a company could really would be curious about
And so yes, I feel like we're going to have to do a deeper dive for content creators next time. I do think this is another like in between question because it's something that a company could really would be curious about But then also content creators of JT asked, what does good candidate client look like? What should clients avoid? Is professional editing intros, etc. required or can CTA their pants podcast make sense for the client? Okay
But then also content creators of JT asked, what does good candidate client look like? What should clients avoid? Is professional editing intros, etc. required or can CTA their pants podcast make sense for the client? Okay So if I understand that question correctly and tell me if you're interpreting it differently, it's really what makes a good influencer? Do they have to be this like super perfect organized kind of approach or can it be more, you know, ad hoc? Yes
So if I understand that question correctly and tell me if you're interpreting it differently, it's really what makes a good influencer? Do they have to be this like super perfect organized kind of approach or can it be more, you know, ad hoc? Yes And I think it matters on for is your specific type of content that needs to be made? Because on like my live streams, they are a very like winged like we have questions, but you know, we have an overall theme
And I think it matters on for is your specific type of content that needs to be made? Because on like my live streams, they are a very like winged like we have questions, but you know, we have an overall theme But then you have people that make very curated YouTube videos that are under 10 minutes that I'm just like, damn, that is really cool. One day maybe I'll get there, but or you have somebody that's like really, really good at YouTube shorts and TikTok
But then you have people that make very curated YouTube videos that are under 10 minutes that I'm just like, damn, that is really cool. One day maybe I'll get there, but or you have somebody that's like really, really good at YouTube shorts and TikTok So, but again, those are a lot of times are very curated and very like edited. They very put together where sometimes longer form content is much more like, buy the seed your pants. It depends with everything. It depends
So, but again, those are a lot of times are very curated and very like edited. They very put together where sometimes longer form content is much more like, buy the seed your pants. It depends with everything. It depends So I would say the most high value influencer assets right now, and this may change as the market, I say recovers, the market's doing really well, but textile in this very nervous, I would describe as like nervous energy, and there's still things happening with companies in the games they're playing as far as you know resources
So I would say the most high value influencer assets right now, and this may change as the market, I say recovers, the market's doing really well, but textile in this very nervous, I would describe as like nervous energy, and there's still things happening with companies in the games they're playing as far as you know resources So right now, the best possible assets you could have are newsletters and linked and followings. These are the ones we need more of. They perform the best both on impressions, you know, how many eyeballs you actually reaching, and click throughs
So right now, the best possible assets you could have are newsletters and linked and followings. These are the ones we need more of. They perform the best both on impressions, you know, how many eyeballs you actually reaching, and click throughs And it's simply a part of just not only with newsletters, just how it how you actually consume the newsletter, being able to click immediately is part of that. LinkedIn also is incredibly friendly for long form, not long form, long tail content
And it's simply a part of just not only with newsletters, just how it how you actually consume the newsletter, being able to click immediately is part of that. LinkedIn also is incredibly friendly for long form, not long form, long tail content So the sort of evergreen content, things that are not happening right now, but they resurface things a lot. The algorithm algorithm is really friendly for that. And so that just generally performs really well
So the sort of evergreen content, things that are not happening right now, but they resurface things a lot. The algorithm algorithm is really friendly for that. And so that just generally performs really well If you have a ton of followers, Unlinked in and are able to get reached there, that is also super high value. Right now, the least interesting at least for our clients that's not to say people aren't getting paid to make content in this way. But right now, I would put podcasts at the lowest
If you have a ton of followers, Unlinked in and are able to get reached there, that is also super high value. Right now, the least interesting at least for our clients that's not to say people aren't getting paid to make content in this way. But right now, I would put podcasts at the lowest You're really going to see podcasts be around brand awareness versus really driving toward any kind of click through rate or tracking in that way. And so it works in some ways. It doesn't in other ways. Some clients also have a little bit of an allergic reaction
You're really going to see podcasts be around brand awareness versus really driving toward any kind of click through rate or tracking in that way. And so it works in some ways. It doesn't in other ways. Some clients also have a little bit of an allergic reaction Like there is a learning curve in tech with influencers in general. And it's really interesting to see everyone's comfort level
Like there is a learning curve in tech with influencers in general. And it's really interesting to see everyone's comfort level We're really to our knowledge, the first folks who are focusing completely on tech, right? Obviously influencer marketing is a well-established technique and has some massive companies. But you see this a lot in like fashion, cosmetics, you know, direct consumer type of products
We're really to our knowledge, the first folks who are focusing completely on tech, right? Obviously influencer marketing is a well-established technique and has some massive companies. But you see this a lot in like fashion, cosmetics, you know, direct consumer type of products When you can't go on Instagram without seeing, you know, the Korean face mask or whatever, that you need. And they get me to buy things way too much. So but in tech, it's a little bit different
When you can't go on Instagram without seeing, you know, the Korean face mask or whatever, that you need. And they get me to buy things way too much. So but in tech, it's a little bit different And some other companies aren't totally bought in to that comfort level because they don't want to irritate the developer market by being too sort of salesy. And we understand this, right? Developer relations exists because developers are allergic to any kind of sales
And some other companies aren't totally bought in to that comfort level because they don't want to irritate the developer market by being too sort of salesy. And we understand this, right? Developer relations exists because developers are allergic to any kind of sales And so it's really important that in our work, it's not about a sale. It's really about driving that awareness and that path toward more information. So here's the thing. We think it's great. If you think it might be useful, here's where you can learn more
And so it's really important that in our work, it's not about a sale. It's really about driving that awareness and that path toward more information. So here's the thing. We think it's great. If you think it might be useful, here's where you can learn more That is really the gift of influencer marketing with in tech. But yeah, there is a learning curve. And there's also just, you know, some people don't realize how much sponsored content there is
That is really the gift of influencer marketing with in tech. But yeah, there is a learning curve. And there's also just, you know, some people don't realize how much sponsored content there is You know, and in the FTC, the Federal Trade Commission actually has very strict rules on how you have to showcase that something is a partnership, a paid sponsorship, etc. We see a lot of folks kind of scurrying around that. And we don't like that
You know, and in the FTC, the Federal Trade Commission actually has very strict rules on how you have to showcase that something is a partnership, a paid sponsorship, etc. We see a lot of folks kind of scurrying around that. And we don't like that Being on the epinop is also very, very important to both for us and myself. Being able to just say, this is a paid partnership. And there's no shame in that, right? We pay open source maintainers because their time is valuable. And we appreciate that. And content creation is the exact same thing
Being on the epinop is also very, very important to both for us and myself. Being able to just say, this is a paid partnership. And there's no shame in that, right? We pay open source maintainers because their time is valuable. And we appreciate that. And content creation is the exact same thing And so I don't see a lot of pushback from developers in this. I think a lot of folks are appreciative that there's a market for people to actually make some side income. And some people actually get to quit their big jobs and do this full time. And that's incredible
And so I don't see a lot of pushback from developers in this. I think a lot of folks are appreciative that there's a market for people to actually make some side income. And some people actually get to quit their big jobs and do this full time. And that's incredible I would love to be able to do that for folks. But yeah, I would say the company still have some some hesitations and in certain mediums and assets. Okay
I would love to be able to do that for folks. But yeah, I would say the company still have some some hesitations and in certain mediums and assets. Okay Okay. And I think this is probably going to be the question that we end with because I think this will lead in very well to a future conversation of what would be the best foundations for content creators in the spaces of amateur established and accomplished. Say more
Okay. And I think this is probably going to be the question that we end with because I think this will lead in very well to a future conversation of what would be the best foundations for content creators in the spaces of amateur established and accomplished. Say more Say more. This is a question from Damien. And the way interpret this question is you mentioned that like podcasts may not have the best traction, but newsletters and LinkedIn posts a lot of times do you have a higher traction
Say more. This is a question from Damien. And the way interpret this question is you mentioned that like podcasts may not have the best traction, but newsletters and LinkedIn posts a lot of times do you have a higher traction When we're when people are starting to get into content creation and this is going to be very different for amateurs established and accomplished content creators
When we're when people are starting to get into content creation and this is going to be very different for amateurs established and accomplished content creators Where would you get the foundations of what someone could do should do where they might want to post what they might want to create content on. Yep. Okay, so I'll copy only a nine minutes. We're going to follow. Becoming an influencer is a really interesting thing
Where would you get the foundations of what someone could do should do where they might want to post what they might want to create content on. Yep. Okay, so I'll copy only a nine minutes. We're going to follow. Becoming an influencer is a really interesting thing And I think I ended up sort of accidentally building a pretty large Twitter following just because I'm I'm what I call jalapeno spicy, right? You want to be like spicy enough to be interesting and a little little little interesting taste to it
And I think I ended up sort of accidentally building a pretty large Twitter following just because I'm I'm what I call jalapeno spicy, right? You want to be like spicy enough to be interesting and a little little little interesting taste to it But you don't want to be like ghost pepper hot where you just you know destroying people's taste buds. And I think I see a lot right now where people try to mimic folks who came up really fast and who have really large audiences that are kind of assholes
But you don't want to be like ghost pepper hot where you just you know destroying people's taste buds. And I think I see a lot right now where people try to mimic folks who came up really fast and who have really large audiences that are kind of assholes I am not and this is personal preference, right? This is about my value system. There's you know there's flavors for everyone and zero judgments
I am not and this is personal preference, right? This is about my value system. There's you know there's flavors for everyone and zero judgments For me, I don't like working nor do I enjoy consuming content from people that I believe are mean spirited who cut people down who are you know unnecessarily harsh. And that's not to say you can't ever be harsh. I have absolutely been harsh. I have absolutely main mistakes on Twitter. I 100%
For me, I don't like working nor do I enjoy consuming content from people that I believe are mean spirited who cut people down who are you know unnecessarily harsh. And that's not to say you can't ever be harsh. I have absolutely been harsh. I have absolutely main mistakes on Twitter. I 100% I 100%. Like none of us are perfect. And there's just a pattern. I see right now where people are coming up and being as controversial as possible. I think it works because the zeitgeist right now is really controversial and polarizing. And that's what gets attention
I 100%. Like none of us are perfect. And there's just a pattern. I see right now where people are coming up and being as controversial as possible. I think it works because the zeitgeist right now is really controversial and polarizing. And that's what gets attention I think the algorithms feed into this. But I also don't see that those influencers have 10-year, 20-year careers. I think they have a moment and then they flame out. And if that works for some folks, awesome. That's not for me. And I don't think it works for a lot of people
I think the algorithms feed into this. But I also don't see that those influencers have 10-year, 20-year careers. I think they have a moment and then they flame out. And if that works for some folks, awesome. That's not for me. And I don't think it works for a lot of people Even this sort of you know approach where oh, I'm so perfect. And I'll pick on ballerina farms. Since that has been a widespread story. And obviously I probably have a lot of feelings of that as a moment. Is that the trap wife one? Yes
Even this sort of you know approach where oh, I'm so perfect. And I'll pick on ballerina farms. Since that has been a widespread story. And obviously I probably have a lot of feelings of that as a moment. Is that the trap wife one? Yes And she's like married to the, he's like the the son of the guy who owns jet blue or something. They live in a farm. They have like a eight children. Her videos are so much focused on like if you step one layer below what she's actually saying. It's really around this this perfection
And she's like married to the, he's like the the son of the guy who owns jet blue or something. They live in a farm. They have like a eight children. Her videos are so much focused on like if you step one layer below what she's actually saying. It's really around this this perfection This perceived perfection of here's my perfect life. Here's my perfect children. Here's my perfect meal. Here's my perfect kitchen. Here's my perfect everything. And I think again, just like the mean spirited content, that works up to a point, right? Because we all have, you know, I cover it
This perceived perfection of here's my perfect life. Here's my perfect children. Here's my perfect meal. Here's my perfect kitchen. Here's my perfect everything. And I think again, just like the mean spirited content, that works up to a point, right? Because we all have, you know, I cover it I'll speak for myself. I was a power lifter. Then I had a child. My body is not the same as it used to be. And I covet a specific body type that is very cut up. And it's what I desire. And so I will look at those types of that type of content and be excited
I'll speak for myself. I was a power lifter. Then I had a child. My body is not the same as it used to be. And I covet a specific body type that is very cut up. And it's what I desire. And so I will look at those types of that type of content and be excited And kind of like I'll follow it and try and learn how they're doing it. And you know, that's what feeds into my algorithm that said, I don't feel bonded with those people. I don't trust those people. I don't feel like we share anything. It's this very, you know, parasocial. They're over here
And kind of like I'll follow it and try and learn how they're doing it. And you know, that's what feeds into my algorithm that said, I don't feel bonded with those people. I don't trust those people. I don't feel like we share anything. It's this very, you know, parasocial. They're over here They're over here. I know them. They don't know me. And it's very one sided. And it's not in any way, um, trustful or even like dare say intimate like there's some there's some things where you can actually be real and authentic and showcase your humanity
They're over here. I know them. They don't know me. And it's very one sided. And it's not in any way, um, trustful or even like dare say intimate like there's some there's some things where you can actually be real and authentic and showcase your humanity And I think ultimately that's what makes the really long term influencers, content creators, thought leaders. It's when you showcase your struggle. It's when you showcase your problems, your mistakes. That's the type of thing that we can actually bond to
And I think ultimately that's what makes the really long term influencers, content creators, thought leaders. It's when you showcase your struggle. It's when you showcase your problems, your mistakes. That's the type of thing that we can actually bond to These are the people that you feel like, oh, I, I like them. I want to support them. I want to see them win. I trust them
These are the people that you feel like, oh, I, I like them. I want to support them. I want to see them win. I trust them I trust them. Um, and so, you know, when you're talking about building an audience and building content, I would just encourage everyone not to mimic things they see be successful, but really be true to themselves
I trust them. Um, and so, you know, when you're talking about building an audience and building content, I would just encourage everyone not to mimic things they see be successful, but really be true to themselves Um, they'd be the best sort of accidental strategy I took, which was I was just I am myself, um, on Twitter. It's not my whole self. Like there's, I call it a bit of a horcrux, right? Like it's a portion of me, um, that lives publicly. There's obviously other parts to me
Um, they'd be the best sort of accidental strategy I took, which was I was just I am myself, um, on Twitter. It's not my whole self. Like there's, I call it a bit of a horcrux, right? Like it's a portion of me, um, that lives publicly. There's obviously other parts to me Um, but it is very much me. I curse in real life. I have the mouth of a sailor. I am funny. I say things that, um, aren't always wise. I am very mouthy and opinionated. And, you know, my daughter's hilarious. Like that is, that is the sort of soul of my Twitter account
Um, but it is very much me. I curse in real life. I have the mouth of a sailor. I am funny. I say things that, um, aren't always wise. I am very mouthy and opinionated. And, you know, my daughter's hilarious. Like that is, that is the sort of soul of my Twitter account Um, and I think people who really lean into that and are just themselves, that's how you find your audience. The people that resonate with you aren't going to resonate with me. And the people that resonate with me aren't always going to resonate with you
Um, and I think people who really lean into that and are just themselves, that's how you find your audience. The people that resonate with you aren't going to resonate with me. And the people that resonate with me aren't always going to resonate with you We, we all connect with different people for different reasons. And I would just encourage everyone to start from there. Um, I think a lot of times people think like, oh, well, I'm not, I'm not knowledgeable enough, I'm not an expert yet. I'm not good at whatever it is
We, we all connect with different people for different reasons. And I would just encourage everyone to start from there. Um, I think a lot of times people think like, oh, well, I'm not, I'm not knowledgeable enough, I'm not an expert yet. I'm not good at whatever it is Just get started and speaking your voice with your experience and your world of you. And, um, that is what's going to carry you. You know, learn out loud, make mistakes, say you're sorry. Um, have success, highlight other people. It's not about you
Just get started and speaking your voice with your experience and your world of you. And, um, that is what's going to carry you. You know, learn out loud, make mistakes, say you're sorry. Um, have success, highlight other people. It's not about you It's not about you. It's about how we all fit into this broader story and this broader community. That's where you shine. Um, and so I know that's a little like, it feels tangential, but I think that is the heart of what actually makes successful content creators
It's not about you. It's about how we all fit into this broader story and this broader community. That's where you shine. Um, and so I know that's a little like, it feels tangential, but I think that is the heart of what actually makes successful content creators It's not actually like necessarily what they're saying. It's who they are. It's the human aspect of them that people are able to connect with and follow and trust. Um, and so start there. Thank you. And I, yes, we'll have to have a follow up on this because I'm like, I have so many more questions
It's not actually like necessarily what they're saying. It's who they are. It's the human aspect of them that people are able to connect with and follow and trust. Um, and so start there. Thank you. And I, yes, we'll have to have a follow up on this because I'm like, I have so many more questions I'm like, ah, I wish we had more time. I know. I posted this a few times, y'all, of, um, where to find the recording and they'll be later on. I'll put in the transcript from this as well as like, key questions that we asked to leave everybody off
I'm like, ah, I wish we had more time. I know. I posted this a few times, y'all, of, um, where to find the recording and they'll be later on. I'll put in the transcript from this as well as like, key questions that we asked to leave everybody off Um, is there any piece of advice you could give the audience, uh, a, either be for content creators or for business or all above or just for a human, anything you'd like to leave the audience with? Um, get started
Um, is there any piece of advice you could give the audience, uh, a, either be for content creators or for business or all above or just for a human, anything you'd like to leave the audience with? Um, get started I am going to run out of influencers to place with before I run out of companies willing to sponsor. And so, um, I, I need to give you money. Please get started
I am going to run out of influencers to place with before I run out of companies willing to sponsor. And so, um, I, I need to give you money. Please get started Please get started. Um, and so yeah, if, if I, the best advice I would give right now is, um, start a newsletter, um, cross post to other platforms, um, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc. The influencers that command the very highest prices sell it all as a package
Please get started. Um, and so yeah, if, if I, the best advice I would give right now is, um, start a newsletter, um, cross post to other platforms, um, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc. The influencers that command the very highest prices sell it all as a package You know, are you, you're in my newsletter, you're on my podcast, you're doing this. We all don't have infinite amounts of time
You know, are you, you're in my newsletter, you're on my podcast, you're doing this. We all don't have infinite amounts of time And so do what you can, but having, uh, you know, having that, that one asset that is sort of like your, your leader in that way, I highly suggest a newsletter, um, and then making sure you're actually driving attention. And again, it's all about being authentic, you know, speak with your voice
And so do what you can, but having, uh, you know, having that, that one asset that is sort of like your, your leader in that way, I highly suggest a newsletter, um, and then making sure you're actually driving attention. And again, it's all about being authentic, you know, speak with your voice And, uh, just as it heads up, y'all, um, the link to a freeman and forest is on the site that I sent out. So it's down to the bottom as well as where to follow Emily. And thank you all for joining us today. Yes. We will schedule the next one and send it out. So thank you all
And, uh, just as it heads up, y'all, um, the link to a freeman and forest is on the site that I sent out. So it's down to the bottom as well as where to follow Emily. And thank you all for joining us today. Yes. We will schedule the next one and send it out. So thank you all So thank you all. Have a wonderful rest of your day.
So thank you all. Have a wonderful rest of your day.