We push the button. We push the button. We are live. We push the button. Oh, no. We made it. I need the good check everywhere that it actually made it. I'm excited for the strings day. We're going to do fun things. It feels like a normal insert day of week for me here Like we're basically doing what we do offline. Just what we do. Online. Yes, we we we co-work through this to make sure we get this done. Sabin, what up? Sabin, what's going on? Hope I'm saying that right? I hope I'm saying that right too. If I'm not, correct me
Like we're basically doing what we do offline. Just what we do. Online. Yes, we we we co-work through this to make sure we get this done. Sabin, what up? Sabin, what's going on? Hope I'm saying that right? I hope I'm saying that right too. If I'm not, correct me I don't know if we've ever like, Sabin, I'm really bad with names. Okay, Sabin, you got to write cool. Yes. Okay. Well, we are going to work on transcribing stuff and then what to do with transcriptions. For our talk, I'm giving in Melbourne. Yay. Two, two and a half weeks. Yeah
I don't know if we've ever like, Sabin, I'm really bad with names. Okay, Sabin, you got to write cool. Yes. Okay. Well, we are going to work on transcribing stuff and then what to do with transcriptions. For our talk, I'm giving in Melbourne. Yay. Two, two and a half weeks. Yeah Yeah. Luckily, I've given the talk here, but I don't want to do it about your content this time. I'd rather do it about T-Shin tech. Works for me. I am, I am just excited to see that work that I have done is migrating and moving into something different, which is good. Like that's a good thing
Yeah. Luckily, I've given the talk here, but I don't want to do it about your content this time. I'd rather do it about T-Shin tech. Works for me. I am, I am just excited to see that work that I have done is migrating and moving into something different, which is good. Like that's a good thing So I feel like if you're just copy and pasting all the stuff that I'm doing, that doesn't, I mean, it's nice, but it's not like great. Yeah
So I feel like if you're just copy and pasting all the stuff that I'm doing, that doesn't, I mean, it's nice, but it's not like great. Yeah Yeah. I would say it was doing this and what up, Damien? Doing this really helped in being able to learn and build off as someone else's content to be able to make yourself is probably one of the best ways I think I've learned. That's the spirit of open source. Yeah
Yeah. I would say it was doing this and what up, Damien? Doing this really helped in being able to learn and build off as someone else's content to be able to make yourself is probably one of the best ways I think I've learned. That's the spirit of open source. Yeah Yeah. It was this all came about of, Hey, Jen, you have to give a talk at this, like, meet up. Give a talk on this on this workshop. And I was like, Oh, okay, let's go. Let's do this
Yeah. It was this all came about of, Hey, Jen, you have to give a talk at this, like, meet up. Give a talk on this on this workshop. And I was like, Oh, okay, let's go. Let's do this Let's do this. And I gave the talk and I felt pretty comfortable doing the talk and I got to learn a lot more about open search and rag patterns and lane chain. But I didn't get to do all the transcripts. And I was like, that is part of the process that I want to understand more
Let's do this. And I gave the talk and I felt pretty comfortable doing the talk and I got to learn a lot more about open search and rag patterns and lane chain. But I didn't get to do all the transcripts. And I was like, that is part of the process that I want to understand more So yeah, that's what we're doing. So the one downside to doing all the transcripts, though, is they just take forever, which is, I'm not going to lie. So there's a, there's a credit on this repo
So yeah, that's what we're doing. So the one downside to doing all the transcripts, though, is they just take forever, which is, I'm not going to lie. So there's a, there's a credit on this repo And the credit goes to the person who did the original transcriptions for me because I was just like, I have, you know, 80 episodes at this point. And doing one is fine, but I don't want to, I don't want to like just sit there and run it. And then do, do like all 80 at one time
And the credit goes to the person who did the original transcriptions for me because I was just like, I have, you know, 80 episodes at this point. And doing one is fine, but I don't want to, I don't want to like just sit there and run it. And then do, do like all 80 at one time I'm going to be that person. I have like 100 episodes. Okay. So what I would suggest is for the stream, don't try to do all 100 at the same time. Was implanting on it. That's good. That's good. I think this is a great follow up question
I'm going to be that person. I have like 100 episodes. Okay. So what I would suggest is for the stream, don't try to do all 100 at the same time. Was implanting on it. That's good. That's good. I think this is a great follow up question Do I have to download all of the videos or can it use it off of like a YouTube link? Oh, dear, you're doing it from video. Which I mean, I can do it from audio is just that causes more steps, you know? So I just have to think about those steps. It's designed to work from audio
Do I have to download all of the videos or can it use it off of like a YouTube link? Oh, dear, you're doing it from video. Which I mean, I can do it from audio is just that causes more steps, you know? So I just have to think about those steps. It's designed to work from audio So that's that's kind of important. Luckily, I have, you have the RSS feed for your podcast, right? Well, well, it's on YouTube. It's technically not a podcast. It's technically on YouTube. They're YouTube videos. Oh, okay. So but I don't. I don't know. Let's let's go explore
So that's that's kind of important. Luckily, I have, you have the RSS feed for your podcast, right? Well, well, it's on YouTube. It's technically not a podcast. It's technically on YouTube. They're YouTube videos. Oh, okay. So but I don't. I don't know. Let's let's go explore I will share my screen and see you. You can technically make any YouTube playlist a podcast now. So this is my YouTube show and everybody all the things. Yeah, I'll show you all the numbers. I don't I don't mind. They're improving. You can if anybody was curious
I will share my screen and see you. You can technically make any YouTube playlist a podcast now. So this is my YouTube show and everybody all the things. Yeah, I'll show you all the numbers. I don't I don't mind. They're improving. You can if anybody was curious They all the numbers are going up and the analytics are we're getting there. Hashtag growth. Hashtag growth. Let's go. Go subscribe to my YouTube. Not what I was going for. But you can do it anyway though. Yes, yes, please do. Please do. Learner. Hello. Hey, learn your. 30 in the morning
They all the numbers are going up and the analytics are we're getting there. Hashtag growth. Hashtag growth. Let's go. Go subscribe to my YouTube. Not what I was going for. But you can do it anyway though. Yes, yes, please do. Please do. Learner. Hello. Hey, learn your. 30 in the morning 30 in the morning. You're late. Okay. What am I doing? We are going to contents. So like we ultimately we have a couple of options. Like you're going to have to get this into audio form somehow
30 in the morning. You're late. Okay. What am I doing? We are going to contents. So like we ultimately we have a couple of options. Like you're going to have to get this into audio form somehow I'm sure something like a YouTube DL could also work or you do like a YouTube downloader and then you just download the. Sabin did it's on Twitch. It's also on YouTube and it's also on my YouTube channel. So I don't know. You have options. I think most people are on Twitch right now probably
I'm sure something like a YouTube DL could also work or you do like a YouTube downloader and then you just download the. Sabin did it's on Twitch. It's also on YouTube and it's also on my YouTube channel. So I don't know. You have options. I think most people are on Twitch right now probably Well, Damien's on Twitch learners on Twitch. The people talking around Twitch is what I'm hearing. Yes. And I will link the Twitch. Yeah. So the challenge that you're going to have is how do you get this and how do you get it into some form of audio only format, which I'm guessing is. Hmm
Well, Damien's on Twitch learners on Twitch. The people talking around Twitch is what I'm hearing. Yes. And I will link the Twitch. Yeah. So the challenge that you're going to have is how do you get this and how do you get it into some form of audio only format, which I'm guessing is. Hmm Hmm. Either if you set it up as a podcast, it'll give you an RSS feed. With the RSS feed, I have a tool that you can use that I made way back in the day that will get the RSS feed. It'll download the audio file for you and then it'll start the transcription
Hmm. Either if you set it up as a podcast, it'll give you an RSS feed. With the RSS feed, I have a tool that you can use that I made way back in the day that will get the RSS feed. It'll download the audio file for you and then it'll start the transcription Otherwise, you will need to do something like YouTube DL, which will download it as an MP4. Then you'll need to convert that MP4 or FLV into an MP3. Yeah. A big reason I want to do these transcripts to is yes, of course, for the
Otherwise, you will need to do something like YouTube DL, which will download it as an MP4. Then you'll need to convert that MP4 or FLV into an MP3. Yeah. A big reason I want to do these transcripts to is yes, of course, for the For that, but like, Oh, hey, we still have the just is not having all the transcripts. It's I, I want to be able to ask my own transcripts. This is, this is why I want to do it
For that, but like, Oh, hey, we still have the just is not having all the transcripts. It's I, I want to be able to ask my own transcripts. This is, this is why I want to do it I must say, I want to ask my transcripts how I did something so I can refer back to it because Anthony and I did something last year. When do we stream this? Sure. And there's a just convert MP3 to wave. So all right. Well, there's some things. Yeah. This is we're going to be using Python for this
I must say, I want to ask my transcripts how I did something so I can refer back to it because Anthony and I did something last year. When do we stream this? Sure. And there's a just convert MP3 to wave. So all right. Well, there's some things. Yeah. This is we're going to be using Python for this I don't know what Anthony was doing. Not to say that it wasn't, it wasn't like good or anything just saying. No, he didn't. Python. What is this whisper dot CPP thing? He's doing it. Okay, wait, wait, hold on. It's right out. Okay. So he's converting the wave. Everybody hold on
I don't know what Anthony was doing. Not to say that it wasn't, it wasn't like good or anything just saying. No, he didn't. Python. What is this whisper dot CPP thing? He's doing it. Okay, wait, wait, hold on. It's right out. Okay. So he's converting the wave. Everybody hold on Everybody hold on. He's running whisper. Yeah, we're not doing that. This is also things have changed. Yeah, I was to say, whisper has changed so much. Now that that's not that big of a deal
Everybody hold on. He's running whisper. Yeah, we're not doing that. This is also things have changed. Yeah, I was to say, whisper has changed so much. Now that that's not that big of a deal But this is what we did back then and it would have been nice to be able to, you know, like have used my transcripts to go search what I used to do. Or have done. I agree with you. All right. So shall we get started on this? Yes. I'm guessing you want audio. Yeah, we got it
But this is what we did back then and it would have been nice to be able to, you know, like have used my transcripts to go search what I used to do. Or have done. I agree with you. All right. So shall we get started on this? Yes. I'm guessing you want audio. Yeah, we got it Yeah, we got it. We got to get the audio thing. But again, I think the fastest way to do this is to convert your thing into a podcast. Or all of those episodes in. Or all of these things in. Oh, no, don't do it this way. No, no, no, no, no. Okay. Just make it a podcast. It's so much faster
Yeah, we got it. We got to get the audio thing. But again, I think the fastest way to do this is to convert your thing into a podcast. Or all of those episodes in. Or all of these things in. Oh, no, don't do it this way. No, no, no, no, no. Okay. Just make it a podcast. It's so much faster I'm guessing all of the videos that you want are inside of a playlist. Correct. Not all of them, but they can be. They should be. So let's. Okay, add to playlist. We're going to create a new playlist. We are going to. New podcast. New podcast. Transcribe
I'm guessing all of the videos that you want are inside of a playlist. Correct. Not all of them, but they can be. They should be. So let's. Okay, add to playlist. We're going to create a new playlist. We are going to. New podcast. New podcast. Transcribe Transcribe. Oh, don't call it transcribe because that's what's going to be called like in podcasts. Players everywhere. Just call it teach gen tech. Okay. What up, Anthony? I just shared the gist, by the way. That would be. Oh, a thumbnail is required. Hold. Yeah, look at this. As well, decision
Transcribe. Oh, don't call it transcribe because that's what's going to be called like in podcasts. Players everywhere. Just call it teach gen tech. Okay. What up, Anthony? I just shared the gist, by the way. That would be. Oh, a thumbnail is required. Hold. Yeah, look at this. As well, decision As well, decision. I know anyone has a thumbnail. It's me. It's somewhere. Okay. We have added this 30 to. I think we added it to it. Cool. Maybe those 30 videos. Yes. And just while I'm here, I'm going to do the other eight on this one. Sure. Add to playlist. Podcast. Save
As well, decision. I know anyone has a thumbnail. It's me. It's somewhere. Okay. We have added this 30 to. I think we added it to it. Cool. Maybe those 30 videos. Yes. And just while I'm here, I'm going to do the other eight on this one. Sure. Add to playlist. Podcast. Save Podcast. Save. This is this is where we find out if the thing that I built five years ago works for you to podcasts. I'm sure. Yay. Okay, we're to the first 30 live streams. Sweet. The next 30 live streams. Done. And the very first of the of the show, the first. 2324. Oh, my goodness
Podcast. Save. This is this is where we find out if the thing that I built five years ago works for you to podcasts. I'm sure. Yay. Okay, we're to the first 30 live streams. Sweet. The next 30 live streams. Done. And the very first of the of the show, the first. 2324. Oh, my goodness Oh, my goodness. All of these are now in the podcast. I want to see all 122 videos. I want to see how this shows up. It should show it up by date. So I'm guessing that you won't have a problem. Like if it didn't, then like that's just going to be even more funny. Connect to RSS feed
Oh, my goodness. All of these are now in the podcast. I want to see all 122 videos. I want to see how this shows up. It should show it up by date. So I'm guessing that you won't have a problem. Like if it didn't, then like that's just going to be even more funny. Connect to RSS feed Oh, I just realized. Yeah, what's the RSS feed for that? Well, it just said connect to our RSS feed. Yeah, connect to RSS feed. I mean, we're going to have to do that to make this work. But I don't have one to connect to it. So will it? Yes, hopefully I don't miss anything up
Oh, I just realized. Yeah, what's the RSS feed for that? Well, it just said connect to our RSS feed. Yeah, connect to RSS feed. I mean, we're going to have to do that to make this work. But I don't have one to connect to it. So will it? Yes, hopefully I don't miss anything up I'm hoping this isn't saying like connect to an. Oh, no, no, no, no, don't do that. Yeah, it's that's connected to an existing RSS feed. Oh, that's kind of cool how that works. I don't know how that works. But that's kind of cool how that works. Okay
I'm hoping this isn't saying like connect to an. Oh, no, no, no, no, don't do that. Yeah, it's that's connected to an existing RSS feed. Oh, that's kind of cool how that works. I don't know how that works. But that's kind of cool how that works. Okay Okay. So how would I they have to be generating their own RSS feed? All YouTube channels have RSS feeds by default. Yes, you are correct that all YouTube channels have RSS feeds by default
Okay. So how would I they have to be generating their own RSS feed? All YouTube channels have RSS feeds by default. Yes, you are correct that all YouTube channels have RSS feeds by default The problem is is the thing that I'm doing that will grab the audio from the RSS feed is expecting it a certain way. So if we just grab the YouTube RSS feed, it may not have the correct stuff for basically. And that's why that's why I really want the YouTube base RSS feed
The problem is is the thing that I'm doing that will grab the audio from the RSS feed is expecting it a certain way. So if we just grab the YouTube RSS feed, it may not have the correct stuff for basically. And that's why that's why I really want the YouTube base RSS feed But now I'm just realizing that that could be a situation on, let's see, what is the YouTube podcast RSS feed? I really thought you already had these as like audio. No, I didn't think about that because when I transcribe stuff, I do it from on an expensive app, but it does it from video
But now I'm just realizing that that could be a situation on, let's see, what is the YouTube podcast RSS feed? I really thought you already had these as like audio. No, I didn't think about that because when I transcribe stuff, I do it from on an expensive app, but it does it from video So I didn't even think anything of it. Yeah, no, I guess it's ultimately not a problem. Learn how to edit podcast details, learn how to re upload episodes, okay, so connect your RSS feed to upload, upload podcasts. That's upload podcasts to YouTube. Don't care about that. Can you check the
So I didn't even think anything of it. Yeah, no, I guess it's ultimately not a problem. Learn how to edit podcast details, learn how to re upload episodes, okay, so connect your RSS feed to upload, upload podcasts. That's upload podcasts to YouTube. Don't care about that. Can you check the Can you check the. Is there like a settings thing inside of that podcast? Not that I'm releasing. That's connect to an RSS feed, not create a RSS feed. That's just the channel settings
Can you check the. Is there like a settings thing inside of that podcast? Not that I'm releasing. That's connect to an RSS feed, not create a RSS feed. That's just the channel settings Okay, so what we can do in this case, do you have the ability to download? Yeah, you use YouTube DLP to transfer downloads from anywhere into the right way. Yeah, that's what I was about to suggest is in that case, let's start with one because we need to show you how to do one
Okay, so what we can do in this case, do you have the ability to download? Yeah, you use YouTube DLP to transfer downloads from anywhere into the right way. Yeah, that's what I was about to suggest is in that case, let's start with one because we need to show you how to do one We'll skip the downloading of things and do you have one of two options? Either something like YouTube DLP or just something to download a YouTube file. Actually, wait, you own the video, just download the video. Yeah
We'll skip the downloading of things and do you have one of two options? Either something like YouTube DLP or just something to download a YouTube file. Actually, wait, you own the video, just download the video. Yeah Yeah. What am I thinking? Just yeah, pick a video, any video, video doesn't really matter, which one? Whichever one you want. I was more. We can develop off of it. Yeah, I was just thinking that I should do a. Well, videos. Okay, why am I like. This is weird date
Yeah. What am I thinking? Just yeah, pick a video, any video, video doesn't really matter, which one? Whichever one you want. I was more. We can develop off of it. Yeah, I was just thinking that I should do a. Well, videos. Okay, why am I like. This is weird date This is weird date. Like I have a three minute video that I'm looking for. Okay. Download. I'll just just grab a video. Yeah, because if it's three minutes, that is not going to take forever to go through the process. Sure. I like that. Okay. So next you need to go to the GitHub repo
This is weird date. Like I have a three minute video that I'm looking for. Okay. Download. I'll just just grab a video. Yeah, because if it's three minutes, that is not going to take forever to go through the process. Sure. I like that. Okay. So next you need to go to the GitHub repo We need to fork three. Okay. It's scary. This. Yeah. I don't have to. I'm the one that wrote all the codes. So people are going to be like, look at all the second week. I'm just going to search you. Um, there's you. But can I just like users? I do this. And then I do this. Hey, look at you
We need to fork three. Okay. It's scary. This. Yeah. I don't have to. I'm the one that wrote all the codes. So people are going to be like, look at all the second week. I'm just going to search you. Um, there's you. But can I just like users? I do this. And then I do this. Hey, look at you Hey, look at you. That's me. Air by go on. GitHub follow star, all the things. Um, because apparently that's social currency now. Conduroy transcripts right there. Well, we'll start it. There you go. Oh snap. I made it a template. Even better. Use this template. You don't have to fork it
Hey, look at you. That's me. Air by go on. GitHub follow star, all the things. Um, because apparently that's social currency now. Conduroy transcripts right there. Well, we'll start it. There you go. Oh snap. I made it a template. Even better. Use this template. You don't have to fork it I made it a template so that other people could basically create their own repos to it and make the changes that they need and then have it not. Be directly connected to my stuff. So you can call it TG TJT transcripts or whatever
I made it a template so that other people could basically create their own repos to it and make the changes that they need and then have it not. Be directly connected to my stuff. So you can call it TG TJT transcripts or whatever Um, also if you want, you could probably figure out how to make it so that it auto downloads from YouTube using some other module. Or just using whatever YouTube's RSS stuff is. I feel like I can go back and look into that. At the moment, I'm like, well, you're, you're wording, but not
Um, also if you want, you could probably figure out how to make it so that it auto downloads from YouTube using some other module. Or just using whatever YouTube's RSS stuff is. I feel like I can go back and look into that. At the moment, I'm like, well, you're, you're wording, but not I'm wording, but not making sense. Yeah. I'm saying things are making sense. Yeah. Yeah, no problem. That is. Okay. I'm saying it. So let's, let's dive into what is happening here. Obviously we have a read me. We have that whole avian service start thing
I'm wording, but not making sense. Yeah. I'm saying things are making sense. Yeah. Yeah, no problem. That is. Okay. I'm saying it. So let's, let's dive into what is happening here. Obviously we have a read me. We have that whole avian service start thing Let's start with the avian service start thing because that's going to get replaced by maybe, maybe Jin, Jinod one day with just terraform because why not? Learning terraform. Yeah, we're doing terraform things. So you guys haven't seen it, but we're doing terraform things offline. It's fine
Let's start with the avian service start thing because that's going to get replaced by maybe, maybe Jin, Jinod one day with just terraform because why not? Learning terraform. Yeah, we're doing terraform things. So you guys haven't seen it, but we're doing terraform things offline. It's fine It's fine. Yeah, instead of, instead of doing like this buck wild like services map thing that assigns, it basically looks for everything that has a tag and then turns it on and off. We can just define specifically the things that we want using terraform and then say, have at you
It's fine. Yeah, instead of, instead of doing like this buck wild like services map thing that assigns, it basically looks for everything that has a tag and then turns it on and off. We can just define specifically the things that we want using terraform and then say, have at you Also, there might be a GitHub action thing working. I don't think it's going to work. It's probably going to fail. You're welcome. You can just ignore that. File an issue. So yeah, I just wanted to mention that this is a thing that we're using services. We're specifically using Ivan services
Also, there might be a GitHub action thing working. I don't think it's going to work. It's probably going to fail. You're welcome. You can just ignore that. File an issue. So yeah, I just wanted to mention that this is a thing that we're using services. We're specifically using Ivan services We work for Ivan. Cool. Now it's sponsored. Ivan give us some money. I'll wait you do. So now the things that we're going to actually do post transcription is are these were going to live in a postgres instance. Can I have a really quick. Yes
We work for Ivan. Cool. Now it's sponsored. Ivan give us some money. I'll wait you do. So now the things that we're going to actually do post transcription is are these were going to live in a postgres instance. Can I have a really quick. Yes Yes. I'm just curious if I could get like a poll of the audience of like who uses JQ because like I just started learning about JQ and it does like so many magical things. And so now J is working on a like what are they called cookbooks? Yeah
Yes. I'm just curious if I could get like a poll of the audience of like who uses JQ because like I just started learning about JQ and it does like so many magical things. And so now J is working on a like what are they called cookbooks? Yeah A cookbook of how to use JQ and I was just curious if everybody else knew. Well, it's not how to use JQ. It's not how to use JQ. It's how to use JQ specifically with Ivan
A cookbook of how to use JQ and I was just curious if everybody else knew. Well, it's not how to use JQ. It's not how to use JQ. It's how to use JQ specifically with Ivan I think that but so what I'm more excited about is how I'm building the cookbook because anyone with a basic understanding of how Jason works could template what I'm doing and build their own cookbooks. So I've there's a it's a Python installable package
I think that but so what I'm more excited about is how I'm building the cookbook because anyone with a basic understanding of how Jason works could template what I'm doing and build their own cookbooks. So I've there's a it's a Python installable package It's not on pip because I don't want to own Python done thing like Python things. But what I do want to own is this like cookbook generator that basically has a textual interface to it so people can say like create new chat like create new section
It's not on pip because I don't want to own Python done thing like Python things. But what I do want to own is this like cookbook generator that basically has a textual interface to it so people can say like create new chat like create new section And call this section this and it's basically writing Jason stuff in the background and then applying that to whatever you want. So if you want to create your own cheat sheets or have your own section of like how does terraform work or what are my most commonly used terraform commands
And call this section this and it's basically writing Jason stuff in the background and then applying that to whatever you want. So if you want to create your own cheat sheets or have your own section of like how does terraform work or what are my most commonly used terraform commands Then you could do that or same with Kubernetes dog or whatever whatever challenging computing project that you have is there. That's in a future stream though we were not doing that right now. Yeah, no, we're not, but I just it reminded me to say that it was fun and cool to learn about
Then you could do that or same with Kubernetes dog or whatever whatever challenging computing project that you have is there. That's in a future stream though we were not doing that right now. Yeah, no, we're not, but I just it reminded me to say that it was fun and cool to learn about Yeah, I learned JQ to avoid learning terraform and then I had to learn terraform anyway. So like here we are. But now I know both, which is great. Okay, so yeah, like I said, we don't need that shell script very much. We do have a contributing document a license
Yeah, I learned JQ to avoid learning terraform and then I had to learn terraform anyway. So like here we are. But now I know both, which is great. Okay, so yeah, like I said, we don't need that shell script very much. We do have a contributing document a license We don't have a code of conduct that is on me. I am filing an issue as we speak to correct that unless it's in the dot get hub check the dot get hub. Now I'm horrible. No code of conduct I fail. And then we have transcripts if we go into transcripts. We have all of these transcripts
We don't have a code of conduct that is on me. I am filing an issue as we speak to correct that unless it's in the dot get hub check the dot get hub. Now I'm horrible. No code of conduct I fail. And then we have transcripts if we go into transcripts. We have all of these transcripts These are episodes of conduit. You're not going to want episodes of conduit. You're going to want whatever your podcast is. So later on in this, you know, one issue would be delete the old files
These are episodes of conduit. You're not going to want episodes of conduit. You're going to want whatever your podcast is. So later on in this, you know, one issue would be delete the old files That's actually something I should figure out how to make in the template so that it just doesn't download all of my transcripts here. So I think we should do one as an example. Well, yeah, I was going to say have like a zero zero negative one sample or whatever. But yeah
That's actually something I should figure out how to make in the template so that it just doesn't download all of my transcripts here. So I think we should do one as an example. Well, yeah, I was going to say have like a zero zero negative one sample or whatever. But yeah But yeah. And then let's go to tools and tools are really where we're going to be working doing a lot of our work. So we have OS ingest and PG ingest. Don't worry about those. Those are just like, hey, how do I
But yeah. And then let's go to tools and tools are really where we're going to be working doing a lot of our work. So we have OS ingest and PG ingest. Don't worry about those. Those are just like, hey, how do I How do I load the stuff that I have into those data stores? We have quick upload, which basically is the script that I do that is I need to download all this stuff and make it work. We have URL finder, which you can look at URL finder. We're not going to use it, but it's probably worth looking at
How do I load the stuff that I have into those data stores? We have quick upload, which basically is the script that I do that is I need to download all this stuff and make it work. We have URL finder, which you can look at URL finder. We're not going to use it, but it's probably worth looking at So I originally and maybe still was scraping the website for the podcast network that I'm on relay to pull down the updates
So I originally and maybe still was scraping the website for the podcast network that I'm on relay to pull down the updates But for some reason, I just blanked out and forgot that yeah, I did create this whole like pod downloader thing that will just download the audio file from a podcast RSS feed. So yeah, my my simple self did more work than was absolutely necessary. So yeah, we can get out of that
But for some reason, I just blanked out and forgot that yeah, I did create this whole like pod downloader thing that will just download the audio file from a podcast RSS feed. So yeah, my my simple self did more work than was absolutely necessary. So yeah, we can get out of that But that's what that's doing. It's just using Gaspacho, which if you use beautiful soup, Gaspacho is, well, Gaspacho means cold soup. So it's like a lighter version of beautiful soup, which is a web scraping tool. And then we have transcribed.py. This is the thing that you want
But that's what that's doing. It's just using Gaspacho, which if you use beautiful soup, Gaspacho is, well, Gaspacho means cold soup. So it's like a lighter version of beautiful soup, which is a web scraping tool. And then we have transcribed.py. This is the thing that you want This is this is the thing that you you are ultimately excited about. And yeah, as you can see from URL finder import get audio URL from episode number. We're going to we're going to do some surgery on that. So this file is going to change a lot. So let's talk about what's happening
This is this is the thing that you you are ultimately excited about. And yeah, as you can see from URL finder import get audio URL from episode number. We're going to we're going to do some surgery on that. So this file is going to change a lot. So let's talk about what's happening First, we're using typer. Typer is a command line tool. It just allows us to run this from the command line and provide some of the inputs that we want. So you can say like download by title or download by date or something like that
First, we're using typer. Typer is a command line tool. It just allows us to run this from the command line and provide some of the inputs that we want. So you can say like download by title or download by date or something like that I mean, you'd have to program that logic in, but it would make it easier for you. If you know the name of the episode, you could just say like transcribe dash dash title and then paste the title in and then it would search it by the title and then download it. Then we're using whisper
I mean, you'd have to program that logic in, but it would make it easier for you. If you know the name of the episode, you could just say like transcribe dash dash title and then paste the title in and then it would search it by the title and then download it. Then we're using whisper Yeah, you'll need whisper for the stuff that you're doing. And whisper is the LLM powered transcription tool that takes an audio and then outputs words. I'm actually interested if whisper has like a particular format. So I think that you can do whisper against other stuff
Yeah, you'll need whisper for the stuff that you're doing. And whisper is the LLM powered transcription tool that takes an audio and then outputs words. I'm actually interested if whisper has like a particular format. So I think that you can do whisper against other stuff I don't think it has to be a Anthony loves whisper. So I'm just curious if Anthony knows. Let's see. I'm just going to say that the audio files using the media model looks like flack MP3 or wave doesn't look like it'll do video, which is fine. I was just going to save us a little bit of time
I don't think it has to be a Anthony loves whisper. So I'm just curious if Anthony knows. Let's see. I'm just going to say that the audio files using the media model looks like flack MP3 or wave doesn't look like it'll do video, which is fine. I was just going to save us a little bit of time Yeah, you're going to need to convert your video into audio to make this work. Which I mean, if we want to go through that step, we can, but if I go into stream yard, which is just kind of fun that stream yard does this is. You have the audio files. You can download just audio only. Yeah, do that
Yeah, you're going to need to convert your video into audio to make this work. Which I mean, if we want to go through that step, we can, but if I go into stream yard, which is just kind of fun that stream yard does this is. You have the audio files. You can download just audio only. Yeah, do that Yeah, do that. So stream yard also does transcripts, but I don't think that's a very good process long term because then you're very reliant on this tool. It's also giving you a VTT file which. It can do text, but okay, I was going to say half on reading a VTT file. It's been interesting
Yeah, do that. So stream yard also does transcripts, but I don't think that's a very good process long term because then you're very reliant on this tool. It's also giving you a VTT file which. It can do text, but okay, I was going to say half on reading a VTT file. It's been interesting I've been trying it and Anthony said has to be wave at a specific bit rate. You sure about that Anthony? And I'm not saying that as an I don't believe you. I'm just reading the docs or I'm just reading their GitHub repo and their GitHub repo says it can be MP three file. So I don't know
I've been trying it and Anthony said has to be wave at a specific bit rate. You sure about that Anthony? And I'm not saying that as an I don't believe you. I'm just reading the docs or I'm just reading their GitHub repo and their GitHub repo says it can be MP three file. So I don't know So I don't know. I'll leave that up to you to determine. So yeah, that's the whole thing. And I guess also I have the ability to post this to the chat. So I will. Yeah, I'm talking about GitHub.com slash open AI slash whisper. That Python module. Cool. So let's scroll down a little bit here
So I don't know. I'll leave that up to you to determine. So yeah, that's the whole thing. And I guess also I have the ability to post this to the chat. So I will. Yeah, I'm talking about GitHub.com slash open AI slash whisper. That Python module. Cool. So let's scroll down a little bit here It didn't download yet. Hold on. That's fine. We don't. It's thinking. Yeah, we don't have a long time, but. Yeah, I'm scared. All right. So the next thing that we're doing is we're creating a recursive character text splitter. Oh. Which. So I was looking at this and I was kind of curious
It didn't download yet. Hold on. That's fine. We don't. It's thinking. Yeah, we don't have a long time, but. Yeah, I'm scared. All right. So the next thing that we're doing is we're creating a recursive character text splitter. Oh. Which. So I was looking at this and I was kind of curious I was like, we have like the length chain and the text letter in here already. I think yet, because we're going to be doing that during the next steps with this. This was a readability thing. So if you go to the very last transcript. In the transcripts file, actually go to the one before it
I was like, we have like the length chain and the text letter in here already. I think yet, because we're going to be doing that during the next steps with this. This was a readability thing. So if you go to the very last transcript. In the transcripts file, actually go to the one before it Go to like 80. Okay. Do you see how it's all like on one line there? Just kind of ran together. You can scroll down like it. I mean, yeah, that's giant wall of text. Okay. Now go to 81. Okay. Oh, geez. Okay. Well, never mind then. You. I've seen. I wonder if you've. We did one. I probably did
Go to like 80. Okay. Do you see how it's all like on one line there? Just kind of ran together. You can scroll down like it. I mean, yeah, that's giant wall of text. Okay. Now go to 81. Okay. Oh, geez. Okay. Well, never mind then. You. I've seen. I wonder if you've. We did one. I probably did I probably did. Did read. Yeah. So it used to be that. It used to be like straight up all one line of code, which was not helpful. Most of these are going to be like one line of code. And then we got here to where it's. It's splitting things up. It's putting them on new lines
I probably did. Did read. Yeah. So it used to be that. It used to be like straight up all one line of code, which was not helpful. Most of these are going to be like one line of code. And then we got here to where it's. It's splitting things up. It's putting them on new lines Actually go to raw because I think it is still just click on raw. No, yeah, over to the right. Anthony said LRC is pretty readable output format. Yeah. Okay. So. As you can see here, it's doing some stuff, which actually I haven't looked at this
Actually go to raw because I think it is still just click on raw. No, yeah, over to the right. Anthony said LRC is pretty readable output format. Yeah. Okay. So. As you can see here, it's doing some stuff, which actually I haven't looked at this It's kind of interesting because it looks like it's like duplicating some things. Unless that's just me. Being very. Now, okay, apparently I said words like a couple of times in a couple of places. Cool. All right. So
It's kind of interesting because it looks like it's like duplicating some things. Unless that's just me. Being very. Now, okay, apparently I said words like a couple of times in a couple of places. Cool. All right. So All right. So. All this is doing is breaking it up on new lines that makes it slightly more readable. That's what the segmentation was doing. It will hallucinate repeated words and phrases. Okay, cool. So that's that's possibly what has happened here is that it's. It's repeating a couple of things
All right. So. All this is doing is breaking it up on new lines that makes it slightly more readable. That's what the segmentation was doing. It will hallucinate repeated words and phrases. Okay, cool. So that's that's possibly what has happened here is that it's. It's repeating a couple of things I never said this was perfect. I just said that it was done. Perfect. Uh, in that case. So that's that's all that that segmentation is doing because otherwise it just throws it. Up on the screen and it's done. Versus. Hey, if we chunk it. And have it
I never said this was perfect. I just said that it was done. Perfect. Uh, in that case. So that's that's all that that segmentation is doing because otherwise it just throws it. Up on the screen and it's done. Versus. Hey, if we chunk it. And have it And have it. Actually chunk out then it will be slightly more readable. And maybe we add two splits in the future so that it adds more more spacing between there
And have it. Actually chunk out then it will be slightly more readable. And maybe we add two splits in the future so that it adds more more spacing between there Um, now you did mention a good point of hey, we're chunking this on 300 characters with the overlap of 20 and all the standard separators. That's a thing that we do in our rag pattern already. If you go to OS ingest.py. Let's go down a little bit
Um, now you did mention a good point of hey, we're chunking this on 300 characters with the overlap of 20 and all the standard separators. That's a thing that we do in our rag pattern already. If you go to OS ingest.py. Let's go down a little bit Yeah, you see that same recursive text splitter here. So because we're doing the the chunking already, this should actually speed up that process for you because it just means you don't have to do it. You don't have to do it again
Yeah, you see that same recursive text splitter here. So because we're doing the the chunking already, this should actually speed up that process for you because it just means you don't have to do it. You don't have to do it again Um, you can just split by new line and embed do all of your chunked embeddings just based on new line. Wait, let's wait. Okay. So the splitter, the splitter characteristics. That we did were split chunk it to 300 characters. Overlapped of 20 characters. Use the standard separators
Um, you can just split by new line and embed do all of your chunked embeddings just based on new line. Wait, let's wait. Okay. So the splitter, the splitter characteristics. That we did were split chunk it to 300 characters. Overlapped of 20 characters. Use the standard separators We did the same thing for both inside of your actual open search ingestion as well as after we generate all of our wall of. Because we've done that, that means we don't have to do it the second time. So in OS ingest instead of doing all of the
We did the same thing for both inside of your actual open search ingestion as well as after we generate all of our wall of. Because we've done that, that means we don't have to do it the second time. So in OS ingest instead of doing all of the Generating your embeddings and chunking them at the same time. Since it's already chunked, you can just take your text, split it by new line. And run. You don't have to, you don't have to do that step again. So you're right. I give it you were asking you were asking like, hey, we do it over here
Generating your embeddings and chunking them at the same time. Since it's already chunked, you can just take your text, split it by new line. And run. You don't have to, you don't have to do that step again. So you're right. I give it you were asking you were asking like, hey, we do it over here Do we need to do it here? It's like, well. You're correct that we don't need to do it twice, but I would actually flip how you're doing it. So do it here instead of in transcribed.py. Do it in trans crops in transcribed.py instead of here. Oh, okay. Yeah. Well, I can fix that when we
Do we need to do it here? It's like, well. You're correct that we don't need to do it twice, but I would actually flip how you're doing it. So do it here instead of in transcribed.py. Do it in trans crops in transcribed.py instead of here. Oh, okay. Yeah. Well, I can fix that when we Yeah, we'll fix that when we start actually working on it. Let's go back to transcribed.py. So we split it. We checked the first character. This was just the thing that I noticed before where it likes to do this weird thing where it'll chunk it on the punctuation
Yeah, we'll fix that when we start actually working on it. Let's go back to transcribed.py. So we split it. We checked the first character. This was just the thing that I noticed before where it likes to do this weird thing where it'll chunk it on the punctuation Instead of like after the punctuation. So if I look in my open search, like right now all my open search stuff has like it starts with a period or starts with the question mark. And that's because of how it split
Instead of like after the punctuation. So if I look in my open search, like right now all my open search stuff has like it starts with a period or starts with the question mark. And that's because of how it split There's just some logic here that fixes that in code here instead of so that I don't have to play with it over there. Oh, no, nothing's going to run for six hours. I mean, most of my audio files are like an hour and a half to two hours long and they take like eight minutes to run it max
There's just some logic here that fixes that in code here instead of so that I don't have to play with it over there. Oh, no, nothing's going to run for six hours. I mean, most of my audio files are like an hour and a half to two hours long and they take like eight minutes to run it max So no, he's saying that any length of something can be done like if a show was six hours. It was more like I was worried that I was like, what if we get stuck up and just like running all the time and then you don't realize that I got stuck on that line because you walk
So no, he's saying that any length of something can be done like if a show was six hours. It was more like I was worried that I was like, what if we get stuck up and just like running all the time and then you don't realize that I got stuck on that line because you walk Oh, I don't think that'll happen here. One person is a pretty pretty decent odds, you know. The impart that one in part we're we're streaming our audio through. So we would I think we would see it if it was happening
Oh, I don't think that'll happen here. One person is a pretty pretty decent odds, you know. The impart that one in part we're we're streaming our audio through. So we would I think we would see it if it was happening Okay, so then we have a text splitter so we split a block of text in the paragraphs. This is all just logic to do the the chunking thing that we're doing. So don't worry too much about this. All this is saying is, hey, take that chunk. Check the first character
Okay, so then we have a text splitter so we split a block of text in the paragraphs. This is all just logic to do the the chunking thing that we're doing. So don't worry too much about this. All this is saying is, hey, take that chunk. Check the first character Make sure that first character is not a punctuation like mark. Just punctuation then just apply that punctuation to whatever the previous chunk was and then we're good. And then just return it as clean segments. Let's scroll down
Make sure that first character is not a punctuation like mark. Just punctuation then just apply that punctuation to whatever the previous chunk was and then we're good. And then just return it as clean segments. Let's scroll down Let's scroll down. And then yeah, we have this whole download audio file thing, the download audio file thing was using HTTPX to get the actual raw audio from the web. And then load it in again
Let's scroll down. And then yeah, we have this whole download audio file thing, the download audio file thing was using HTTPX to get the actual raw audio from the web. And then load it in again There are ways to get the URL we're going to we would do this, but since you already have the file downloaded on your local machine. We don't have to do that in the future. If you wanted to do this, you totally could you could use the RSS feed from YouTube. You could also use some other things
There are ways to get the URL we're going to we would do this, but since you already have the file downloaded on your local machine. We don't have to do that in the future. If you wanted to do this, you totally could you could use the RSS feed from YouTube. You could also use some other things And then we get to the actual scroll up a little bit. Okay, that's fine. Let's go back down. Then we get to transcribe audio file. It's just doing whisper things. Hey model transcribe cool. And then do it. Do the thing. Sweet. And then transcribe from episode number
And then we get to the actual scroll up a little bit. Okay, that's fine. Let's go back down. Then we get to transcribe audio file. It's just doing whisper things. Hey model transcribe cool. And then do it. Do the thing. Sweet. And then transcribe from episode number This is these are basically just like wrappers around what we're doing. So do all this is the CLI command. If I give you an episode number, I want you to get my metadata and the URL from the audio based on the episode number that I gave you that runs that function that then scrapes the web
This is these are basically just like wrappers around what we're doing. So do all this is the CLI command. If I give you an episode number, I want you to get my metadata and the URL from the audio based on the episode number that I gave you that runs that function that then scrapes the web Well, it doesn't scrape the web. It scrapes a specific website that I have told and that I have permission to scrape. And then it grabs all the metadata from that web page that we need. And then it downloads the actual it gets the actual audio URL the link to the MP3 file
Well, it doesn't scrape the web. It scrapes a specific website that I have told and that I have permission to scrape. And then it grabs all the metadata from that web page that we need. And then it downloads the actual it gets the actual audio URL the link to the MP3 file Then it downloads that audio URL. And we transcribe it. And then we return that transcription to our output our output file. So we can put like in my case, I would say, you know transcribe.py episode 83. And then we're going to go to relay.fm slash conduit slash 83. It's going to get the MP3
Then it downloads that audio URL. And we transcribe it. And then we return that transcription to our output our output file. So we can put like in my case, I would say, you know transcribe.py episode 83. And then we're going to go to relay.fm slash conduit slash 83. It's going to get the MP3 It's going to download that MP3. And then it's going to start the transcription on that audio file. And then it's going to put it automatically in the transcripts folder when it's done. So we've got to do is we've got to figure out how to make it work for your content
It's going to download that MP3. And then it's going to start the transcription on that audio file. And then it's going to put it automatically in the transcripts folder when it's done. So we've got to do is we've got to figure out how to make it work for your content And then we've got to get out of a web browser and get into a code editor. Okay. Well, here we go. Go back to code. Go to code. VS code. I don't know. I always do that. You know, you could do all of that from VS code, right? Okay. So command palette time. Command shift P. Get clone
And then we've got to get out of a web browser and get into a code editor. Okay. Well, here we go. Go back to code. Go to code. VS code. I don't know. I always do that. You know, you could do all of that from VS code, right? Okay. So command palette time. Command shift P. Get clone Get clone. Clones from GitHub. Give it a path. Yep. Perfect. Oh, you pasted something in. Do it again. Command shift P. Get clone. Clones from GitHub. And then you're going to put in. Right there. Yeah. Then no. Put it in the code folder wherever code folder you wanted to be on. Yep. There you go
Get clone. Clones from GitHub. Give it a path. Yep. Perfect. Oh, you pasted something in. Do it again. Command shift P. Get clone. Clones from GitHub. And then you're going to put in. Right there. Yeah. Then no. Put it in the code folder wherever code folder you wanted to be on. Yep. There you go Yep. There you go. Open. There we go. We got there. The entire reason I have a code folder is because of Anthony. When two. Oh my gosh. Two and a half years ago when I started the stream. That's crazy to think that it's been wild. I'm not sure if it's going to be a good idea. Yeah. That's a lot
Yep. There you go. Open. There we go. We got there. The entire reason I have a code folder is because of Anthony. When two. Oh my gosh. Two and a half years ago when I started the stream. That's crazy to think that it's been wild. I'm not sure if it's going to be a good idea. Yeah. That's a lot Yeah. That's a lot. Okay. So let's. Let's go back to tools and transcripts. Pi. Or transcribed by Pi. You got it. I love how like that's where you go. And I was like, oh, we get to delete all the transcripts now. I mean, you can. You can do that too. That's fine. Like. We don't need to
Yeah. That's a lot. Okay. So let's. Let's go back to tools and transcripts. Pi. Or transcribed by Pi. You got it. I love how like that's where you go. And I was like, oh, we get to delete all the transcripts now. I mean, you can. You can do that too. That's fine. Like. We don't need to We don't need to. You can't do exactly that much. Oh. Yeah. That's the last. Pub quiz time. How would you remove all of the files from the transcripts folder using the command line? I wouldn't. Oh, well, how would you though? Because it's much more satisfying to do it. Do it. Do it
We don't need to. You can't do exactly that much. Oh. Yeah. That's the last. Pub quiz time. How would you remove all of the files from the transcripts folder using the command line? I wouldn't. Oh, well, how would you though? Because it's much more satisfying to do it. Do it. Do it Do it. Do it. I'm going to pop quiz time, do this thing. Okay, so you should be in that folder. Yeah, you are in that folder. But I need to go to CD, Trans. No, you don't. I mean, I mean, you can, you don't have to. Why wouldn't I want to be in that folder? Just do RM space transcript slash star
Do it. Do it. I'm going to pop quiz time, do this thing. Okay, so you should be in that folder. Yeah, you are in that folder. But I need to go to CD, Trans. No, you don't. I mean, I mean, you can, you don't have to. Why wouldn't I want to be in that folder? Just do RM space transcript slash star Make sure you do the star. No, I don't want to, I mean, I can. What's this, what's this prompt noise? Don't prompt me to delete all my files. I'll, I'll, I'll RM dot if I want to. You can't
Make sure you do the star. No, I don't want to, I mean, I can. What's this, what's this prompt noise? Don't prompt me to delete all my files. I'll, I'll, I'll RM dot if I want to. You can't You can't. I was going to say I am this may not be the best way to, I was going to delete like all but one to go back to it. At least that's how I go through rebuilding things in Astro because I'm like, I need to see if this works first. Oh, no, if it works, then I will delete
You can't. I was going to say I am this may not be the best way to, I was going to delete like all but one to go back to it. At least that's how I go through rebuilding things in Astro because I'm like, I need to see if this works first. Oh, no, if it works, then I will delete But if it doesn't work, I need to remember how something was made or at least try to figure it out. It's fine. Which I, I mean, I'm pretty proud like eventually my goal is to make this work on the website. But first, I need to finish building it
But if it doesn't work, I need to remember how something was made or at least try to figure it out. It's fine. Which I, I mean, I'm pretty proud like eventually my goal is to make this work on the website. But first, I need to finish building it But for those who have been around forever, I am further along in my Astro site than I have been ever. And I'm very excited about that. It still has a lot of CSS work to do. Time to blow it all away and build it in Django. Oh, I'm kidding. No, not until I get this brittle thing working
But for those who have been around forever, I am further along in my Astro site than I have been ever. And I'm very excited about that. It still has a lot of CSS work to do. Time to blow it all away and build it in Django. Oh, I'm kidding. No, not until I get this brittle thing working I'm kidding. Like who would not do it yet? I do not care what your website is built in. You can build it and just raw HTML and CSS. And I will still be like, wow, that was impressive. Probably not the best use of time, but like. Yeah, it's an Astro and tie. Well, it is in TypeScript and JavaScript
I'm kidding. Like who would not do it yet? I do not care what your website is built in. You can build it and just raw HTML and CSS. And I will still be like, wow, that was impressive. Probably not the best use of time, but like. Yeah, it's an Astro and tie. Well, it is in TypeScript and JavaScript But it's just still writing in PHP. That's a, I'm just, I'm going to put that up on the screen. Yes, yes. I love that. Yeah. That would be a struggle. That would be a struggle. I mean, you can write it in Laravel, which is PHP. Not bad. No, I'm OK. I'm OK. All right. So we deleted the transcripts
But it's just still writing in PHP. That's a, I'm just, I'm going to put that up on the screen. Yes, yes. I love that. Yeah. That would be a struggle. That would be a struggle. I mean, you can write it in Laravel, which is PHP. Not bad. No, I'm OK. I'm OK. All right. So we deleted the transcripts That was fun. Use the ad code of, oh, wait, never mind. No, because you loaded it from a template. You didn't fork the codes. I never mind. You couldn't backport that code to conduct. Change if you want to. Sweet. All right. So you need to install all of your requirements first
That was fun. Use the ad code of, oh, wait, never mind. No, because you loaded it from a template. You didn't fork the codes. I never mind. You couldn't backport that code to conduct. Change if you want to. Sweet. All right. So you need to install all of your requirements first Do you want to do it the Python way or the VS code way? Python way within my terminal in VS code. OK, that works. Then you're going to do Python-nvnv.vn.vn. Vnv. Ah, words. Python. That I like burps, hiccups, and like stuttered at the same time. I don't know what you call that. I call it an FXF
Do you want to do it the Python way or the VS code way? Python way within my terminal in VS code. OK, that works. Then you're going to do Python-nvnv.vn.vn. Vnv. Ah, words. Python. That I like burps, hiccups, and like stuttered at the same time. I don't know what you call that. I call it an FXF I call it an FXF. It's like you short-circumid. I did. I very much did. All right. So Python, space, stash, m, space, vnv, victor, echo, November, victor. Viktor, echo, November, victor. Face.vnv. Dot, victor, echo, November, victor. Yep, enter. OK. Oh, wait. I have to do Python 3
I call it an FXF. It's like you short-circumid. I did. I very much did. All right. So Python, space, stash, m, space, vnv, victor, echo, November, victor. Viktor, echo, November, victor. Face.vnv. Dot, victor, echo, November, victor. Yep, enter. OK. Oh, wait. I have to do Python 3 You need to fix that. There needs to be a whole stream dedicated to just fixing that. And you say, hey, we created a new environment variable. Do you want to select it? Just hit yes
You need to fix that. There needs to be a whole stream dedicated to just fixing that. And you say, hey, we created a new environment variable. Do you want to select it? Just hit yes So I think you and Anthony would love to just do an entire stream because Anthony and I have done entire streams of trying to fix. I've been on different computers, and I still seem to break this. Yeah. This is just like just erase the drive and start over. Like you do it again
So I think you and Anthony would love to just do an entire stream because Anthony and I have done entire streams of trying to fix. I've been on different computers, and I still seem to break this. Yeah. This is just like just erase the drive and start over. Like you do it again I have done that many times. Yes. OK. So I mean, everyone's done it and get before. He's like, this didn't work. I'm just going to recolon the thing. OK. So hit enter inside of the terminal again. I just want to make sure that it notes that's in the code
I have done that many times. Yes. OK. So I mean, everyone's done it and get before. He's like, this didn't work. I'm just going to recolon the thing. OK. So hit enter inside of the terminal again. I just want to make sure that it notes that's in the code Well, I didn't click up there, but it went up there. Type in which Python 3, I guess, or which, well, what happens if you type in Python now? If it's in the virtual environment, no, no, I'm just saying like if you just type OK, I didn't find Python anyway
Well, I didn't click up there, but it went up there. Type in which Python 3, I guess, or which, well, what happens if you type in Python now? If it's in the virtual environment, no, no, I'm just saying like if you just type OK, I didn't find Python anyway Yeah, type in which Python 3, which Python just 3 like that? Mm-hmm. OK, it's on the library framework. OK, yes. So you're not mapped to your homebrew Python thing. That's weird. I mean, I can homebrew Python really quick. It won't take long. Bruinsed all Python. I feel like I've done this before
Yeah, type in which Python 3, which Python just 3 like that? Mm-hmm. OK, it's on the library framework. OK, yes. So you're not mapped to your homebrew Python thing. That's weird. I mean, I can homebrew Python really quick. It won't take long. Bruinsed all Python. I feel like I've done this before I'm pretty sure you have. I'm pretty sure I've been on the call with you when you've done it. Apparently not though, because it's doing stuff. Well, maybe you did it before Python 312, so it just needs updating those versions
I'm pretty sure you have. I'm pretty sure I've been on the call with you when you've done it. Apparently not though, because it's doing stuff. Well, maybe you did it before Python 312, so it just needs updating those versions I've done a lot of things on this before, because my code dot would not open my VS code for a very, very, very, very, very, very long time. Type in Python. Type in Python, and see what happens. I think you got to restart the terminal. Restart the terminal
I've done a lot of things on this before, because my code dot would not open my VS code for a very, very, very, very, very, very long time. Type in Python. Type in Python, and see what happens. I think you got to restart the terminal. Restart the terminal I have a feeling it's still not going to work. Probably not, but we tried. Oh, it did work. There. That's very big computer. Now eventually we'll get you into pi environment, and then you'll install 17 versions of Python on your machine, and then teach you how to test things with like talks
I have a feeling it's still not going to work. Probably not, but we tried. Oh, it did work. There. That's very big computer. Now eventually we'll get you into pi environment, and then you'll install 17 versions of Python on your machine, and then teach you how to test things with like talks I'm kidding. We're not going to do any of that stuff right now. Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. You're not having to change nodes. What I'm having to do now. All I saw was no, and I got anxiety. What? No pi environment. No one's doing pi m. We're not doing pi m things
I'm kidding. We're not going to do any of that stuff right now. Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. You're not having to change nodes. What I'm having to do now. All I saw was no, and I got anxiety. What? No pi environment. No one's doing pi m. We're not doing pi m things I've probably got like seven versions of Python and sold on my machine right now. Why? Because I have different things that I run that support different versions of Python. And I mean, that's just what poetry is doing. Don't let poetry lie to you and be like, oh, use poetry. This solves a problem
I've probably got like seven versions of Python and sold on my machine right now. Why? Because I have different things that I run that support different versions of Python. And I mean, that's just what poetry is doing. Don't let poetry lie to you and be like, oh, use poetry. This solves a problem Like, and JavaScript solved that for me. Oh, JavaScript is something lock files, something something something Python will get there eventually. All right. OK, I just got to save my lock files on my astro thing is just destroyed
Like, and JavaScript solved that for me. Oh, JavaScript is something lock files, something something something Python will get there eventually. All right. OK, I just got to save my lock files on my astro thing is just destroyed And I have to recreate my lock files almost every time I try to edit anything on my astro. Lock files do be locking. OK. Lock files are evil. Let's go to transcribed.py. We're there. Now, oh, you still need to install your stuff. You're going to need to exit out of Python there. Nope
And I have to recreate my lock files almost every time I try to edit anything on my astro. Lock files do be locking. OK. Lock files are evil. Let's go to transcribed.py. We're there. Now, oh, you still need to install your stuff. You're going to need to exit out of Python there. Nope Nope. OK, I'm going to control D. How would I guess that? You could have also typed in exit. I tried escape. I tried. Exit as a function works. I tried control C. I tried to Nancy. Like, what is anybody's supposed to keep these straight? There was just like go with one exit for everything
Nope. OK, I'm going to control D. How would I guess that? You could have also typed in exit. I tried escape. I tried. Exit as a function works. I tried control C. I tried to Nancy. Like, what is anybody's supposed to keep these straight? There was just like go with one exit for everything Not what is VIM. What is VIM? VIM is like QW. No, no, colon WQ. But that's that's insert. That's go into command mode W stands for right. In Q stands for quit. They need to all be the same thing. I mean, you can quit. You can quit VIM however you want to quit it
Not what is VIM. What is VIM? VIM is like QW. No, no, colon WQ. But that's that's insert. That's go into command mode W stands for right. In Q stands for quit. They need to all be the same thing. I mean, you can quit. You can quit VIM however you want to quit it But do you want your stuff saved as the question? I just want to quit to get out of this shit when I'm like just trying to keep coding. And they're all different. I got you. Turn off your computer. That'll work. Yep. That is how I always exit out of them. I use T-mux
But do you want your stuff saved as the question? I just want to quit to get out of this shit when I'm like just trying to keep coding. And they're all different. I got you. Turn off your computer. That'll work. Yep. That is how I always exit out of them. I use T-mux I use T-mux. So whenever I quit, I just start a new session. Well, here we go. New. And then I don't ever do control BS. Because what I love that it's control BS, I think I set mine to, it used to be control SS, but I set my leader to control B. Because my keyboard is one of these weird things
I use T-mux. So whenever I quit, I just start a new session. Well, here we go. New. And then I don't ever do control BS. Because what I love that it's control BS, I think I set mine to, it used to be control SS, but I set my leader to control B. Because my keyboard is one of these weird things And then the B is closer to the control than the S's. And then I get to do control BS. So you get to laugh, right? All right, let's install the things that need to be installed all of our requirements. You do that by Python-m space pip, space install, space-r, space. Requirements.txt
And then the B is closer to the control than the S's. And then I get to do control BS. So you get to laugh, right? All right, let's install the things that need to be installed all of our requirements. You do that by Python-m space pip, space install, space-r, space. Requirements.txt Requirements.txt. And you don't have to do the pip, you don't have to do the Python-m part, but we're going to do the Python-m part, because it's important to make sure that we're installing this in the right space
Requirements.txt. And you don't have to do the pip, you don't have to do the Python-m part, but we're going to do the Python-m part, because it's important to make sure that we're installing this in the right space I will say every time that we do this, and I have to do it locally, but in the Ivan workshops, we do Jupyter notebooks and code spaces. I'm like, this, I get why we do code spaces. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I mean, if you want to contribute a code space to this project, I'm not going to stop you
I will say every time that we do this, and I have to do it locally, but in the Ivan workshops, we do Jupyter notebooks and code spaces. I'm like, this, I get why we do code spaces. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I mean, if you want to contribute a code space to this project, I'm not going to stop you Like, it's frustrating. I have to look into everything. Don't mind me. So some of these things we actually aren't going to need, but we're going to keep in here in case you change your mind. Did it not go to requirements.txt? I feel like I'm missing stuff from... No, it's all in there. Cool
Like, it's frustrating. I have to look into everything. Don't mind me. So some of these things we actually aren't going to need, but we're going to keep in here in case you change your mind. Did it not go to requirements.txt? I feel like I'm missing stuff from... No, it's all in there. Cool Cool. All right, it's in there. It just wasn't... Maybe I could alphabetize that to be easier to read. Go to transcribe.py. Cool. Oh, cool. Another gone. Oh, Lanechain. Wait, Lanechain isn't in there? I thought I saw Lanechain. Lanechain, Hagenface. It's not like..
Cool. All right, it's in there. It just wasn't... Maybe I could alphabetize that to be easier to read. Go to transcribe.py. Cool. Oh, cool. Another gone. Oh, Lanechain. Wait, Lanechain isn't in there? I thought I saw Lanechain. Lanechain, Hagenface. It's not like.. It's not like... Yeah, you need Lanechain as well. Pippin Saul Lanechain. Note to self add that to the requirements.txt.fileinissue. I need you to take a transcript of this. And every time I said file an issue, just like supercut that. And then send it to me. You know, I'll practice this
It's not like... Yeah, you need Lanechain as well. Pippin Saul Lanechain. Note to self add that to the requirements.txt.fileinissue. I need you to take a transcript of this. And every time I said file an issue, just like supercut that. And then send it to me. You know, I'll practice this Well, I'll just... The transcript of this. Well, I'll practice it when we're done. Maybe not today, probably tomorrow, but... Look at that. No more squigglys. Love it. Okay, scroll down. What do we need? What do we not need? We need all of that. We need that. Yep, we're going to need all of that
Well, I'll just... The transcript of this. Well, I'll practice it when we're done. Maybe not today, probably tomorrow, but... Look at that. No more squigglys. Love it. Okay, scroll down. What do we need? What do we not need? We need all of that. We need that. Yep, we're going to need all of that Yeah, you can hear that. So download audio file you're not going to need because you already have your audio file downloaded. Don't just delete it. Don't just delete it. I'm going to comment it out. I'm going to do what I do, which is this. The command backslash best friend in VS code
Yeah, you can hear that. So download audio file you're not going to need because you already have your audio file downloaded. Don't just delete it. Don't just delete it. I'm going to comment it out. I'm going to do what I do, which is this. The command backslash best friend in VS code Comment it out. Don't delete it. And then when you figure out you got it working, then you can go back and delete stuff. I mean, yeah, that's it. That's how I run the show. That's a VS code hack right there. Okay, so transcribe audio file we obviously need
Comment it out. Don't delete it. And then when you figure out you got it working, then you can go back and delete stuff. I mean, yeah, that's it. That's how I run the show. That's a VS code hack right there. Okay, so transcribe audio file we obviously need And then we have the audio file path path, which is good. So transcribe from audio URL. We don't need because that's just not what we're doing. But we'll need this back in case we get the RSS feed. Yeah. So model transcribe return or split text. So, okay
And then we have the audio file path path, which is good. So transcribe from audio URL. We don't need because that's just not what we're doing. But we'll need this back in case we get the RSS feed. Yeah. So model transcribe return or split text. So, okay So, okay. I think honestly we just need transcribe audio file and we're done. So instead of, and then transcribe from episode number, we don't need either either. Let's just, let's just see like, can we make this work using the audio file that we have? Oh, no, you need the if name.main stuff
So, okay. I think honestly we just need transcribe audio file and we're done. So instead of, and then transcribe from episode number, we don't need either either. Let's just, let's just see like, can we make this work using the audio file that we have? Oh, no, you need the if name.main stuffmain stuff. We're doing that. Cool. All right. So let's change that type or command. We had down to the very bottom. We have type or not run transcribe from episode number. Just change that to whatever the one that we have is like, what is a transcribe audio file? Something like that
main stuff. We're doing that. Cool. All right. So let's change that type or command. We had down to the very bottom. We have type or not run transcribe from episode number. Just change that to whatever the one that we have is like, what is a transcribe audio file? Something like that Yeah, that one. Perfect. All right. Cool. And then let's go up to transcribe audio file. Okay. You know how we go. I was going to say find. I also feel bad because it probably was like command or command f transcribe audio file inner. But then I was also like, wait a minute. I use VIM mode
Yeah, that one. Perfect. All right. Cool. And then let's go up to transcribe audio file. Okay. You know how we go. I was going to say find. I also feel bad because it probably was like command or command f transcribe audio file inner. But then I was also like, wait a minute. I use VIM mode I use VIM mode. So I was kind of afraid to like give you certain commands. I don't know if they're VIM mode stuff, but I think that's just fine. Okay. So transcription equals model dot transcribe audio files, audio file and the verbose false. And then return text split trend. Okay. Cool
I use VIM mode. So I was kind of afraid to like give you certain commands. I don't know if they're VIM mode stuff, but I think that's just fine. Okay. So transcription equals model dot transcribe audio files, audio file and the verbose false. And then return text split trend. Okay. Cool Okay. Cool. So instead of. Instead of just returning the text because that doesn't help anybody. Let's save it to a file. So maybe we do. Well, it'd be nice to return the text to be able to verify it quickly and just make a file. Okay. That's fine. Let's create a new function
Okay. Cool. So instead of. Instead of just returning the text because that doesn't help anybody. Let's save it to a file. So maybe we do. Well, it'd be nice to return the text to be able to verify it quickly and just make a file. Okay. That's fine. Let's create a new function We'll call it preview and save. I mean, technically, you know, Python, clean code one function only does one thing or function is going to do two things. It's going to preview and it's going to save. And then we need to pass in an audio file. And we're going to return a string. Yeah
We'll call it preview and save. I mean, technically, you know, Python, clean code one function only does one thing or function is going to do two things. It's going to preview and it's going to save. And then we need to pass in an audio file. And we're going to return a string. Yeah Yeah. Jen, what does that colon passive dot path do? Stuff. It tells VS code as well as. Where it needs to get it. Yeah. It tells it where it's looking for that audio file and how to find a path. Well, it's just telling you what type of input that that's expecting close, very close though
Yeah. Jen, what does that colon passive dot path do? Stuff. It tells VS code as well as. Where it needs to get it. Yeah. It tells it where it's looking for that audio file and how to find a path. Well, it's just telling you what type of input that that's expecting close, very close though And then the arrow, STR. What is that? What is that telling you telling you that it's a string? Well, it's going to return a string. Correct. Is it going to return a string? It's going to return a string and save a file. OK, add that to the comment, the doc string. Press enter at three
And then the arrow, STR. What is that? What is that telling you telling you that it's a string? Well, it's going to return a string. Correct. Is it going to return a string? It's going to return a string and save a file. OK, add that to the comment, the doc string. Press enter at three Yeah, that transcribe audio text to file. That's called a doc string. And describe an audio file and save file to save. Yeah. Save transcript file. Save. However, you want to, however, you want to name it, but naming is important. So let's name it correctly. All right, cool
Yeah, that transcribe audio text to file. That's called a doc string. And describe an audio file and save file to save. Yeah. Save transcript file. Save. However, you want to, however, you want to name it, but naming is important. So let's name it correctly. All right, cool All right, cool. So now what we need to do is we need to say transcription equals transcribe audio file audio file. Script transcription equal audio file. Well, no, the transcribe audio file. We're going to call the function above. Oh, because that's doing all the work. Transcribe audio file
All right, cool. So now what we need to do is we need to say transcription equals transcribe audio file audio file. Script transcription equal audio file. Well, no, the transcribe audio file. We're going to call the function above. Oh, because that's doing all the work. Transcribe audio file We're going to save its outputs to a variable called transcription, which is trans. So that's why we had transcription equals transcribe audio file. Yeah, we don't have transcription defined anywhere though. Well, this is where we're defining it. Oh, yeah. Yeah
We're going to save its outputs to a variable called transcription, which is trans. So that's why we had transcription equals transcribe audio file. Yeah, we don't have transcription defined anywhere though. Well, this is where we're defining it. Oh, yeah. Yeah Oh, yeah. Yeah. Also, are you using to change your spacing? Wait, I'm confused because it says that it has spacing as for, but that's definitely not for that's two. It's for it. Okay. Three. Four. Interesting. Okay. It just looks small. Okay
Oh, yeah. Yeah. Also, are you using to change your spacing? Wait, I'm confused because it says that it has spacing as for, but that's definitely not for that's two. It's for it. Okay. Three. Four. Interesting. Okay. It just looks small. Okay Okay. So now that we've also transcribed audio files, a function. So we got a, we got to call the actual function with that's where you put the parentheses around it. Nope, but the parentheses at the end
Okay. So now that we've also transcribed audio files, a function. So we got a, we got to call the actual function with that's where you put the parentheses around it. Nope, but the parentheses at the end And we need to give it an audio file path, which is the audio file that we're going to pass into. Yeah. Beautiful. Do we need the path lab? Nope. Okay. And then from there, so I would go to the end and then do a new line. All right
And we need to give it an audio file path, which is the audio file that we're going to pass into. Yeah. Beautiful. Do we need the path lab? Nope. Okay. And then from there, so I would go to the end and then do a new line. All right So now that we have a transcription, you said you actually want to view that transcription first, right
So now that we have a transcription, you said you actually want to view that transcription first, right I wouldn't say I need to do it first, but if it like pops, like if we were able to see it right away, then I know if something happened that I need to rerun it, I don't care that it saves multiple files
I wouldn't say I need to do it first, but if it like pops, like if we were able to see it right away, then I know if something happened that I need to rerun it, I don't care that it saves multiple files If I have to rerun it. There's a small, we can, we can, instead of doing that, just go to where it says verbose above and set that to true. Because that's, that's going to write out. True's got, yeah, we'll say we're in Python, then we capitalize our T's and our F's. Okay
If I have to rerun it. There's a small, we can, we can, instead of doing that, just go to where it says verbose above and set that to true. Because that's, that's going to write out. True's got, yeah, we'll say we're in Python, then we capitalize our T's and our F's. Okay Okay. Because that's going to do that for us. Then we need to write that transcription to whatever our file path is. And I don't know what you want to call that. That could be something that you pass in as well
Okay. Because that's going to do that for us. Then we need to write that transcription to whatever our file path is. And I don't know what you want to call that. That could be something that you pass in as well So you can say like transcription file name or something like that as a function or sorry, as a, as an attribute of that function. Um, that sounds very scary because if I go back to my channel, like there is no proper naming can mention. Cool. That means you get to make one up. Oh, God. Okay
So you can say like transcription file name or something like that as a function or sorry, as a, as an attribute of that function. Um, that sounds very scary because if I go back to my channel, like there is no proper naming can mention. Cool. That means you get to make one up. Oh, God. Okay Oh, God. Okay. All right. So where you have, you see, we have preview and save audio file, path, do a comma and then just do transcription file name as well. Up here. Mm hmm. Come on. Transcription. What? underscore file name. Frile name, file name. Uh, that's going to be a path, live path as well
Oh, God. Okay. All right. So where you have, you see, we have preview and save audio file, path, do a comma and then just do transcription file name as well. Up here. Mm hmm. Come on. Transcription. What? underscore file name. Frile name, file name. Uh, that's going to be a path, live path as well Um, we're using type or though. Okay. We're going to, we're going to get into type or just a little bit. Actually, no, we're not because ultimately you don't care about that part. You just want it to work. Um, I don't care about it yet. Maybe someday
Um, we're using type or though. Okay. We're going to, we're going to get into type or just a little bit. Actually, no, we're not because ultimately you don't care about that part. You just want it to work. Um, I don't care about it yet. Maybe someday Maybe someday. But it's one of those things where like it would be good if we told it that, hey, this can't exist already. So if you said, hey, transcription file name, transcript, you know, zero one, if you did transcript zero one again, it would override it. You could, I'm okay with that
Maybe someday. But it's one of those things where like it would be good if we told it that, hey, this can't exist already. So if you said, hey, transcription file name, transcript, you know, zero one, if you did transcript zero one again, it would override it. You could, I'm okay with that It can override. Okay. Yeah. As long as you're cool with it. Um, all right. So then we're going to do, we're going to do transcription file name at the bottom of the code here, yeah, right there. Transcription file name. Dot, write text. Transcription. Dot transcription
It can override. Okay. Yeah. As long as you're cool with it. Um, all right. So then we're going to do, we're going to do transcription file name at the bottom of the code here, yeah, right there. Transcription file name. Dot, write text. Transcription. Dot transcription Dot transcription. Nope, we're going to, that's a function. So write text is a function. So we need to give it the, uh, note, we got to give it the way we boy. Yeah. Yeah. For parentheses or not, those are braces. Those are curly boys. Smooth boys. There we go. Round boys
Dot transcription. Nope, we're going to, that's a function. So write text is a function. So we need to give it the, uh, note, we got to give it the way we boy. Yeah. Yeah. For parentheses or not, those are braces. Those are curly boys. Smooth boys. There we go. Round boys Round boys. I think is what we call them round round boys. Round boys. Round boys. Okay. What did I, what was I supposed to actually put in here? Transcription. Okay. Thank you. Because we write the transcription into the transcription file name. All right
Round boys. I think is what we call them round round boys. Round boys. Round boys. Okay. What did I, what was I supposed to actually put in here? Transcription. Okay. Thank you. Because we write the transcription into the transcription file name. All right All right. And then go down to, what I really need to call it preview and save. We just need to call it like save transcription. So just do save transcription here. And no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, change the file, change the function name
All right. And then go down to, what I really need to call it preview and save. We just need to call it like save transcription. So just do save transcription here. And no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, change the file, change the function name That way the function name is accurate of what it's doing. What did you want it to be called? Save transcription. And then what we also want to do is we want to specify that the function above is only used internally. So let's add it underscore in front of transcribe audio file
That way the function name is accurate of what it's doing. What did you want it to be called? Save transcription. And then what we also want to do is we want to specify that the function above is only used internally. So let's add it underscore in front of transcribe audio file At the up at the in the define. Transcribe audio files will put it put a underscore at the front of that. Again, these are things that you know, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. that where it says, deaf space, put an underscore in front of it
At the up at the in the define. Transcribe audio files will put it put a underscore at the front of that. Again, these are things that you know, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. that where it says, deaf space, put an underscore in front of it That underscore doesn't really do anything in front of the deaf and in front of in front of in front of transcribe. Again, that doesn't do anything, but you know, it's not made a little bit darker
That underscore doesn't really do anything in front of the deaf and in front of in front of in front of transcribe. Again, that doesn't do anything, but you know, it's not made a little bit darker That that is indicating that, hey, this is a thing that we don't want to publicly expose because it's not getting used outside of this. This is being used by like internally. Again, not a big deal, not a thing that you need to sweat too much about
That that is indicating that, hey, this is a thing that we don't want to publicly expose because it's not getting used outside of this. This is being used by like internally. Again, not a big deal, not a thing that you need to sweat too much about It's just so that as I'm looking at it, I know that this is a thing being called internally to the thing. Technically, most of this stuff should be should be with the underscore, but hey, I'm trying to set up good practices
It's just so that as I'm looking at it, I know that this is a thing being called internally to the thing. Technically, most of this stuff should be should be with the underscore, but hey, I'm trying to set up good practices So make sure you change the name and transcription equals transcribe audio file there. Yeah, I was going to say line 91. Yeah, all right, and then screw it onto the bottom and change that type of run to save whatever. Nope, save whatever whatever whatever our new function is called
So make sure you change the name and transcription equals transcribe audio file there. Yeah, I was going to say line 91. Yeah, all right, and then screw it onto the bottom and change that type of run to save whatever. Nope, save whatever whatever whatever our new function is called Safe from description. Yeah. Cool. All right. So now open up the terminal. And then you're going to do Python tools slash transcribe dash, dash help. It's transcribed.py. I'm sorry. So it'll want the file name. Enter. No such file directory. Why? Oh, we should see. It's thinking
Safe from description. Yeah. Cool. All right. So now open up the terminal. And then you're going to do Python tools slash transcribe dash, dash help. It's transcribed.py. I'm sorry. So it'll want the file name. Enter. No such file directory. Why? Oh, we should see. It's thinking It's thinking. No, it's probably downloading the model for whisper. Oh, it's did something. Yeah, it did whisper things. All right. That's enough. Scroll down. SSL certificate failed. What? Yeah, whisper load model base checkpoint file. What? Hold on. I was like, I broke my keyboard, lifting it up
It's thinking. No, it's probably downloading the model for whisper. Oh, it's did something. Yeah, it did whisper things. All right. That's enough. Scroll down. SSL certificate failed. What? Yeah, whisper load model base checkpoint file. What? Hold on. I was like, I broke my keyboard, lifting it up I didn't break it, but like I disconnected. I've had a. Maclemore and Ryan Lewis, thrift shop stuck in my head for the last week. And one line is. Uh, like I got a broken keyboard. I gave a broken keyboard. And import SSL. This isn't an answer. It just turns off SSL verification. That's funny
I didn't break it, but like I disconnected. I've had a. Maclemore and Ryan Lewis, thrift shop stuck in my head for the last week. And one line is. Uh, like I got a broken keyboard. I gave a broken keyboard. And import SSL. This isn't an answer. It just turns off SSL verification. That's funny That's funny. I like, I like the answer. Um, can I get program for run it fails at SSL verification? I've tried using different things. Um, okay. What was your error? It wasn't, was it SSL verification? Uh, SSL sort of certificate certificate verification. Yeah, SSL verification. Wow. Okay
That's funny. I like, I like the answer. Um, can I get program for run it fails at SSL verification? I've tried using different things. Um, okay. What was your error? It wasn't, was it SSL verification? Uh, SSL sort of certificate certificate verification. Yeah, SSL verification. Wow. Okay Wow. Okay. That's excellent for to say. This is annoying. Well, that's option. I know, I think that's, I think that's the option that I know. I don't know. I mean, well, I know a lot of options. It cannot load the models because of the site that are being referenced from is not trusted
Wow. Okay. That's excellent for to say. This is annoying. Well, that's option. I know, I think that's, I think that's the option that I know. I don't know. I mean, well, I know a lot of options. It cannot load the models because of the site that are being referenced from is not trusted Same issue occurs either in the main OS environment or within Python. This works inside of Python to the thing. Okay. Well, um, the models are stored in home cash whisper. You can download them. Whisper load model. Um, running the following command works. Oh, pip install upgrade certify
Same issue occurs either in the main OS environment or within Python. This works inside of Python to the thing. Okay. Well, um, the models are stored in home cash whisper. You can download them. Whisper load model. Um, running the following command works. Oh, pip install upgrade certify Here we go. Here we go. Um, that's interesting. Okay. So I'm going to, I'm going to private. Uh, no, pip install. It's pip install dash dash upgrade. Certify isn't spelled with the why it's C E R T I F I. Okay. I know, I know. Okay, I'm going to install pep and upgrade because it's
Here we go. Here we go. Um, that's interesting. Okay. So I'm going to, I'm going to private. Uh, no, pip install. It's pip install dash dash upgrade. Certify isn't spelled with the why it's C E R T I F I. Okay. I know, I know. Okay, I'm going to install pep and upgrade because it's Yeah, it's, it's, it's going to ask you to do that every time you ever do anything with pit. Try it again. I mean, no, no, not that, not that part run run the type or thing. Python dash or Python. Yeah, that one. No, still failed. Interesting. Interesting. This work for me running the install
Yeah, it's, it's, it's going to ask you to do that every time you ever do anything with pit. Try it again. I mean, no, no, not that, not that part run run the type or thing. Python dash or Python. Yeah, that one. No, still failed. Interesting. Interesting. This work for me running the install The certificate's command in the folder. Wait. Do type in which pip. Okay, that's the right pip. Want to make sure. Hmm. Certify failed certificate chain. All right. I didn't want to do the other thing, but we can do the other thing. At the very top. You're going to do. Oh, I think I remember this
The certificate's command in the folder. Wait. Do type in which pip. Okay, that's the right pip. Want to make sure. Hmm. Certify failed certificate chain. All right. I didn't want to do the other thing, but we can do the other thing. At the very top. You're going to do. Oh, I think I remember this I think that there's like a hold on. Python. Environment variable. SSL. Unverified. I could have sworn there's an environment variable that you can. Five ways to do this. The reason I want you to do it. If we can do it through a environment variable is you use deer. M
I think that there's like a hold on. Python. Environment variable. SSL. Unverified. I could have sworn there's an environment variable that you can. Five ways to do this. The reason I want you to do it. If we can do it through a environment variable is you use deer. M M. I know you used your M because I got to use your M. So if you'd use deer him, then you can set it for just that folder, which I mean, you can also just set it for the code itself, but. Mm. Yeah, update SSL certificate with PIP installed a dasheshot gray certified. We did that already
M. I know you used your M because I got to use your M. So if you'd use deer him, then you can set it for just that folder, which I mean, you can also just set it for the code itself, but. Mm. Yeah, update SSL certificate with PIP installed a dasheshot gray certified. We did that already It's so didn't work. Okay, maybe I was wrong. Maybe that didn't do it. Maybe that doesn't do it. Okay. So we can do the create unverified context. Go to the top of that transcript, the that transcript.pi file
It's so didn't work. Okay, maybe I was wrong. Maybe that didn't do it. Maybe that doesn't do it. Okay. So we can do the create unverified context. Go to the top of that transcript, the that transcript.pi filepi file. See, can I make this, can I separate this window? So I want to need to be able to read this. Okay. So at the very top, you're going to import SSL. Not a fun, not a fan of the solution, but okay. And then the next line you're going to do. Is I don't have
pi file. See, can I make this, can I separate this window? So I want to need to be able to read this. Okay. So at the very top, you're going to import SSL. Not a fun, not a fan of the solution, but okay. And then the next line you're going to do. Is I don't have Is I don't have. I'm going to copy it to you and private chat just because I don't want to mess it up. Why did it? For the love. Okay. Well, I can just. No, because it's it wasn't that the import SSL part. Yeah. Don't separate your imports. So copy that line. Nope
Is I don't have. I'm going to copy it to you and private chat just because I don't want to mess it up. Why did it? For the love. Okay. Well, I can just. No, because it's it wasn't that the import SSL part. Yeah. Don't separate your imports. So copy that line. Nope Nope. Copy the copy everything from where your cursor is to the right. Nope. Just the SSL create default. TPS context. That whole thing. Just cut that. And then scroll down. And paste it above app equals type or stuff
Nope. Copy the copy everything from where your cursor is to the right. Nope. Just the SSL create default. TPS context. That whole thing. Just cut that. And then scroll down. And paste it above app equals type or stuff Technically, as long as you paste it before you get to the load model, you should be fine. Well, you want some spacing in there, but it's fine. Fine. The imports and froms, but all the imports could be together. So. In Python, the standard for this is everything that's a standard
Technically, as long as you paste it before you get to the load model, you should be fine. Well, you want some spacing in there, but it's fine. Fine. The imports and froms, but all the imports could be together. So. In Python, the standard for this is everything that's a standard The application should be together. Then you add a new line. And then everything that you actually import directly. We have linters that do this stuff for you. And I'll explain that to you later. Okay, run it again. It's doing stuff
The application should be together. Then you add a new line. And then everything that you actually import directly. We have linters that do this stuff for you. And I'll explain that to you later. Okay, run it again. It's doing stuff It's doing stuff. Yeah, it needed to download the model and it couldn't download the model because the SSL certificate of the model isn't a verified certificate. All right. Cool. So now we get what we needed to get. Sweet. So this tells us how we use how we use this command
It's doing stuff. Yeah, it needed to download the model and it couldn't download the model because the SSL certificate of the model isn't a verified certificate. All right. Cool. So now we get what we needed to get. Sweet. So this tells us how we use how we use this command You see where it says transcribed.py and then audio file, transcription, file name. They're both arguments. It's just we want to make sure that we're doing this in the right order. So. You could also just force it to do it that way too, but. I'm trying to save you time in this. So. If you do
You see where it says transcribed.py and then audio file, transcription, file name. They're both arguments. It's just we want to make sure that we're doing this in the right order. So. You could also just force it to do it that way too, but. I'm trying to save you time in this. So. If you do So. If you do. Python transcribed.py. I guess it's tools slash transcribed.py. But. And then you need to pass in the path to the download file that you downloaded. Online. Let me put it in the same folder. Yeah. Or at least in this. Two things. Yeah
So. If you do. Python transcribed.py. I guess it's tools slash transcribed.py. But. And then you need to pass in the path to the download file that you downloaded. Online. Let me put it in the same folder. Yeah. Or at least in this. Two things. Yeah Two things. Yeah. Just don't just don't commit it, which I think I might have updated the get ignored to not include those things. Um, then I'll do it in a separate folder, but. Now you can do it in a set. You can do it in the same folder. Just make sure that. MP3 files are ignored
Two things. Yeah. Just don't just don't commit it, which I think I might have updated the get ignored to not include those things. Um, then I'll do it in a separate folder, but. Now you can do it in a set. You can do it in the same folder. Just make sure that. MP3 files are ignored I'm looking at the 84 files that it says have changed among like whoa that's. Because we deleted all of the episodes. Oh yeah, that's right. That's right. So yeah, go ahead and. Go ahead and load up the new MP3. Like over here on mine
I'm looking at the 84 files that it says have changed among like whoa that's. Because we deleted all of the episodes. Oh yeah, that's right. That's right. So yeah, go ahead and. Go ahead and load up the new MP3. Like over here on mine Okay, what were some of the things that I didn't like about this. Uh, G H issue create. The title is. Okay, so I put audio files and then I put. The name of the episode. Mm hmm. Or just whatever, no, the name of the file. So whatever you want to call the file, you want to call it
Okay, what were some of the things that I didn't like about this. Uh, G H issue create. The title is. Okay, so I put audio files and then I put. The name of the episode. Mm hmm. Or just whatever, no, the name of the file. So whatever you want to call the file, you want to call it Oh, well, don't I need to tell it what it's already called or do I need to rename it before I called it. Um, No, your audio files is fine. Um, that's why I would I would wrap that in quotes. It looks like because it seems like that is. Not. Okay, hold on. Let's do this
Oh, well, don't I need to tell it what it's already called or do I need to rename it before I called it. Um, No, your audio files is fine. Um, that's why I would I would wrap that in quotes. It looks like because it seems like that is. Not. Okay, hold on. Let's do this Let's do this. Yeah, because you have spaces in there. Make sure you. What happened? I'm deleted it because I'm changing the link hold on. Okay. We're going to do this. It is. Good. Okay. There. I mean that works too. All right. So now enter
Let's do this. Yeah, because you have spaces in there. Make sure you. What happened? I'm deleted it because I'm changing the link hold on. Okay. We're going to do this. It is. Good. Okay. There. I mean that works too. All right. So now enter So now enter. Nope, because you still need to give it the transcription file name. So then I would want that in transcripts. And I don't want it to be a dot MP3. I want it to be a text rate. There. Now hit enter. Oh, it did things. Okay. So this is fine. This is just this is talking to you
So now enter. Nope, because you still need to give it the transcription file name. So then I would want that in transcripts. And I don't want it to be a dot MP3. I want it to be a text rate. There. Now hit enter. Oh, it did things. Okay. So this is fine. This is just this is talking to you It's ready. It expected a numpy array. I'm trying to go to the beginning of it. You're using torch dot load. Flip to true. Extreme unpickling arbitrary objects would no longer be allowed. The case you don't have control. Let it. For any case, you don't have to control. Please open to get a issue
It's ready. It expected a numpy array. I'm trying to go to the beginning of it. You're using torch dot load. Flip to true. Extreme unpickling arbitrary objects would no longer be allowed. The case you don't have control. Let it. For any case, you don't have to control. Please open to get a issue F16 is not supported using F32 instead. I mean, that's fine. I'm just I'm just confused in. Where it's vomiting. I'm just going to. Oh, go on. That's the end of it. Okay. If also if not torches tensor. You have to tell it to
F16 is not supported using F32 instead. I mean, that's fine. I'm just I'm just confused in. Where it's vomiting. I'm just going to. Oh, go on. That's the end of it. Okay. If also if not torches tensor. You have to tell it to Can it do it from an MP3 or do we have to do it from a wave file? It's that's not it. Oh, um, do you have FF MPa installed? I'm guessing that you do since you've done this before. Just type in FF MPa. All one word. Yeah, you do. Okay. So that's not the problem. Let me see. Open AI whisper
Can it do it from an MP3 or do we have to do it from a wave file? It's that's not it. Oh, um, do you have FF MPa installed? I'm guessing that you do since you've done this before. Just type in FF MPa. All one word. Yeah, you do. Okay. So that's not the problem. Let me see. Open AI whisper Open AI whisper. We use the use 39 pie torches to train and test our model. It's fine. The code base depends on a few packages. Open AI is tick token for their fast tokenizer implementation. You can download and install latest release with open AI whisper. We did that
Open AI whisper. We use the use 39 pie torches to train and test our model. It's fine. The code base depends on a few packages. Open AI is tick token for their fast tokenizer implementation. You can download and install latest release with open AI whisper. We did that We did that. Don't need to do any of those things. Also require a set of a film peg. We did that. You may need rust as well in case tic token does not provide a preview. Will prebuilt will don't need that. Um, am I should I brew and solve rust? I can't
We did that. Don't need to do any of those things. Also require a set of a film peg. We did that. You may need rust as well in case tic token does not provide a preview. Will prebuilt will don't need that. Um, am I should I brew and solve rust? I can't No, no, no, no, you don't need to brew and install rust. Um, there is something missing. But I don't know. Well, let's go. So I'll list clearly. Currently the trans Sims. I've read the entire font process and audio use delay the second window performing auto regressive sequence. Requ relatable
No, no, no, no, you don't need to brew and install rust. Um, there is something missing. But I don't know. Well, let's go. So I'll list clearly. Currently the trans Sims. I've read the entire font process and audio use delay the second window performing auto regressive sequence. Requ relatable Requ relatable. What's it? That's not the problem. Well, first and foremost, I run it on my machine. Let's find out. See. Yeah transcripts if I do I Don't need to share my screen for this
Requ relatable. What's it? That's not the problem. Well, first and foremost, I run it on my machine. Let's find out. See. Yeah transcripts if I do I Don't need to share my screen for this This is gonna be quick Okay Yep, okay um Tools transcribe a3 a2 one on That download everything because I just want to see if there's like something that I'm missing on Mine that has the same problem Make sense now mine's running just fine Story in my life. Yeah, no, it's it works on my machine
This is gonna be quick Okay Yep, okay um Tools transcribe a3 a2 one on That download everything because I just want to see if there's like something that I'm missing on Mine that has the same problem Make sense now mine's running just fine Story in my life. Yeah, no, it's it works on my machine Um, okay, so Well, I'm curious um, can I Why don't I Push this and then have you try to run this one on your machine
Um, okay, so Well, I'm curious um, can I Why don't I Push this and then have you try to run this one on your machine Because I'm wondering if it's something that we changed I mean if you want to do that, yeah Expected a numpy india ray and got a pausic path All right, so my early early early early suspicion is that The some of the things that we changed Uh None of that matters none of that matters Download the file Stream it get the chunk Then we just get the name that's fine And then from there transcribe from episode number Episode number is just the integer metadata URL posts um output file path Right text okay, so transcription is equal to transcribe from audio file Or from audio URL Transcribe from audio URL does I'm just trying to make sure that my transcribe from audio URL Didn't do some other goofy thing um audio file download audio file that just gives me the path name Download iofiles returns a path name Transcribe audio file Just runs transcription model transcribe Yeah Interesting Okay, so you you push your code yes, okay, and then I just don't use the link did it include your audio file
Because I'm wondering if it's something that we changed I mean if you want to do that, yeah Expected a numpy india ray and got a pausic path All right, so my early early early early suspicion is that The some of the things that we changed Uh None of that matters none of that matters Download the file Stream it get the chunk Then we just get the name that's fine And then from there transcribe from episode number Episode number is just the integer metadata URL posts um output file path Right text okay, so transcription is equal to transcribe from audio file Or from audio URL Transcribe from audio URL does I'm just trying to make sure that my transcribe from audio URL Didn't do some other goofy thing um audio file download audio file that just gives me the path name Download iofiles returns a path name Transcribe audio file Just runs transcription model transcribe Yeah Interesting Okay, so you you push your code yes, okay, and then I just don't use the link did it include your audio file Oh, yeah Because I forgot to get ignore it Yeah, that's fine
Oh, yeah Because I forgot to get ignore it Yeah, that's fine But hey now you have my audio file and I will Get ignore stuff get ignore Uh new window Cool And then I need to go back to there Cool we're gonna GH repo clone What is yours called tjct transcribes and you're just ginginod all lowercase Yeah, I'm GitHub T does it tjtjt what transcribes transcribes Be something as simple as like hey numpy suppose they'll also be downloaded and it's not or something I don't know um What I put it in the distributory Just put it in the folder name Yeah, and you just do you just do audio files call it a day Just do audio files just remove the forward slash just audio files Um, and then yeah add a strailing slash on the end boom You still got to get remove the other stuff though All right cool What you're gonna want to do get get rm dash dash dash Remove them it when I read up
But hey now you have my audio file and I will Get ignore stuff get ignore Uh new window Cool And then I need to go back to there Cool we're gonna GH repo clone What is yours called tjct transcribes and you're just ginginod all lowercase Yeah, I'm GitHub T does it tjtjt what transcribes transcribes Be something as simple as like hey numpy suppose they'll also be downloaded and it's not or something I don't know um What I put it in the distributory Just put it in the folder name Yeah, and you just do you just do audio files call it a day Just do audio files just remove the forward slash just audio files Um, and then yeah add a strailing slash on the end boom You still got to get remove the other stuff though All right cool What you're gonna want to do get get rm dash dash dash Remove them it when I read up No because Nope Once it's added to get history it's out to the get history until you tell it doesn't need to be added All right, um, so I am here
No because Nope Once it's added to get history it's out to the get history until you tell it doesn't need to be added All right, um, so I am here I'm gonna share my screen Okay over here Do it um Um, also I'm sorry for people's eyes Oh I did it don't mind me there you go it's fixed Can you zoom in a bit please yeah trying My keyboard got mad at me again I cannot zoom in again Okay Oh yeah, there we go Is that better
I'm gonna share my screen Okay over here Do it um Um, also I'm sorry for people's eyes Oh I did it don't mind me there you go it's fixed Can you zoom in a bit please yeah trying My keyboard got mad at me again I cannot zoom in again Okay Oh yeah, there we go Is that better Yeah, yes, thank you all right so There we go Yeah, you don't need half the stuff uh Python all right Yeah, Python dash and Hmm Okay And I did add link chain to this so it should Did you add it to the requirements to txt yeah Okay The suspense I feel like this means that we're probably since we only have half an hour left That will end up streaming sometime next week or tomorrow to finish this Oh my god Well once we get this working the next step is you got to download you got to generate all your transcripts And I mean we could do a thing where you like um Auto auto upload Which is kind of where I'm I'm trying to get to with this as well as where like again That's why I want to have my own terraform file that says hey load this thing in Pulled on the transcript chunk it automatically upload it to the places it needs to be uploaded to Um And also do that and just let GitHub do it so I don't have to That's why I was saying there's a GitHub action in there that is gonna fail because I started developing that And I know it wasn't working when I last tried it Um transcribe and then you said there's an audio file in there
Yeah, yes, thank you all right so There we go Yeah, you don't need half the stuff uh Python all right Yeah, Python dash and Hmm Okay And I did add link chain to this so it should Did you add it to the requirements to txt yeah Okay The suspense I feel like this means that we're probably since we only have half an hour left That will end up streaming sometime next week or tomorrow to finish this Oh my god Well once we get this working the next step is you got to download you got to generate all your transcripts And I mean we could do a thing where you like um Auto auto upload Which is kind of where I'm I'm trying to get to with this as well as where like again That's why I want to have my own terraform file that says hey load this thing in Pulled on the transcript chunk it automatically upload it to the places it needs to be uploaded to Um And also do that and just let GitHub do it so I don't have to That's why I was saying there's a GitHub action in there that is gonna fail because I started developing that And I know it wasn't working when I last tried it Um transcribe and then you said there's an audio file in there Yep
Yep Yeah, I really call this test Txc It's downloading things I Ha Oh Okay, so Let's look at my version that's done that did the thing um hey That's not it either There you go this one all right, so The thing that I was doing here was I was streaming this audio file in Letting it into bytes That's weird That's weird okay Um, I'm gonna take my screen down for a second
Yeah, I really call this test Txc It's downloading things I Ha Oh Okay, so Let's look at my version that's done that did the thing um hey That's not it either There you go this one all right, so The thing that I was doing here was I was streaming this audio file in Letting it into bytes That's weird That's weird okay Um, I'm gonna take my screen down for a second I'm gonna put your screen up Just so that I can make sure I don't have anything set on mine That I need to Do on yours Uh, all tokens those are fine indexes those are fine But separate all token are the same token those aren't the same tokens
I'm gonna put your screen up Just so that I can make sure I don't have anything set on mine That I need to Do on yours Uh, all tokens those are fine indexes those are fine But separate all token are the same token those aren't the same tokens I don't know where that one's going That's wild um Could it be the Oh with temp file
I don't know where that one's going That's wild um Could it be the Oh with temp file Got named temp file that one Yeah, but that's not the That's not the problem because Your audio is your audio you don't you don't have to do anything with the audio Um, this is what down this just downloads the audio Hmm I just think that's so wild that like it was like not uh Oh wait, I'm in mine I mean Yeah, because it's not gonna go through because I don't have it from the URL But but I mean that doesn't matter because As long as you've got an mp3 Encoder audio encoder
Got named temp file that one Yeah, but that's not the That's not the problem because Your audio is your audio you don't you don't have to do anything with the audio Um, this is what down this just downloads the audio Hmm I just think that's so wild that like it was like not uh Oh wait, I'm in mine I mean Yeah, because it's not gonna go through because I don't have it from the URL But but I mean that doesn't matter because As long as you've got an mp3 Encoder audio encoder I just want to make sure that it's not like some setting That needs to be updated verbose um, I mean the one thing that is different is I have verbose turned off Uh, so let me No Now verbose turned off still didn't work But I got a type error expected mp
I just want to make sure that it's not like some setting That needs to be updated verbose um, I mean the one thing that is different is I have verbose turned off Uh, so let me No Now verbose turned off still didn't work But I got a type error expected mpnd array Yeah, it's the same same error Um That's wild that it's All right, well, let's go to there See whisper expected numpy array Okay, I want to send speech to whisper as an umpy array Documentation says this is possible, but I get the correct transcriptions I'm gonna do some piotrio stuff Yeah, this is interesting on Hmm Return mp from buffer slide now as a as an mmp array The thing that I'm confused about is why does it it doesn't need to be an mp array Go to your model No, sorry, I got a transcript up high Okay Um, your model is base You That doesn't make sense that my version works on my machine your version But your version doesn't work on my machine and the only thing that we changed is what the file is saved as This is not like I'm saving it as an mp array And then we'll try that I think that's gonna be the same thing Yeah, you gotta change yeah, you gotta change stuff down there too You need the Redic on that one Transcribe I'm guessing you'll get the same error Oh, yeah, it doesn't know how to save it because you've taken out the save yeah, yeah, you take it out I don't I don't think that's it because the transcription takes time Um, so if there's a problem the problem would be in the first part not the second part um The thing that I'm interested in is is there something in Let's do some explore this some exploring import whisper whisper Let's see dear whisper oh, we gotta do a model
nd array Yeah, it's the same same error Um That's wild that it's All right, well, let's go to there See whisper expected numpy array Okay, I want to send speech to whisper as an umpy array Documentation says this is possible, but I get the correct transcriptions I'm gonna do some piotrio stuff Yeah, this is interesting on Hmm Return mp from buffer slide now as a as an mmp array The thing that I'm confused about is why does it it doesn't need to be an mp array Go to your model No, sorry, I got a transcript up high Okay Um, your model is base You That doesn't make sense that my version works on my machine your version But your version doesn't work on my machine and the only thing that we changed is what the file is saved as This is not like I'm saving it as an mp array And then we'll try that I think that's gonna be the same thing Yeah, you gotta change yeah, you gotta change stuff down there too You need the Redic on that one Transcribe I'm guessing you'll get the same error Oh, yeah, it doesn't know how to save it because you've taken out the save yeah, yeah, you take it out I don't I don't think that's it because the transcription takes time Um, so if there's a problem the problem would be in the first part not the second part um The thing that I'm interested in is is there something in Let's do some explore this some exploring import whisper whisper Let's see dear whisper oh, we gotta do a model So model is equal to whisper load model yeah Load model and we want to do the base model Okay, base model is done What does this say
So model is equal to whisper load model yeah Load model and we want to do the base model Okay, base model is done What does this say Oh Future warning you're using torch load with weights only false the current default value which uses the default pickle module implicitly It's it is possible to construct a malicious pickle Um, in the future at least default value for weights only will be flipped to true this limits the functions They could be executed during unpickling
Oh Future warning you're using torch load with weights only false the current default value which uses the default pickle module implicitly It's it is possible to construct a malicious pickle Um, in the future at least default value for weights only will be flipped to true this limits the functions They could be executed during unpickling That's fine arbitrary subjects will no longer be allowed to load We recommend you start setting weights only true for any use case. We don't have full control of the load file I don't really care about that
That's fine arbitrary subjects will no longer be allowed to load We recommend you start setting weights only true for any use case. We don't have full control of the load file I don't really care about that I care more about like what is the If we do model see dear model um um Because my guess is that it's like uh There's probably something being that's being set to it's like What is the file expected to be And I don't know i'm trying to see if that somewhere in here device stands the tech language decoder CPU Okay, let's look at the code look at the code we go to whisper We go to model Model dimensions
I care more about like what is the If we do model see dear model um um Because my guess is that it's like uh There's probably something being that's being set to it's like What is the file expected to be And I don't know i'm trying to see if that somewhere in here device stands the tech language decoder CPU Okay, let's look at the code look at the code we go to whisper We go to model Model dimensions Oh, lovely We just call things x in here That's beautiful Come on vomit um Qkv Audio encoder positional buffering Text decoder okay Where is your error your error is sitting there at Scroll up a little bit Audio dot pi 141 okay So i'll I will I'm going to share my screen again All right, okay ignore all this Okay Yeah, we know your directory Audio Okay Okay sample rates frames per second load audio open an audio file and read as a mono waveform resampling is necessary Returns a numpy array This launches a subprocess to decode the audio while down mixing Requires sfmpegs CLI in the path Try Run command capture output is true standard output So part of me wonders if It's your audio file Um, I can download another audio file Well, no testing on their audio file No, it's Because I i'm downloading from just like a standard like Downsized MP3 doing things
Oh, lovely We just call things x in here That's beautiful Come on vomit um Qkv Audio encoder positional buffering Text decoder okay Where is your error your error is sitting there at Scroll up a little bit Audio dot pi 141 okay So i'll I will I'm going to share my screen again All right, okay ignore all this Okay Yeah, we know your directory Audio Okay Okay sample rates frames per second load audio open an audio file and read as a mono waveform resampling is necessary Returns a numpy array This launches a subprocess to decode the audio while down mixing Requires sfmpegs CLI in the path Try Run command capture output is true standard output So part of me wonders if It's your audio file Um, I can download another audio file Well, no testing on their audio file No, it's Because I i'm downloading from just like a standard like Downsized MP3 doing things I don't know how Because What what i'm saying is it's it's a weird that they immediately try to load this as a numpy array For you And they weren't able to generate a numpy array Which is weird Cuz i need second all download an actual like podcast podcast From my podcast just to see if it'll make a difference And it's It to talk about big scene You know, this is interesting that it's Whisper transcribed up high It did not like a different audio file that's literally only been an audio file There's a part of me that wants to Update Here we'll do this But But just to like triple check i will go back to like My first episodes before i knew that stream yard was a thing Um Just to make sure stream yard had nothing to do with it I Don't i don't think stream yard had anything to do with it Hmm Okay so 2023 1117 why is that so old They just like don't care about that anymore I'm dead serious like has it just not been updated is that Maybe i don't know we could ask them i keep doing that i keep going to the wrong Window Here we go Yeah, it's the same version Okay, so it's not it's not a versioning issue It's not like they change anything So it's something that is that is absolutely different in Which the only thing that i could think of is because we're going we're not going from an audio So Give me a second what do you mean
I don't know how Because What what i'm saying is it's it's a weird that they immediately try to load this as a numpy array For you And they weren't able to generate a numpy array Which is weird Cuz i need second all download an actual like podcast podcast From my podcast just to see if it'll make a difference And it's It to talk about big scene You know, this is interesting that it's Whisper transcribed up high It did not like a different audio file that's literally only been an audio file There's a part of me that wants to Update Here we'll do this But But just to like triple check i will go back to like My first episodes before i knew that stream yard was a thing Um Just to make sure stream yard had nothing to do with it I Don't i don't think stream yard had anything to do with it Hmm Okay so 2023 1117 why is that so old They just like don't care about that anymore I'm dead serious like has it just not been updated is that Maybe i don't know we could ask them i keep doing that i keep going to the wrong Window Here we go Yeah, it's the same version Okay, so it's not it's not a versioning issue It's not like they change anything So it's something that is that is absolutely different in Which the only thing that i could think of is because we're going we're not going from an audio So Give me a second what do you mean Like we're not doing a url Yeah, but that's not important The audio the i mean Yes, it could be the reason but it's It's how we process how we download that audio Could be a better reason to why it's not doing it then Hey your mp3 versus my mp3
Like we're not doing a url Yeah, but that's not important The audio the i mean Yes, it could be the reason but it's It's how we process how we download that audio Could be a better reason to why it's not doing it then Hey your mp3 versus my mp3 Why do they look different um Because i don't think they look different i think they're being processed differently um I need to go back to mine Because if i wanted to test a just to see if the url worked i can try The rs s feed from shit to talk about Just to see if it happened to work Okay, let's see here Transcribe audio file audio files a path through getting that path from here Um, it's in temporary file You're in yours now right yeah you are yeah For chunking response it or bytes write chunk Yeah Where is it pulling the audio file or the audio url just how we Put it in there okay
Why do they look different um Because i don't think they look different i think they're being processed differently um I need to go back to mine Because if i wanted to test a just to see if the url worked i can try The rs s feed from shit to talk about Just to see if it happened to work Okay, let's see here Transcribe audio file audio files a path through getting that path from here Um, it's in temporary file You're in yours now right yeah you are yeah For chunking response it or bytes write chunk Yeah Where is it pulling the audio file or the audio url just how we Put it in there okay Yes Audio file from url right there Transcribe audio from audio you have so download audio file from url transfer from audio file Because what mine does is it just downloads it saves it to a temporary path and then transcribes based on that temporary path The metadata and all that other stuff is not important because that's just front matter stuff for the actual file It's not anything Anything important Post front matter post transcription metadata your transcription is the content From audio url return transcribe audio file audio file I just tried it with The url and it didn't work either Same error it's same error Okay, so that tells me it feels like it's a configuration issue But i don't know I don't know what in configuration is different in mine than is yours So i'm going to jump back to yours stand by um Is there a way i can diff Well i can't i can diff the two directories but that's Oh, it's sashed Because you can see that like the The path here i use the url and it couldn't handle it Now you you passed in the rss feed Wouldn't that be the url to the episodes
Yes Audio file from url right there Transcribe audio from audio you have so download audio file from url transfer from audio file Because what mine does is it just downloads it saves it to a temporary path and then transcribes based on that temporary path The metadata and all that other stuff is not important because that's just front matter stuff for the actual file It's not anything Anything important Post front matter post transcription metadata your transcription is the content From audio url return transcribe audio file audio file I just tried it with The url and it didn't work either Same error it's same error Okay, so that tells me it feels like it's a configuration issue But i don't know I don't know what in configuration is different in mine than is yours So i'm going to jump back to yours stand by um Is there a way i can diff Well i can't i can diff the two directories but that's Oh, it's sashed Because you can see that like the The path here i use the url and it couldn't handle it Now you you passed in the rss feed Wouldn't that be the url to the episodes No, it's going to be something something something
No, it's going to be something something something Dot mp3 Okay, then i'll try that You Wait, then how are you Using the rss feed for the mp3 i'm not i'm scraping the website i was saying i should be using the rss feed because rss feed is going to be easier to work with and Scraping a website that could technically change over time um Then just kidding Yeah, you have tried other urls or other and uh mp3 files well there there's kind of the the other part of that too of i don't know if The way that i'm downloading it is the same either um But the the thing that i'm i'm interested in here is Something has to be set differently between the two And i don't know What is set differently between the two and that that bothers me because You forked my code and it worked But or you forked my working code Like do this un uncommon all the things I Did and then didn't work no uncommon all the things And Then okay now run The python tools transcribe and just put in transcribe zero Because that should in theory transcribe my podcast while No, no, no, just zero There your files don't know you want to you want to change instead of Save transcription that's going to transcribe from episode number But i don't have your episodes in there anymore it doesn't matter The episodes aren't pulled from there It'll save it there um episode transcribe from episode number You probably want to make sure the stuff is named the same so scrubs the top I'm care what it names it okay, uh that's just run it It's now i want to make sure that it's called everything to be called the same Yeah, see it's downloading the kind of an episode transcribe audio file got renamed so you need to go back and remove remove the underscore The thing that i did that i was like yeah you should do this because technically blah blah blah yet now i broke everything so You can blame j for for breaking everything It's doing something it just works Well, why does why does it work that way but it doesn't work because it's using your the Your L to the episode But the thing is is it's downloading that url to a file But it still has a url to start with But the url is not important It thinks it is i and i know that because if you go to Uh, it tells you where the file is saved um saving audio file to vars folder tp some random string some random file name So go do this take that random file that it saved just copy that whole line Yeah, that's just audio file Copy that copy that var folders line there Copy Okay now I'm trying to think of the right way to do this because I guess if you do transcribe you do the transcribe is the actual file it doesn't do like it open So let's just open up just open up the REPL so just python inner Okay import whisper Enter import pathlib model equals whisper dot load model base You can tab that out tab No, it's load underscore model Love you're right I mean spacing is kind of whatever uh whisper dot load underscore model And then you're going to do base like you put uh It's really model right i always feel like i's well model wrong
Dot mp3 Okay, then i'll try that You Wait, then how are you Using the rss feed for the mp3 i'm not i'm scraping the website i was saying i should be using the rss feed because rss feed is going to be easier to work with and Scraping a website that could technically change over time um Then just kidding Yeah, you have tried other urls or other and uh mp3 files well there there's kind of the the other part of that too of i don't know if The way that i'm downloading it is the same either um But the the thing that i'm i'm interested in here is Something has to be set differently between the two And i don't know What is set differently between the two and that that bothers me because You forked my code and it worked But or you forked my working code Like do this un uncommon all the things I Did and then didn't work no uncommon all the things And Then okay now run The python tools transcribe and just put in transcribe zero Because that should in theory transcribe my podcast while No, no, no, just zero There your files don't know you want to you want to change instead of Save transcription that's going to transcribe from episode number But i don't have your episodes in there anymore it doesn't matter The episodes aren't pulled from there It'll save it there um episode transcribe from episode number You probably want to make sure the stuff is named the same so scrubs the top I'm care what it names it okay, uh that's just run it It's now i want to make sure that it's called everything to be called the same Yeah, see it's downloading the kind of an episode transcribe audio file got renamed so you need to go back and remove remove the underscore The thing that i did that i was like yeah you should do this because technically blah blah blah yet now i broke everything so You can blame j for for breaking everything It's doing something it just works Well, why does why does it work that way but it doesn't work because it's using your the Your L to the episode But the thing is is it's downloading that url to a file But it still has a url to start with But the url is not important It thinks it is i and i know that because if you go to Uh, it tells you where the file is saved um saving audio file to vars folder tp some random string some random file name So go do this take that random file that it saved just copy that whole line Yeah, that's just audio file Copy that copy that var folders line there Copy Okay now I'm trying to think of the right way to do this because I guess if you do transcribe you do the transcribe is the actual file it doesn't do like it open So let's just open up just open up the REPL so just python inner Okay import whisper Enter import pathlib model equals whisper dot load model base You can tab that out tab No, it's load underscore model Love you're right I mean spacing is kind of whatever uh whisper dot load underscore model And then you're going to do base like you put uh It's really model right i always feel like i's well model wrong No, that's right It's a function so you're going to pass into it base Is the string bases a string That's the name of the model Enter Model dot transcribe And then you're going to pass in you're going to paste in that path Um, so you're going to do model dot transcribe open parentheses do don't like do a pathlib dot path It's capital but it's just capital P everything else lowercase I go and then parentheses quotes Paste Another quote yeah close close You've got a space in there by the way after pathlib dot path You go back to the very very Mother trucker Okay, that's fine
No, that's right It's a function so you're going to pass into it base Is the string bases a string That's the name of the model Enter Model dot transcribe And then you're going to pass in you're going to paste in that path Um, so you're going to do model dot transcribe open parentheses do don't like do a pathlib dot path It's capital but it's just capital P everything else lowercase I go and then parentheses quotes Paste Another quote yeah close close You've got a space in there by the way after pathlib dot path You go back to the very very Mother trucker Okay, that's fine Transcription equals and then all that stuff Equals Half model model dot transcribe Oh, the transcribe quote pathlib dot path And Did it enter yep No And we got to wrap up too in like four minutes Hmm So I'm so confused Because you're right
Transcription equals and then all that stuff Equals Half model model dot transcribe Oh, the transcribe quote pathlib dot path And Did it enter yep No And we got to wrap up too in like four minutes Hmm So I'm so confused Because you're right I mean it's some it's something to do with how it's being downloaded how it's downloaded um What happens if you just pass in as a string you don't do pathlib dot path So just hit up I am waiting There we go I don't feel right but you're missing an extra one just go up and then remove one We're not okay, so hold on yes you're correct, but here's here's the The sticky wicked Oh This code works It just works only for your stuff Yeah, yeah, we get that it wants a nd array Somehow I'm creating an nd array Okay But Okay, just transcription Just entered transcription because it seems like it works that I mean it didn't fail But I'm also confused on like Yeah, that actually works so okay syntax here I don't I don't know why I'm guessing this is just a guess So When I do download audio file when I do all that download stuff The path is being passed in as a string yet take a string with the path but not a path that path Which is weird because you could just do string path that path and that would fix it um Okay, so for you Jen what you're gonna want to do you still want to be a path of path because we want to make sure that in the future We do the thing instead of audio file No, it's correct Right there Where has audio file
I mean it's some it's something to do with how it's being downloaded how it's downloaded um What happens if you just pass in as a string you don't do pathlib dot path So just hit up I am waiting There we go I don't feel right but you're missing an extra one just go up and then remove one We're not okay, so hold on yes you're correct, but here's here's the The sticky wicked Oh This code works It just works only for your stuff Yeah, yeah, we get that it wants a nd array Somehow I'm creating an nd array Okay But Okay, just transcription Just entered transcription because it seems like it works that I mean it didn't fail But I'm also confused on like Yeah, that actually works so okay syntax here I don't I don't know why I'm guessing this is just a guess So When I do download audio file when I do all that download stuff The path is being passed in as a string yet take a string with the path but not a path that path Which is weird because you could just do string path that path and that would fix it um Okay, so for you Jen what you're gonna want to do you still want to be a path of path because we want to make sure that in the future We do the thing instead of audio file No, it's correct Right there Where has audio file Nope, keep that as a path that path keep that as a path path Oh, he because otherwise later on you're gonna try to verify things and it's gonna break Um, where it says audio equals audio file Uh-huh put audio equals str audio file Uh space audio file Nope string is a function in this case so princes yeah, by all Mm-hmm and then say I go down to the bottom Transcribe from episode number change have to save transcription Okay Okay now Go yep in there I want to exit out of that you can type in exit as a function and it'll exit Uh, see look and tell you though That's what you need to do um now run your version again run run your stuff again Mm-hmm up keep going up Okay, go up go up go up go There's no more apps Why there no more apps
Nope, keep that as a path that path keep that as a path path Oh, he because otherwise later on you're gonna try to verify things and it's gonna break Um, where it says audio equals audio file Uh-huh put audio equals str audio file Uh space audio file Nope string is a function in this case so princes yeah, by all Mm-hmm and then say I go down to the bottom Transcribe from episode number change have to save transcription Okay Okay now Go yep in there I want to exit out of that you can type in exit as a function and it'll exit Uh, see look and tell you though That's what you need to do um now run your version again run run your stuff again Mm-hmm up keep going up Okay, go up go up go up go There's no more apps Why there no more apps Oh, I don't know you don't have this reading more Okay, so yeah delete all that and then put in your audio path and then put in your file name That's That's um I don't understand This this is one of those things where like A string is okay, but a file name isn't and the only reason I think that that would even be like manageable is like Maybe you Yeah, you got to remove the underscore in the other one Yeah, right there the green squiggle right there just remove the underscore I was like sometimes I just start like it just starts blurring And And now it worked It's wicked Well We got it working So all because of it means to be a string audio file Okay, so here here's the wrap up to this Where is my pie
Oh, I don't know you don't have this reading more Okay, so yeah delete all that and then put in your audio path and then put in your file name That's That's um I don't understand This this is one of those things where like A string is okay, but a file name isn't and the only reason I think that that would even be like manageable is like Maybe you Yeah, you got to remove the underscore in the other one Yeah, right there the green squiggle right there just remove the underscore I was like sometimes I just start like it just starts blurring And And now it worked It's wicked Well We got it working So all because of it means to be a string audio file Okay, so here here's the wrap up to this Where is my pie This is where my pie and typed Python is great
This is where my pie and typed Python is great Oh This is this is the this is the comment right here This is the comment right there If and I'm not going to say that They didn't type they don't have type hints and things like this entered Because maybe they do Interesting enough they Do And it can either be a string a numpy array or a torch tensor flow Which is you're really really interesting Because The string like what do they do are they uh My brain hurts trying to read this code by the way
Oh This is this is the this is the comment right here This is the comment right there If and I'm not going to say that They didn't type they don't have type hints and things like this entered Because maybe they do Interesting enough they Do And it can either be a string a numpy array or a torch tensor flow Which is you're really really interesting Because The string like what do they do are they uh My brain hurts trying to read this code by the way I'm not blaming them
I'm not blaming them I'm trying to I'm trying to get to the where where the audio file actually gets called Like Because the thing that I'm the thing that I'm most interested in in this is From audio audio is If they're checking if they're allowing you to use a URL and they're saying like This can be This is a string because it can be a URL or it could be a file path And it's just going to assume that If it's not a URL
I'm trying to I'm trying to get to the where where the audio file actually gets called Like Because the thing that I'm the thing that I'm most interested in in this is From audio audio is If they're checking if they're allowing you to use a URL and they're saying like This can be This is a string because it can be a URL or it could be a file path And it's just going to assume that If it's not a URL It's a file path then I can understand why making it a string is okay But Just being a string feels weird Maybe that's also why I did name oh Oh Oh Okay, scroll up Mm-hmm Just right there Notice how when I download this audio file and I've write it to a chunk
It's a file path then I can understand why making it a string is okay But Just being a string feels weird Maybe that's also why I did name oh Oh Oh Okay, scroll up Mm-hmm Just right there Notice how when I download this audio file and I've write it to a chunk I don't return the actual audio file I returned the name of the audio file Because it's a string. It gives it the relative path it f.name returns a string. It doesn't return Otherwise, I would have just returned to f I don't like it I personally don't like it not a fan
I don't return the actual audio file I returned the name of the audio file Because it's a string. It gives it the relative path it f.name returns a string. It doesn't return Otherwise, I would have just returned to f I don't like it I personally don't like it not a fan I'm just saying Um Well, we did what we could This is fine. This is perfect because this means that now f being the file handler. Yeah We can pick up back on this later Because we got a wrap up. Yes, like four minutes ago. Yes
I'm just saying Um Well, we did what we could This is fine. This is perfect because this means that now f being the file handler. Yeah We can pick up back on this later Because we got a wrap up. Yes, like four minutes ago. Yes So what what do you need to do now now that this works
So what what do you need to do now now that this works Uh, I'm going to upload to get hub and and try Seeing what happens and come back to it after I step away for a bit because right now my mind is mush Yeah, and I don't want to break it beforehand So I was I was just going to say start saving more transcripts get your transcripts in there And whether you choose to download all the audio files themselves or figure out a way to Load them directly from the URL or whatever again
Uh, I'm going to upload to get hub and and try Seeing what happens and come back to it after I step away for a bit because right now my mind is mush Yeah, and I don't want to break it beforehand So I was I was just going to say start saving more transcripts get your transcripts in there And whether you choose to download all the audio files themselves or figure out a way to Load them directly from the URL or whatever again I love the fact that now You did set this up as a podcast It's probably going to take a couple of hours to do the thing If you do that you probably would be able to I'm just If you can find your Your podcast somewhere You're more than likely going to be able to get the stuff done You're going to be able to get the um Which call it what's up, Jen
I love the fact that now You did set this up as a podcast It's probably going to take a couple of hours to do the thing If you do that you probably would be able to I'm just If you can find your Your podcast somewhere You're more than likely going to be able to get the stuff done You're going to be able to get the um Which call it what's up, Jen It didn't Put the podcast It saved it where you told it to save It's right there Right where It's on transcripts No, that's your transcript you saved it to test
It didn't Put the podcast It saved it where you told it to save It's right there Right where It's on transcripts No, that's your transcript you saved it to testtxt Where's test.txt That's why thank you. I was looking into transcripts because we tested it and I forgot we did that. Okay, good We did it fine Yeah, you've got You've got your other podcasts in here. Shit, you don't want to talk about So you could either We'll figure it out
txt Where's test.txt That's why thank you. I was looking into transcripts because we tested it and I forgot we did that. Okay, good We did it fine Yeah, you've got You've got your other podcasts in here. Shit, you don't want to talk about So you could either We'll figure it out I'll I'll do some updates on my end. I'll connect with you again next week and then I feel like what I need to do next is create a Uh, like this might take a minute, but Create a text file that has a the URL of each of the episodes So it knows to pull each URL that exists already
I'll I'll do some updates on my end. I'll connect with you again next week and then I feel like what I need to do next is create a Uh, like this might take a minute, but Create a text file that has a the URL of each of the episodes So it knows to pull each URL that exists already It's your RSS feed I know but YouTube's RSS feed is not Then where do I put my RSS feed in here
It's your RSS feed I know but YouTube's RSS feed is not Then where do I put my RSS feed in here Um, I mean you could use you could also just download the RSS feed from the internet But then where do I put it in here so it reads the RSS feed You just that's that's the part that I'm telling you I need to work on Because what my my hope is I I need to Blow the dust off of an old project that I made four years ago That does that for you And then we just need to modify it so that it accepts YouTube feeds It sounds like that's what the next dream is going to be Sure sounds great It's gonna be fine All right, I'm in the stream
Um, I mean you could use you could also just download the RSS feed from the internet But then where do I put it in here so it reads the RSS feed You just that's that's the part that I'm telling you I need to work on Because what my my hope is I I need to Blow the dust off of an old project that I made four years ago That does that for you And then we just need to modify it so that it accepts YouTube feeds It sounds like that's what the next dream is going to be Sure sounds great It's gonna be fine All right, I'm in the stream Thank you everyone
Thank you everyone