---
description: How does productivity differ when you’re doing it live! Is Vibing allowed?
  What happens when something goes wrong and you can’t just stop to do another take?
pub_date: December 16th, 2021
title: '12: Con Doing It Live!'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/12
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we condue our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, where we're recording remotely, live, in front of a virtual studio audience. I am your host Jay, and with me is the excitable, phenomenal, the internet can't handle her swag, the one, the only Kathy Campbell. Miss Kathy, how are you doing today? It's me! We're here, and I'm so excited to be not just with you, but with our great studio audience because we are streaming live. So the last episode we mentioned that we had a gift for our awesome conductors all around the world, and that gift was that from now on we will be doing the shows live unless the internet decides to blow up on me. But even then we're still going to do it live because we have backups. Exactly, and speaking of backups, we're going to be talking about doing it live, and I guess a backup is one of those things that we'll have to talk about, but we can't do that right now because we got some shoutouts to go through. Kathy, you want to do yours first? I would love to. All right, so I am giving a shout out to the fantastic Hamid Animashan, who plays Loyal, and Taylor Napier, who plays Maxim on the Wheel of Time show, for taking time to spend with me on upcoming podcasts that will be heard soon on the incomparable.com slash dragon mount. I can't even believe that I had a chance to interview in two separate occasions actors on the show and just kind of nerd out about podcasts as a whole, but more importantly about this show. And that kind of is a lead to my connection check. Yeah, so that's awesome. And I'm also glad that you took that opportunity to be so awesome and interview amazing people doing amazing things on amazing shows. I have some amazing people as well. Friend of the show, Sam Goh. I don't know official friend of the show title. Sam, let me know what your official of the show title is. Goh of the show. The Goh of the show sent a tweet to me earlier this week from a one June Han. And see, this is going to be the part that I have to think about. And by the way, yes, there will be some inside baseball talk where I will have to share links with chat because I'm not used to this. So I know it'll be it'll be bumpy the first time. OK, anyway, Sam Goh and June Han, thank you so much. They sent me this amazing tweet that talked about life being a lot like, I don't know, this game that I've played before called Tetris. Huh? And I want to I want to just share this this quip with you. Life is like Tetris. It's important to lay a good foundation. And sometimes we make mistakes. And side note, that's when we start shouting obscenities and you won't always get what you want like a line bar. But you'll have the chance to recover and it might get stressful. But remember, failure isn't usually permanent. And I can just tell you, there are so many times when I forget that last part, that failure is just not permanent. And you often have the opportunity to to have a redo. So I thank you so much for that. I am more convinced that I will get my Tetris tattoos now so I can have those constant reminders. But thank you, Sam, for the amazing tweet. Oh, that's so good. I love how Tetris is kind of this all encompassing part of your day, whether you mean to or not. And the fact that it now is more meaningful. I really hope you get a Tetris tattoo because that would be incredible. Yeah, I've been toying with the idea for over a year now. And I mean, for those that don't know me, I have other tattoos. But this one was it was one that I've just thought about more and more. And I think it would be meaningful. But you know what else is meaningful? The fact that we have so many amazing people hanging out with us live. And I'm just going to give a shout out to all of them. Let's start with Ankenu, Cass, Dave, Els, Jumbo. I don't know why I did it like that. That's OK. Jumbo. Jumbo. Matt, Kate, Sam, Skye and Tony, thank you so much. And I'm sure hopefully we will have more and more and more people joining us live. And if you want to join us live, folks, it's the season of giving. And you can give to your conduit friends by becoming a member at Relay.fm. Switch on. And you can also give the gift of conduit to your other friends as well. And here's how you do it. You go to giverelay.com. You scroll down and you click on the conduit logo. And if you do that, you're going to get 22 percent for the year. And I think that's awesome. And thank you to the Relay.fm family, the Relay.fm people who make this possible that allow us to come and hang out with everyone live and do all these amazing things. And of course, we want to also give a major shout out to anyone that's listening on the website, not in the discord, because we know you're out there. We know you're listening and we still love you. We still love you. Come and hang out with us in the discord so that we can call you out by name. Absolutely. We want to chat with you. And I feel like this one is special. So, Kathy, can you do it live? I think it's time for a connection check. Zap! It's so good. Was it good? It was good. OK, good. I don't have my soundboard connected, otherwise I would have just like snuck one in there, too. But I love it. Oh, it's so much better live. Amazing. Amazing. OK, so my connection for this fortnight was to do better at talking about all of the things that I do. That's part of the reason why I did that shout out that I did, because it's still I have segmented my life so deeply where I not necessarily am pretending to be someone else that I'm not, depending on who I'm talking to. But it's it's just easier if I don't try and explain to everyone everything that I do. I mean, it's hard enough talking to my parents about everything that I do. So I did have other conversations with people throughout the day, like throughout the fortnight, kind of talking about different things sprinkled throughout. It was not I could do better. And I'm still working at doing better at promoting myself in a way that feels authentic. But I'm still giving myself a checkmark because I did. Absolutely. And Kathy, can I can I tell you something? Yes. You're amazing. One of the things that we we do at our house is when I tell my kiddo, they're amazing. I say they're amazing, like the raisins. And that's because in my Southern accent, sometimes I say, you're amazing, like the raisins. That is the cutest thing ever. Oh, my gosh. I can't wait until she gets big enough to say that back to you, because it's going to be fricking adorable. Yes. So you have all the reason in the world to share all the amazing things that you do with the entire world, because, as I just mentioned, you're amazing, like the raisins. And for those that don't know the California raisins, yes, they are amazing. My connection was to delay something with an exact date. Folks, my shower has been broken for two weeks. Now, actually, I think it's been three weeks at this point. Now, don't don't be worried. I have another one. So aren't you fancy? Yeah, I have to. But my shower's been broken and I've tried to fix it. And there's some things that you just got to work. You got to wait on like parts and tools. I have legitimately bought more power tools in the last three weeks that I'm comfortable with. I'm not a handy person, but I are handy because you have hands and you have power tools, which implies that you can use them. Yeah, I learned how to use an angle grinder the hard way. Tiles were broken. Oh, no. That said, that said, I have a lot of stuff going on. So I had to delay something. And that was fixing my shower because I have another one. And what I did was, oh, someone said it should be called it. It sounds like I said ankle grinder. I mean, that could be that could be. Anyway, I bought a cap to plug the part of. Yes, I have heard of YouTube tutorials. OK, I got to stop talking to the chat. I love you all. I'm not going to get this story. Finish the story. It's embarrassing. Anyway, I bought a cap for the pipe that was disconnected so that I could have a shower again and just not a bath. And then I decided that we were going to wait until tomorrow as we're recording this to actually fix the shower. And part of that was I had to check my tires, but I also had to check the tires of my my brother-in-law, who is amazing and way more of a handy person than I am. And he's going to come and help me fix the shower. So goodness. So I did delay something. And I did give it an exact date of tomorrow. And I did this before today. Don't worry. It wasn't a last minute connection check, but nothing. Not that there's anything wrong with that. Exactly. Hey, sometimes I I'm not going to lie. Sometimes my connections, I do have to wait for a very specific day. So I'm happy about that. So we're going to do it a little bit different this time around. I'm reading all of our conductor connections. So I got to take my deep breath here. First of all, a big shout out to Big Lou. They wrote to us. My connection for this week is that while I take stock of the year and plan next year's theme, it is to reacquaint myself with my hobbies. I have been working so much in the past year to repair what 2020 did to my life. Haven't we all that I neglected to take breaks and enjoying what he likes. So they haven't really taken the time to read or play Magic the Gathering. Oh, there was a new expansion that just came out in like three months. Hold on. What happened? We're doing this live, but this one is this is the one that we added to go down to the bottom. Remember? Well, OK. Add it back up there. So ignore that. That that that that that that. Hey, it's going to happen at least once. All right, Javier, you know what to do. Thank you so much. You're amazing. I'm going to read these this time from the hello of the show, Jumbo. I'm really enjoying that now. So fun, right? So anyone that doesn't know Jumbo is hello in Swahili. And I have it deeply ingrained in my soul from when I worked at Walt Disney World's Animal Kingdom. And always have to say like, I will say Jumbo out of nowhere, because it just makes me so happy. So I love that we get to say that we're here because it makes me so happy. I have so many questions about other songs and things that I really want to ask, but we'll do that later. So Jumbo's connection was follow up for asking for help. I've been off work for 16 working days, visiting family before you finish up. You made sure that anything that only sat with with him was trained out. And he's back at work today with only one or two issues. And the place did not burn down. Everything was fine. He knew it would be fine. There we go. And it's been good to know that not everything is on on him for now. Wait, I lost my place. Been good to know that everything is on me for now for some stuff, including one or two of the bigger issues tackling the team, combined with some good news about a pay raise. What a bonus and an extra holiday entailment coming along with feeling generally missed for my skills and talents within the team. I feel more happy and comfortable about staying in with the team. A job move wasn't in the cards due to another huge time and money commitment in 2022, a.k.a. getting married. What? That's so awesome. I am so excited. No better way than to kick off doing it live for the con, the Conductor's Connection check while the alliteration there than to talk about all the amazing things, a pay raise, some holiday time, getting married, doing some amazing stuff. Jumbo, congratulations and Jumbo's in the chat with us too, which is so awesome. Because you get to hear it, you get to see it. Oh, you love to see it. I love this. And and I will not make a habit of reading the chat out loud, but Jumbo says, thanks for keeping me accountable for this. That's the point of the connection check. And we got another one. And it's the point of doing it live to we like this connections with you all. So we're so happy that you're here wherever you're listening to this, we including from down under from a friend of the show down under, AKA the fizzy lolly of the show, else. I made a decision. I was very lucky to have a week or so to make my choice between the two jobs. Both would have been good, but very different from each other. And in the end, I went with my gut feeling. Sounds like you use the tire method using that intuition. I needed a big change work wise because I haven't enjoyed what I've been doing for the last little while. I'm grateful to all my lovely friends and in person who would have put up with me waffling over the choice for the last week. Now I have the somewhat daunting task of getting settled into something completely different. At least I don't have to move again. And that one is great. First of all, else, you can't do it. Yes, can't did it. You can't did it. And we have one more, and it's from our friend of the show, Maddie. Says last episode, my connection was trying to find a way to visualize my yearly theme in a way that I actually looked at it. And Maddie said they made zero progress, which is OK, because these connections are more about just having someone to hold you accountable and for you to just to understand it. It doesn't mean that it was a failure. It just means that some more important stuff got in the way. Maddie, we love you. You can't do it. Absolutely. Yeah, I my favorite thing about these connections and the connection checks that come with it is that it's not about being able to get things right 100 percent of the time, because that's just not valid. That's not real. It's not how life works. And so being able to recognize times that we have maybe not been as successful is so much. It adds validation to when we are able to finish things. And I really, really like that. And then we got a surprise connection check in the chat. We have two connection checks in the chat, which is awesome. Send send the keeps sending those in connection from the train of the show. Oh, no, Dave. Yes, Dave. No, that's TM. I'm bad. Dave, what's your rails of the show? Rails of the show. I knew I was close. Anyway, Rails of the Show Dave says connection update. I now have time to. Oh, I now have a time of return to my connection. OK, I can't read. I'm sorry. In case you haven't realized this, I now have a time of return to my connection. It's specifically the new year. Ah, that's right, because we were saying you need to give it an exact date and time. I love it. Uni assignments took priority and it couldn't be done at the same time. And now you can have connections check live. Love that. And then our other one, Sky, I'm going to give you I'm going to let you in on a secret. Sky already knew your connection check because I listened to your show. Connection check. I completed finals. And with that, my first semester of university grades are something you can be proud of. And now you have time to relax. So amazing. So amazing. And so happy that you finished that semester. And things are great. You know what else is great, Jay? Um. Fizzy lollies. Oh, yes, they are. But also Pingdom. This episode is brought to you by Pingdom from SolarWinds. While you've been listening to this podcast, how would you know if your website had gone down? Would you know if customers couldn't click that buy button or fill out a trial form? You might stumble across the problem by luck, but that means you've already lost out on new customers. We need something to tell you everything is running smoothly on your site. And more importantly, when it isn't. So you need Pingdom. Pingdom detects around 13 million outages every month. That's more than 400,000 outages every day. And for as low as $10 a month, Pingdom helps keep your sites online. It doesn't matter if you're a startup or a Fortune 500 company. You need real time alerts about critical website issues and customization of how you're alerted, whether it's via SMS, email or your team's collaboration apps. Pingdom even tracks and analyzes your website's load time so you can see what's affecting the user experience. If you have a website, you need Pingdom. Take charge of monitoring your site in minutes and go to pingdom.com slash relay FM right now for a 30 day free trial with no credit card required. Then when you sign up, use the code conduit at checkout to get a huge 30 percent off your first invoice. Thanks to Pingdom from SolarWinds for their support of this show and relay FM. So this first live episode, we asked the chat for topics and we got one that I had I had a long think about because it's it's one of those that I've done it so many times that I don't think about it as much. And that is the idea of productivity while live. And I think we're going to kind of expand it a little bit around productivity to prepare and do things live, not just in the moment of being live, because I think the only productivity advice I could give when doing things live is to be attentive and just do the thing. In the famous words of Shia LaBeouf, just do it. But Kathy, you got the experience doing stuff live? Yes. I've been I mean, the very, very first relay episode that I did was in front of a live audience on clockwise in Killarney, Ireland at all. So talk about stress. I had done podcasts before, but never in front of a live audience or on live. That was a little bit different because we didn't have a chat, but we did have that face to face interactions for it. And then, of course, you know, there's the time that I was on the red carpet. And like streaming live that way, trying to interact and things. And then just kind of a lot of like pulling in all of the feeds, all of the information. So it's really interesting how different this episode feels than other ones that we've done, because we have feedback. We have fairly instant feedback of people that are experiencing what's going on. When I did the the game show for or the founders game show for the podcast, the thought I we were doing it live and people were watching and reacting. But I didn't see that because I needed to concentrate on Mike and Steven. And that was really hard for me to do because I didn't know how it was going. So I came off and I had this like huge wave of, oh, my gosh, what happened? How did that go? Like, what? What? And so it's interesting to see each of those steps that feed into my performance aspect and feedback, but also like the energy that I have right now. Like, I'm vibing, I'm vibing real hard. I love vibing. Vibing is like the thing. And for those that don't know, like vibing is this this flow state that you get into when you're like just doing it. And it's like everything is so great. You're like, yeah, this is good. I'm moving. And here's the problem that when you're vibing, you can't be planning. You can't be preparing like you can't be thinking about all the things that you need to do. So you have to have a little bit of preparation before so that vibing becomes easy. One of the things that we did is we spent an hour before we went live, making sure what was happening. The thing that I did that almost got me murdered by people in the chat and my cohost was I did a massive system update on my computer, which is not the time. It's not the time to be doing those things. You got to be speaking of not the time. My daughter is having a meltdown right now, so I don't know if you can hear it. Yeah, I don't know if you can hear it or not. Yes, yes. Yes, it is. But it's OK. And for the record, I would never say that I would was going to murder anybody on a live video. Oh, you're so right. OK, that out. Yeah. Oh, I did it. Jay did a bad thing that in that in that moment of vibing and going with the flow, you have to also practice to make sure that you don't do that. You don't make those mistakes like you don't have those moments of like, what do I do when this happens or what do I do when that happens? And to be fair, like I've had some of the worst news happen to me, like five seconds before going live on stuff. And at that moment, all you can do is just say, trust, trust my training, like trust my practicing. I've done this. Just go through it, vibe all the way. And then when you're done, just let it all out. And, you know, that that isn't a thing that you you have to worry about when you're behind the scenes. I mean, even us, as we were recording live, we still have a little bit of leeway because we're going to send this to an editor. But at the same time, we can go and like focus on certain things, but we can't focus on the things that are happening now. What's said is said, what's done is done. A child screaming in the background is a thing. And there's like nothing you can do about it. So you just keep going. And I think that in terms of being productive live, that is the that is probably the biggest thing is like grace. Like the ability to say what's happened has happened. I got to move on. I got to keep going forward. What's what's the is it? What's the Marvel, the Marvel person? I'm not a Marvel person. I'm going to need a little bit more specific. The Marvel could always get hit anyway. So there is a Netflix thing that was a Marvel thing. And they said always forward, never back. And to me, Luke Cage, thank you. This is why the chat is great. I know. This is why. And I love the chat because I had literally zero idea what you were talking about. But that's because I haven't. I barely watched any of the Marvel television stuff. So. Yeah. And it's almost like he works for Disney. So, you know, he's got to pull it out. We appreciate it. So, yeah, like you have to be very Luke Cage with your productivity when you're doing things live. You plan for the best. You hope everything is going to happen. But once you're in the moment, it's always forward, never back. And something's going to come out of it. You know, we'll we'll we're here. And if it just like Kate mentions, like there has been an episode of a live show that was never released. And so if we were to have that type of a situation, we totally could. But we're not going to, because the show is amazing and you're incredible and your daughter is fantastic and is adding in some ambiance, some some chaotic energy noise for the background. I mean, if anything, one of the things that we've talked about with with Conduit as a show is the idea of you have people who live very real lives. I mean, sure, we have very funny jobs. Like for me, I get to get up on stage and do it live virtually a lot these days. But also every situation is different and everybody's lives are different. And Kathy, like you're this amazing unicorn that has a blessing of other unicorns that you're responsible to. And it's it's like there are very real things that happen in our lives that doing like following the book, like following some productivity book or throwing a fancy name on it and saying, like, well, you just need to do this. It will solve all your problems. Like it doesn't do that. Like you can't plan to solve your problems when your child comes in screaming at the top of their lungs because the Internet's out. And, you know, their dad is talking to the Internet from his cell phone. Like there I mean, if there's a book that talks about that, please let me know so that I can I can buy it immediately. But until then, like we just have to put out shows like this and just let things fly and do it live. Yeah. And and life comes at you in a way that you can't pre record, that you can't change, that you can't alter. And having tactics and ways to adjust and be flexible means that you can be more successful in how your day is going, regardless of what's happening. And now I'm not saying to completely like isolate yourself and become stone with how your day is segmented, that because that will mean that your reactions will be affected. And I'm also not saying, OK, I'm going to wake up and life is going to happen, how life is going to happen, the wind's going to blow. And if I feel like doing something, I'm going to do something. And if not, I'm not, because we all know that that's there's always going to be at least one thing that you have to get done. But being somewhere in the middle where you can have a little bit of structure to your life in your day and then be able to if a wind comes and, oh, I don't know, blows out your Internet, how are you going to be able to make the changes that you need to to be able to get to the next point in your day? Absolutely. So I am so looking forward to doing more things live. And I know that even as we're doing this live, it is very much a hey, we're doing it live and some people are listening. But the people that are going to mostly be listening later on will have this edited manicured version. And, you know, I love that. And I love that there are these these points in the live process of before, during and after. And I think that we have to give each of them the proper amount of time to and respect. I mean, to be fair, I hear, you know, just having known so many podcasters out there that are like, yeah, we get up, we record the show, we put the show out, and then we wonder why no one listens to it. And I mean, granted, you can do everything after the fact. And like still some people, some shows just don't work. Ask me about my other eight years of podcasting. But but I will say, if you just do a show and release it and then like do nothing after the fact, if you don't like tell people that you did a thing, Kathy's connection for it this week, then how do you expect people to ever find it? If you don't actually thinking if you don't spend time beforehand to think about what you're going to talk about, you're going to waste so much time in the live process compiling your thoughts. And I don't mean that you necessarily have to have notes, but you need to have something to bring to the table before you like just jump on. And even if that is just let me tell you about what happened this week, as long as you know what you're talking about, then cool. That's fine. That's great. But you still have to give that focus, give that dedicated amount of time to the beginning, to the moment when you're vibing. And then to the afterwards, when you say, this is what I'm going to do, this is what I'm not going to do. And I think that's the the difference between like, quote unquote, live productivity. And I guess for a lack of a better phrase, studio productivity, when everything is kind of manicured and done after the fact. Yeah. Yeah. And and there's a there's something to be said about having podcasts one way or the other. You know, an NPR style, like really safe space type episode is not going to be. That sounded totally wrong. But like the we're going to hey, live that that NPR really cultured, highly produced podcast when they record live, but they're going to. Really edit out any of the arms, any of the mistakes, any of the like really. Loose things to help it like tighten it up. And so if they were who knows, they might record live, I don't know. Anyone know if NPR records live? But if they do like that, that gets turned into something different. The live to tape, like John Bo says, it feels that natural and authentic vibe to it, which is very much what the relay feels like for most of the shows are very even, you know, the scripted show of ungenius. It's still there's bits for laughter. There's bits for like some sort of conversation part of it. And it still feels that kind of authentic bit. And there's nothing wrong with either way. There's nothing wrong with a highly produced audio scape, you know, radio drama presented like there is no right or wrong way. It's all about what you feel and what you want for your show. And so being aware of that and kind of going into the choices when you do a show is, I think, important. So you know what you're looking for. You know what you're trying to get. Yeah. And to wrap this up, I I personally love live like Kathy. Would you rather do things live in general or do them studio well, you know, manicured and thought out? I personally like I love the live mainly because I don't my planning consists of general ideas. I can read stuff that, you know, like the ads. I can read it, but don't make me write it. Give me ideas of what to talk about, and I can talk about it for hours. But don't make me write anything. And so I don't want to have a fully manicured script because, oh, my goodness, I would I just couldn't. I wouldn't. I wouldn't. I think that Conduit is probably the show that I've done the most preparation for regularly. And to be fair, I love it. But I also know that and the chat knows this. We gave them a list of kind of our talking points and topics. And I think we touched like two of them. And that that's the beauty of life is that you can plan all night and day. But it doesn't matter when when the lights come on and you start doing your thing and you just go with it like you go with the flow. You throw the plan out the window, you know, you you rip up the index cards and you just start vibing. And, you know, that's that's like the best feeling ever. And I absolutely love it. I also love our connections. And I have a good one. And was there anything else that we wanted to cover going live before we jump into connections? I think just making sure you have somebody highly technical who knows what's going on to fix things when you don't know what's going on. Highly recommend that bonus. If it's a man with a mustache that can come in and save the day. We love you. We heard you, Steven. Thank you. Thank you so much, Steven, for coming and saving the day. Yes, going live comes with a lot of things that if you've not done it before, you will need help. And what better place than to get help than the Relay FM community? Go to relay.fm slash conduit and become a member and they will help you do it live the first time the right way until a conduit on your street blows out and then you're in trouble. But really, it's not going live if it's not, you know, if there's not technical difficulties, it just adds a little spice to the story, which is always fun. So now let's jump into our connections for the for this upcoming fortnight. Kathy, did you know that the holidays are upon us? What? This is brand new information. It's December already. We're in the middle of it. And it's it's insane. My connection, I have time off. I have a lot of time off, actually. I'm going to have in the time that we're recording, I'm going to have, I think, a week and a half off. And then after the next episode, I'll still have a few more days off. I'm not going to do anything other than conduit. And I think that's going to be my connection is no work outside of conduit. And yes, conduit is work because we have lovely relay FM members that help support the show. But no work outside of conduit. That is my connection for the next fortnight. What about you, Kathy? Being a unicorn means that it's a little bit harder to take longer periods of time off. And so my break was kind of in London, which, let's be honest, worth it. And so my connection is not to necessarily take a break and not do work, but I am going to try and find some time to cultivate my workday and cultivate kind of how my work happens to allow me to take more breaks. I like it. And we also have some connections from we have some connections from the chat, but we also have some connections from people that they could not hang out with this this time on the chat. What do we got, Kathy? Yeah. So we have our friend of the show, Maddie, who says that this episode, their connection is going to be to work on her foundation bullet journal system. She's trying to find a system that works for her still and hopes to find it. And that's really important. I love that she's kind of taken a step back and and going to start from something that was working with her. And I love that. I'm here for it. I can't wait to hear how it goes. Then we also have Chinta's their connection for this time after having fallen off the bandwagon for a while is going to finish off work tasks this week. Or properly postpone them so that they can have a real two weeks off, which we all know is great. And that's amazing. And I'm so happy for them, hopefully, to be able to find that time. And then we got Big Glue. Their connection is they want to take stock of the year and plan next year's theme to reacquaint themselves with our hobbies. They've been working so much this past year to repair what 2020 did to their life. Story for another time. Can't wait to hear that story that they've neglected taking breaks and enjoying what they like. Haven't really taken the time to read or play Magic the Gathering for like three months. As things slowed down before the new year, they have two books set aside on their couch to read. And the local game store is having their store championships this weekend for which they are already registered. And the bonus part of this is that we also have the immediate connection check for them because they did it all in a week, which is incredible. So they were able to make the time for reading, almost finished one book and placed third in the store championship out of 32 players. Lou, that is incredible. I'm so proud of you. So both were much needed. They were able to think about next year's theme and also prepare for a possible move in the next month. The fun never stops. No, it doesn't. And so with that, we're going to keep going. More connections. Here we go. From the chat, Skylar, next semester starts one month from tomorrow. So they want to take the time between now and then to relax. Our favorite blue dragon of the show is going to take time to read and listen a lot and also sleep a ton, but wants to relax and be ready for the next year. Absolutely. Get all of those naps in and record more episodes. I'm loving them. But not not going to push you. Find my dragons needs to be real and authentic. And so when the episode comes, that episode comes. OK, no pressure, no pressure. Don't you got it. You got to give them time to breathe, too, and take those breaks. So Dave needs to make sure that all of their assignments are in on time and actually take a break. Yes. Finish that up. Plan the future and get things moving to OmniFocus and beyond. I feel like that's a very like Buzz Lightyear energy there. And I am here for it. Light rails of the show. Yes. Oh, nail it. Write it down. Make that happen. All right. El's is going to spend the next couple of weeks relaxing and trying to help keep all 22 of us who are going to be at Christmas Fed. That is a lot of people, a lot of people. A lot of fizzy lollies, a lot of fizzy lollies, a lot of chocolate and cheese and drop bears to deal with. I hope it will also involve formal putt putt. So let us know how that goes or other random Australian games that happen, because I don't actually know. So please let me know what those games are. If they're upside down, how do they keep the ball on the ground? Gravity still works when you're upside down, Jay. Nice. Yeah, it's magic. All right. On Canoes connection. They have been in emergency response mode for three weeks following a big storm here three weeks ago and had a cold. Oh, my gosh. The connection is to take time in the next fortnight to get outside and experience nature a bit, hopefully not during a big storm. Going to recommend not going outside when it's storming bad enough to be in that response mode or recording a podcast, apparently, because you never know. Your Internet might get shut out or cut out. Right. Yeah. Yeah, we'll see. But either way, I love the idea of going outside and spending time outside. That's really important. Oh, in fact, when this episode is over, I'm going to take a walk outside because it finally stopped raining and it's going to stop raining for a little bit. So that sounds outside sounds good. And then our final connection for this upcoming fortnight, Kate. Their first connection is to get some work done on their dissertation before the New Year, but do their best not to stress about it and enjoy the time with family. I am here for this specifically because I understand finding that balance between getting the work done that needs to get done, but also spending time with your family. So I cannot wait to hear how it goes. And I'll just say it now first. That's awesome. We're so excited. So this has been an amazing experience live full of foibles and false starts and power outages and twists and turns, tumbles and toys and talking. OK. Oh, I know. I think there's only one thing left to say. And maybe we'll have to ask the chat chat. Did did we can do it? I'm going to answer. Yeah, they can't. Yeah, they can't reply. They're not going to answer for the chat and say we can do it.