---
description: Kathy has lots to be thankful for, Jay is unfortunately unwell, but Rosemary
  was on standby! Time to review the end of the year and how you finish things or
  let them go, before getting started on the next new adventure.
pub_date: December 30th, 2021
title: '13: Happiness First, Productivity Second'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/13
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we condue our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, where we want to remind you that, surprise, it's almost the end of the year. I'm Kathy Campbell. And I'm Rose Marie-Archid. Hey, Kathy. Hi, Rose. I'm so happy that you are here. Don't worry, friends. Jay is okay. He just has no voice from a sickness, which I don't know if you know this, Rose. But if you can't talk, it's very, very difficult to do a podcast. I mean, if it was a video podcast, he could try doing it sort of Sherrod style, right, with miming things out and so on. That could be quite fun. Yeah. I feel like that may be like a good members only episode for you later in the year. I love that idea. Maybe we could have a tell it like you have to type like a text adventure version that you have to type and it like shows up on screen, maybe. Yeah. I mean, there's there's some people in the break room channel in the real FM discord who really like text adventures and they're really good at making them as well. So, yes. So we might need to bring in some people from the discord to make this happen. Listeners, if you want that, let us know, because that would be super fun. I know I'd be down for that. Same. So let's get started with our shout outs, which is the best part in my mind of this podcast. And I want to start with my friend Rose Rosemary. I'm going to talk about you, but you're not actually here. So I'm talking to my listeners right now. So if you could just like stop listening just for a little bit, that would be great. So I had a message that I sent to my friend Rose. And basically, I was freaking out about so many different things. And she was incredible and managed to kind of like ask me the questions that I needed to see and really think about in order to get past this really like rain space that I was in. And it was just absolutely incredible. And so I'm so thankful to my friend Rose for talking me down off the ledge. That's what good friends are for, I think. They'll always know, you know, always know when you need them. So try and answer the right questions. Yes. Yeah. Yes. One of my shout outs is to an amazing friend of mine, Kathy. I don't think you know her, I'm afraid. And she she sent me a message like yesterday saying that her podcast co-host is really sick and would I be able to like be on standby if he didn't get any better? And then turns out he didn't get better, which is really sad. And I hope he does get better soon. But I got asked to be on a podcast with this amazing person called Kathy, who's a really glittery unicorn and absolutely wonderful. So I am absolutely really thankful for that, because I always love doing this. Well, that Kathy seems really lucky. Yes. Have you on their podcast? Yeah. Yeah. Just like your friend, Rose is lucky to have you as a friend, because, you know, having people who listen when you ask the questions is quite nice. Preach. All right. So my second shout out is actually for the entire staff at the hospital that my mom was at. She had a fractured pelvis, which was terrible and so bad that she had to like she couldn't walk or move her leg on her own. So she got swept away to this magical place on the mountain. And everyone there was so incredible and supportive and helpful to get her on the way to be able to come home. And so she was able to come home on Christmas Eve, which was a Christmas miracle. And I'm so thankful that everyone involved was like, we believe in your pain. We believe in what's going on and like, you know, doing their job, you know, in the middle of covid times and all of this really stressful moments, being able to concentrate on something that isn't covid. And then she didn't bring covid home with her, which is also really thankful. But yeah, she's on the mend. And I'm so thankful, so happy for the people in the life that that we're able to get that done. That is really great. I'm also very thankful to the really FM Discord for just being an amazing place to hang out and get inspiration. I've seen lots of people posting in systems and themes recently about their themes. There was a really good one earlier from one of the members there. Posting, you know, asking for some feedback and and help and so on. And I'm also especially thankful to Kim, who this morning they posted that they have bought a standing mixer. And it turns out that a standing mixer can also be a food processor. And I have wanted both of these independently for ages. And I found out I can get two in one. And I looked on eBay and got a great deal. So thank you to everybody. But also special thank you to Kim for enabling me in something that I've wanted for a very long time. I love that you are getting enabled. We all know, Rose, that you love enabling others only for things that they really need slash want. Oh, yeah. And things that help. Yes. Yep. Things that help to enable. I believe Rob earlier, who was looking for an app and I enabled him into a free app that does what he needs, hopefully. So fingers crossed that'll that'll fill the spot for him. But it's always lovely to be able to help people out. Yeah, that's fantastic. And if that free app doesn't work, he'll have a better idea of what he does. And maybe be able to find. That's what I love about the free apps or like a trial period or something that allows you to really see if this is the style of thing that your brain needs. Yeah. So we get shout outs from people doing amazing things in the relay dot FM community. You can join everyone here by becoming a member at relay dot FM slash conduit. Come hang out with all of your brand new friends that you haven't met yet in the Discord chat when you become a member. You can visit any of the amazing channels that we have, but also you can hang out in the chat and chat directly with the conduit team when we are recording an episode every other Tuesday, which is pretty great. So we are so happy to be a part of Relay, and we're so happy for the incredible community that is involved and that we are part of. Once again, go to relay dot FM slash conduit to become a member. And hang out with really fun people. Yes. And hopefully not have any snakes come and visit. That is just for the live listeners because they're special. And if you wanted to know what that was talking about, you should be alive, be a member of the Discord and listen to us live. Oh, goodness, goodness, goodness, goodness. So let's get started with our connection checks. Now, Rose, could you zap for me? Zap. Perfect. Oh, you sounded so much like me. I love it because I don't have a fancy little machine to right now to make the zap noise, and nobody wants to hear me zap when they get to hear me normally. So instead, you got to hear a Rosemary version. So let's talk about our connection checks. For the last fortnight, my connection was to cultivate my workday and how my work happens. I'm putting it as a a little orange dot because I started and then life kind of exploded through all of that. And it wasn't really possible to do a lot of concentration on work, not just because of the holiday, but of course, visiting the hospital and all of that just kind of threw everything up. And then my whole existential crisis that Rose dropped me out of. So I started to think about it, but didn't really get to a point where I felt confident enough to put a green checkmark, because my cultivating it right now is basically just wiping the slate clean. Sometimes that is very much what you need to do with these things. So if it works. So my my zap, which people didn't get to hear last time, was starting things. So my aim is to try and get the ball rolling on more things rather than waiting until I can do the whole thing or do it perfectly. Because I found that a lot of the time I've been waiting and like holding off on doing things and then having this permanent like, well, it's like I really don't know how to do it perfectly. And so instead, I'm making a point of just starting and doing something which gets the ball rolling. And then I can come back and check in and do like tweaks on things here and there or progress things rather than having to find time to do the whole thing. And this is manifested in many ways, for example, getting ready for ballet, just put my shoes in my bag and then golf and do all the other things. And then, oh, right, bottle of water, put the bottle of water in my bag. So instead of doing everything all in one go, just doing little bits here and there, cooking stew so I can just chuck stuff in and I don't have to, you know, cook an entire meal at once, things like that. And I'm really pleased. It seems to be going really well for me. I'm going to give it a green checkmark. But I definitely need to keep this in mind with things and remember this instead of ending up in my existential, I can't do it perfectly. So I'm not going to do it. Problem. I love that. That's such a good reminder. I know I definitely need to use that brain moment a lot to that. Hey, doing just a little bit can constitute being done like. Yeah, that's fantastic. I'm so excited for how that went. All right. So let's hear from our conductors. We've got our buddy alphabet of the show. K.J. Miller has a successful connection because he did no work. Granted, it was because he was sick, but it allowed him to make sure that recovery was the most important. Excellent. I am really pleased that he did that because, yeah, go look after yourself. If you're not looking after your body, then your brain can't look after the rest of you either. So, yeah, excellent call. Yes. Another one of the lovely conductors, Ankenu, has made a connection check and hasn't made a connection in over a month. Similarly, dealing with getting sick and healing combined with just being busy. But his connection for the next fortnight is to reorganize some working and creating spaces and get back to a cleaner slate for later progress. Clean slate seemed to be a bit of a theme here. I'm liking this. Yes. Portent. I love the end of the year kind of has that feeling to it. And I definitely think that we will talk about it when we get to our topic for the day. But we're not there yet. Instead, we're going to talk about my favorite blue dragon, the blue dragon of the show. Their connection check have rested and almost survived being with the family. Love that. And I love that you are surviving because you're here with us. And now it's time to start getting ready for the next semester. I'm so excited to see what you do in the future, because your past has been pretty successful. Yes, definitely. Yeah, it's very exciting to see that. And Kate has posted a connection check as well. And they said relaxation and hanging out with the family has been going well. And I've done some dissertation work, too, even if it hasn't been as much. I would have liked. Well, Kate, I'm really glad that you have made some progress because, you know, like like my goal, it is nice to have made a start. It's not quite so insurmountable to do some more once you've got there. I'll know a little bit of it. So hopefully that keeps things going for you. Yeah. And moving that that step forward is so important to be able to recognize and realize like, hey, yes, you may not have done as much as you would have liked, but you still did some. And some is better than none. So that's incredible. All right. Railsy connection check coming in hot from the chat. The break their break actually happened, but I'm a little bit ill again. Kind of the Jay issue that we had. But he did learn that OmniFocus isn't how he works. So he's off to clean up, click up. I want to say that a lot. Clean up, click up, clean up, click up. Yes. Yeah, there is something very important about recognizing whether or not a system works for you and whether or not you can work with the system as it is. So well done there, Railsy for recognizing the click up works for you. And OmniFocus doesn't spend put your energy in the right place. Yes. All right. Last one, Ellen. Or no, Rose, it's your turn. Oh, yes, it is. So our last connection check is from Ellen, who says she did nothing, made many, many desserts and pizzas for many people. That is not nothing. That is a lot of work. Total lots of naps. Also lots of work. Christmas successfully completed. It's the void for New Year. So I don't plan on doing much more than puzzles. Well, I'm Ellen. It's not that you've done nothing. Desserts and pizzas for many, many people is lots and lots and lots of work. So you very much definitely deserved those naps and enjoy your puzzle time. I love puzzles. Absolutely. And just existing means that you deserve that nap. So don't feel like you have to, you know, do too much work to then be worthy of a nap. But that's I'm so proud of you. And that's perfect. Like I love how you said, it's the void before New Year, because guess what? We're hitting it. We are there. We are in this strange New Year void, just like you said, where nothing and everything exists and the possibilities are endless. And how do you finish out the New Year? There's so many different ways and things that you can do, whether it's be full of cheese and puzzles and naps all the way to the people that completely reset their entire lives in so many different ways that are really impressive. But and everything in between there that exists. And I kind of wanted to talk about kind of what you might do, but also maybe some suggestions or things that people can look if they are not really happy with how the end of their year normally happens, that they can look at to kind of make changes to start the year out more powerful. Yeah, yeah. And I think there's a lot of things that people can do for all sorts of things. And it really depends on what your aim and goal is. But one of the things that I've done a long time ago, and perhaps this is a little easier for me, my birthday is January 11th. So my new year is actually January 11th. And so I give myself a full start for the first 11 days of the New Year of like trying to get everything done. But I don't really count it until January 11th, which point it is the New Year, because that's my birthday. And you can always give yourself a full start to the New Year if you like. That's that's something that can be quite useful and fun. That's such a good idea. My kiddos birthday is on the 19th of July. And so maybe I can use their birthday as that start. Yeah, this this void period kind of extends and fills that space to make it kind of ramp up into the day, into the New Year instead of like, oh, January 1st. So now everything's going to change. Yeah, that's not how that works. Yes. Yeah, I think also remembering that January 1st is just another day. Sure, the year is increased by a number. But like if you don't feel ready to make a big change for January 1st, there is no pressure to do so. It is convenient calendar time, but it is not necessarily a time that works for you. And so, you know, picking a time that works for you, be that maybe the end of your university semester, Kate has just mentioned in the chat that their university deadlines are not chilling out. So they can't enjoy this void time as much as they would like. But maybe the end of the semester will work better for them to get this sort of thing sorted. And so bearing in mind, you know, what is in your life right now and what are those time periods and maybe those are easier to fit with for this sort of thing can be very useful. Of course, January 1st is still a great day to start doing things. If that works for you. But yeah. Yeah, I agree. One of the big things that I see a lot of people mention is kind of a review and looking back over the year. This is something that I'm not the best at, mainly because my memory is so bad and my input methods and locations is kind of all over the place, which is part of the reason why I need something consistent. But I love this idea of being able to remember the good and the bad things, not just what could I do better, but what went really well. And I know that that's something a lot of the getting things done methodology, a lot of a lot of these systems that people, you know, ascribe to and run by is these types of review thing on a smaller level. And I used to do it more than I do now. And I definitely want to get better at doing that. Yeah. One of the things that I found when doing review in general is I always found that I was like when I do my weekly review, I'm looking back at every single day and all the things that I did. When I do my monthly review, I felt like I was kind of looking back at every single day in the month. And it took a really long time for me to realize that in my monthly review, I can look back at the weekly review since I lost it, a monthly review, instead of looking back at every single day. And just like once that occurred to me, I realized that I was blowing review up to be a much bigger thing than it needed to be. And I kind of do a little bit of a daily review. So my weekly review looks at my dailies. My monthly review looks at my weeklies. And my quarterly review looks at my monthlies. And then my yearly review only needs to look at my quarterlies, which makes it a little bit easier. And so by by trying to do more regular review and having what is the absolute minimum that I need to do in a review be like one thing, write something good like that. That's my thing. Like write something that was good. And it could be the Kit Kat that I had after lunch, or it could be, you know, something amazing, like getting to come on conduit and help Kathy out because she's an amazing unicorn. But I try and write down something good and quite I quite often find that once I have written down one good thing, like I am very willing to go and answer the other questions which are written into my prompts for this. But I don't have to. But I try the one good thing because there it's like there is always something good if you look for it or really everybody always has something good. I really hope everyone does. So trying to focus on that has been really helpful. And yes, review can include what didn't go so well and why didn't it go so well? But especially if you found like you are maybe struggling with motivation a bit and so on, doing a what didn't go so well and why didn't it go so well? Doesn't necessarily help with the motivation to do the reviews. So sometimes skipping that is worthwhile. And just looking at the good and maybe like a what's your next big thing that you're excited about is can also be good. Yeah, I love that. One of the things that my therapist is having me work on is concentrating on like micro gratitude. I've done a lot of gratitude journaling over the years, and it's mainly become this thing of presenting all of these amazing things that I'm so thankful for. You know, my husband's health, my kiddos growth, all of these like in place that I felt obligated to be able to put this gratitude out there, where instead by concentrating on these micro gratitudes, I'm better able to think of the good things in the day in a way that doesn't feel overwhelming. Because a lot of times I'll be like, oh, one bad thing happened. The whole world is falling down with emotions or whatnot. And then if I try and like pivot and readjust my path, all I think about is these big things. And it just feels like I'm obligated to be 100 percent like I can't dwell on the bad things that happened necessarily, because clearly I should be so thankful that I have a job, that I have a roof over my head, that I have food, that I have all of these things, which doesn't let me really accept and acknowledge that it's OK to have a bad day. Yes. And it's OK to need a little bit more personal support. And so I think maybe reviews and concentrating on those reviews to be a little bit different might help me so that I'm just not like, the whole week has been terrible because I twisted my ankle on Tuesday. Like, that's not that's not helpful. Yes. Yeah. I mean, it can be useful to remember, like, you know, why? Why is my week not going so well? Because I twisted my ankle on Tuesday. Like I had this a while ago with ballet. I went to a ballet class and I somehow damaged one of my neck muscles. And it was just really painful for a good like five, six days after that. And every day I was like, oh, oh, oh, oh, like this isn't going well. And it's like, yeah, but I did it because I was, you know, I was doing ballet, which is good for me unless I damaged myself, which, you know, was not great. But, you know, it's like there's a reason why things aren't going so well. And so giving yourself grace for struggling when things aren't going so well is definitely something that people should remember. You know, if you've been ill or maybe a family member's got Covid and you've been spending time worrying about them rather than, you know, using every waking minute of your life to be productive, which, by the way, is not something you should ever force yourself to be doing. Then, you know, that's OK. Give yourself grace for things like this. So, yeah. And and if if being told or reminded that, you know, being you are not required to be productive, 100 percent of the day, like if that's really difficult for you because the journey of, you know, the ways our capitalist society has been presenting it to you, you have a hard time kind of adjusting to that. One of the things that you can do is remind yourself that even, you know, all electronic devices need to be charged and recharging yourself is productive. Yes. Yes. I saw somebody mention actually in the wholesome channel in the really discord the other day that petting their cat is like fast charging for humans. So if you can find something like taking a nap, petting petting one of your pets or watching a YouTube video that helps you recharge that that can be something that you can put as a good point in your day. You know, I watched, I don't know, the Mark Rober Glitterbomb video and it helped recharge me for the other things I needed to do. So something like that can be very useful as well as, you know, the other things. But if you don't necessarily feel like reviewing your year, you don't have to. You can start by actually not finishing, but getting getting started with your next year, like looking forward, picking something that you want to do in the next year can be part of your finishing of the last year. Like you don't necessarily have to completely close everything off. You can leave things open to revisit and come back to it anytime. There is no like there is no reason or requirements that you have to close things. You can look of where you want to get started and what you want to get excited about. Yeah. Oh, my gosh. And the nice part is, is, yes, you can't necessarily pick up your year again, because once we've moved into twenty twenty one or guess what, y'all, we're not in twenty twenty anymore. Oh, my God. Yeah, though it definitely feels like it. Yes, it totally does. So actually, Kathy, you've secretly given us the gift of a time machine, which I'm sure we're all grateful for. But yeah, what is time? What is time? Time? What is time? Oh, my goodness. Let's try this again. So even though when the year turns to twenty twenty two, you can't necessarily go back to twenty twenty one. What you can do is find something that maybe you didn't finish or something that didn't get wrapped up. And you can either start it again or you can look at it and kind of see, OK, what pieces of this do I want to continue? And basically pick it up out of the year and put it into the future part so that it exists in a way that you want to maybe be able to finish it in the future as an important goal. But it doesn't have to. Like, there's no requirement of that. And that's really, really special. Yes. Something else I would definitely recommend doing is looking at the things on your mind like this is a great time of year to do a sort of brain dump and get a bunch of things out of your head and choose things that are bothering you to let go of. And however you let go of them, like this is going to have to be something that is personal to you. One of the things I like to do is I keep a list of thank you, but no. And these are things where I've held on to them for a while, but I've decided I'm not going to continue with them. But I feel like I need to acknowledge that in some way. I can't check them off because I haven't done them. So instead, I move them to a thank you, but no list, which is basically I'm not going to do this. And it doesn't mean that I can't come back to it at some point in the future if life or whatever is right for it. But it means that I have found a way to let go of those things, which potentially might be weighing me down as I try to clear out things and get get started with the next project or year. I love that. I think I'm going to need to make a list of that, but it's going to be called. Thank you. Next. Thank you. Next. By all means. Yes. Call it whatever you like. Fantastic. I love it so much. I'm one of one of the things because, of course, you know, this is the time of year where anyone that is a content creator around productivity, they start blasting out all of the information and all of the videos and podcasts and oh, hey, that's us. Not really. But kind of all of the things on how you can make 2022 be the best year ever and all of that. One of the things that I because, of course, you know, for research, for my work, but also I enjoy this kind of productivity. I can't say productivity information on slot of data just to kind of let it wash over me, get the idea of what's happening and other ideas that I can maybe pull in and adjust because I don't know what I don't know. One of the things that was reminded that reminded me about was the start stop continue list and an idea of being able to say, OK, here's something that I want to start doing. Here's something that I want to stop doing. And here's something that is I want to continue doing because it's working the way it is instead of just having a list of, oh, these are my goals for the next year. And this is what I want to stop doing. Being able to recognize what is what you are currently doing right. Yeah. Is really helpful for how my brain works. But and I wanted to share that with my friend. Yes, I think that's really important. Also, I feel 2022 is going to be my best year ever. Is a really big statement to make. How many people said that about 2020 and then two and a half, three months and everything got blown off the rails. I would try to avoid putting pressure on yourself like that and declare it your best year ever in review rather than in advance. Because we already have a whole bunch of pressure on top of us. We don't need more pressure. Take extra pressure out of your life. So like, you know, by all means, say this year is going to be great because I plan to start doing these things. But that does not mean that it has to be your best year ever. And quite frankly, I hope everybody always has their best year ever, depending on how they review it. But equally, you know, things can happen. Life happens. You know, life happens while you're busy making plans. I think that's a John Lennon quote. But, you know, like, try try not to put too much pressure on yourself with these things, because I feel like a lot of, you know, if you consume a lot of productivity media, you end up accidentally consuming a lot of pressure to make yourself continually better. And sometimes it's not about making yourself better. It's about making yourself happy. So keep that in mind. Happiness first, productivity second. Yes. Oh, I love that. Absolutely. Because the goal, like your productivity should not be like the be all and all of your goals. Like, why are you why are you why do you want to get this stuff done? Why do you want to be productive? Why do you want to finish things? It should not be, you know, just because I want to say that I worked, you know, 50, 60 hours a week. But why? Like, yeah, being able to be happy, being able to be find joy in your life, in your day, in your moment. Like that should be your goal. Yes, yes, definitely. Definitely, you know, happiness and satisfaction and joy. And yes, if it sparks joy, keep it if it doesn't, thank it and let it go. Thank you, Marie Kondo, for the advice. You can be applied to many things and or people in your life. Exactly. I let you know, we've we've hit. I think we've hit past the point of Marie Kondo's, you know, what sparks joy, like the peak of now it's only being said sarcastically. And I think we're now able to utilize it in everyday life without having eye rolls happen, which I think is key because I use it all the time. Yes. And I think actually this is quite a useful tool for reviewing. Like, you know, when you're looking at things like what are the things that bring you joy in your day and what are the things that don't bring you joy? And can you, you know, make plans to modify your day to remove the things that don't bring you joy and have more things that do bring you joy in it? If, for example, getting dressed in the morning doesn't bring you all that much joy, maybe if you get some fun, cool new socks that will help bring you joy and it makes things better, you know, finding different ways to bring happiness into your life in all of the ways is really useful. And sometimes that includes sticking a unicorn horn on cat ear headphones. It should always include sticking a unicorn horn on sticking a unicorn horn on cat ear headphones, if that's what makes you happy. Exactly. Exactly. Oh, yep. The end of the year is always really stressful for a lot of people. You know, you've just finished out a ton of holidays. Yep. This this pressures in life and everything. And so being able to recognize that, hey, this pressure of, OK, how to start out the new year perfect almost needs to be lifted off of kind of general life. Yeah. So finding finding the things to finish out the year that bring you joy and make you happy, I think is the most important. Definitely. Definitely. Yeah, I 100 percent agree. You've got to be happy and try and not add more stress than you might need, because if you start stressing out and freaking out about everything, you will not be quite so happy. You know, everyone wants happy unicorns and dragons and people in their lives. It's true. It's true. So one of the things that I thought would be good to talk about anyway is what is a conduit anyway? Because, you know, we're in a podcast called Conduit. What is a conduit? What does it mean for you apart from the fact that you can do it or you can do it? So Webster's Dictionary, because we can do all of the things, but Webster's Dictionary describes or describes, defines conduit as a channel for conveying water or other fluid, but it's also a tube for protecting electric wiring. So when we were creating this show, Jay and I kind of were trying to figure out what's the great relay style word that works. And we kind of hit on conduit. And we love this idea that we are creating how like by creating a conduit that works for you. You can transport your life, your ideas, your information from wherever it exists to wherever it gets done by, you know, letting everything go the way that it needs to go. So you can't, you know, protect electrical wiring with the same conduit that works for moving water. Like that doesn't work. Your goals are going to be different for every purpose and being able to have these very variations in place, the options available, making small changes, you know. Oh, well, did you know that there are like four different types of electrical conduit types? Like it's all going to depend on, you know, the way that you work and exactly context and what you need to do and what you need to get from one point to another and making the changes and adjustments needed to make it work. So it's easy kind of is how it kind of comes to be. And so it just kind of worked. Yeah, I like the Cambridge English Dictionary in the business English section says it's a way of connecting to people or organizations. And I love the fact that the conduit connects you and Jay to each other. And it also connects both of you. I mean, to me every every time and, you know, to all of the people who listen to the show, not just those who are fortunate enough to be able to listen live or be members, but everybody who listens, because hopefully everybody is benefiting from this. And I love the fact that it's it's about connecting people as well as, you know, connecting things in a way that is safe and secure. Yes, I agree. Like it's all a little bit different, you know, and I we are so happy for all of the conductors that make this show what it is. It's so different than any other. Like this show is our show and it's our baby show. And we love our show and it's special. And our listeners and our conductors are the ones that make it special. Not just Jay and I, you know, we're just here. We're just hanging out, especially when it's just Rose. Oh, goodness. Well, with that, I think we're ready to check on our connections for the next fortnight. Yeah. And Rose, why don't you go first? Yeah. So one of the things I mentioned earlier was my review now consists of looking back at previous reviews. And I realize that there is some information that would be helpful to me in addition to those, so that I don't need to go searching in as many places. So I am I'm I'm switching to using obsidian for my reviews, and I am working on creating and improving my review templates in obsidian for daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly and yearly reviews with prompt questions. And so I actually have a little request, if people wouldn't mind sharing any questions that they have that they use as part of their reviews in the systems and themes channel, that would be greatly appreciated. I know somebody was in there the other day. I'm not sure if I'm allowed to mention who it was. So I went, but they were asking what questions that people usually ask in their yearly reviews. And so I linked to some resources that I use. But if you have questions that you ask yourself as part of any of your reviews, I would love to hear them and borrow from them, if I may. Oh, yes, please. I love that idea, especially if I could possibly also start doing I'll be sharing the dropbox photo with the templates with you. So you're you're good to steal. Wonderful. Wonderful. So my connection is going to be finding a universal inbox. Right now, my system, as we've kind of talked at the beginning of this show, the very first episode, we talked about our systems. And I'm learning that what I'm doing isn't quite working for me anymore. The way that stuff is happening is changing. And because of that, I need to find a better inboxing system, whatever that looks like. I don't know yet. And so having this previously mentioned blank slate idea of just kind of going with what brings me joy instead of what I feel like I should be doing, I think is going to be really helpful, beneficial, even if it tells me what not to do. I think that's really great. Yeah, I have an instinctual suggestion, which I'm sure everybody is going to be able to guess, which is drafts. But we can talk about that. Maybe we can have a chat in systems and themes later in the break room about possible inboxes that you could try and use, because I'm sure there are many options and maybe you just need to try a couple and see what sparks joy for you. I think that sounds like a great idea, because I've used drafts in the past, but not really used it, just downloaded it, you know, the way that you do with new apps that everyone talks about. And then you like don't really do anything with. So I'm excited now that I have a purpose for it to see kind of how that works. Certainly worth trying, just like I'm sure there are many other solutions that are worth trying. And we'll just have to see if we can find one for you that works for you. Exactly. And I know that everyone in the discourse will be more than happy to help and support. Oh, definitely. Because that's what they do. Definitely. Yes. And speaking of all of our amazing conductors, I'm going to start with the alphabet of the show again, because Jay has come with his connection for the next fortnight, which is to identify X amount of funds to cut. He had a different one, but sadly, life got in the way. I'm sure he will be more than happy to discuss certain things in the future, because I know that we we've already prepped our episode, our next episode now that, you know, that episode isn't this one. But it all works out. And so I can't wait to hear how his connection goes in the next couple of weeks. Yeah. Fingers crossed. We'll get to hear some positive news about that. Samantha's next connection is to come up with a commitment plan for 2022 to stay in touch better with those they care about a connection about connection. I love it. I also sometimes feel like I don't do well enough about keeping in touch with the people that I care about. So I'm going to maybe keep that in mind. Thank you for the inspiration, Samantha. Such a great idea. All right. Our Papa Tibbs, his connection with a new direction and project in 2022. The connection is to spend these liminal days planning. So he doesn't have to have a mad rush every Thursday. I mean, the power of planning is obvious. But when you're in the middle of it, a lot of times it can be really overwhelming to like, oh, but I'm so busy. Life is so full. What can I do to get past that? Like, how how how do I even do this? I don't have time to plan. And we all know that that's not true. You can easily find time to plan. But reminding yourself that you need to know that you need to plan. I like just this concentration, this connection of, hey, you know what you need to do. You can do it. You can do it. Yes, we believe in you. I am very confident Rob can do this. And also, I have a thing where previously it was a mad rush for every Friday and then it was every Tuesday. And then I made a checklist and that really, really helps. So suggest if Rob, you don't have a checklist yet. Might maybe try creating one as part of your system for planning so that you know what it is you need to do. Ryan's check in his connection for the next fortnight is to get back into his routines after taking some time not to worry about that stuff over the past couple of weeks. That it was an excellent idea, Ryan, taking a couple of weeks off can be really, really good for you. So good luck getting back into things. I know it might be tricky, but I'm very sure you'll manage it and it'll be helpful to you as well. Tony Sky Day, Tony of the show, says that his connection for the next fortnight is to make significant progress on three big projects that are going to stress his creative and development chops, respectively, in ways that are exciting and scary. I my heart is going out for you, Tony. You can do this. You can do this. We are here to support and love on you in any way that we can. It also sounds hella scary. I don't even need to know what the projects are. But the fact that you're getting. Yep. Three projects. Three projects can be quite scary. But equally, you know, if you're if you're getting frustrated with one, then it does mean that you've got a choice of two to hop to, which can be pretty nice, like not just having one big thing going on, like having things that you could chop and change between when you get stuck or freaked out or whatever it is about one of them can be quite helpful. So good luck, Tony. I'm sure you can do it. And our final check in for today comes from Kate. And they said their connection for the next two weeks is to write a version of each of the sections for the dissertation. So they'll have two weeks to edit and format before it's due at the start of February with a fingers crossed emoji. That sounds like a lot of work, Kate, but I am very sure you can do this. You know, I've seen some of what Kate's posted in the discord with things, and I know that, you know, it's going to be a challenge, but I am very sure they can do this. So good luck. Absolutely. You can do it. You know, you can do it. We know you can do it. Everyone can do it. Oh, goodness. Well, with that, I think we have our show. Rose, I think we can did it.