---
description: Jay had some life happen and now he needs to make some decisions. Kathy
  is here to help break down the BIG focus and how to put all the choices through
  the right frame of mind.
pub_date: January 27th, 2022
title: '15: Jay Has Some Big Decisions '
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/15
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we condue our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that isn't here to tire you out. This episode is brought to you by Timing. Hey, I'm Kathy Campbell and with me today is the best co-host in the entire world. We've got Jay Miller. I'm just glad to be here today to accept this award. And yeah, I'd like to give all honor and thanks and hope the music's playing. We should probably continue. Okay, thank you. Nobody tell Alex. I love you, Alex. Anyways, as we always do on this show, we're going to start out with some shout outs. And Jay, do you want to get started? Yeah, Kathy, I was on another podcast. I'm sorry. I hate to tell you. Traitor. I was on this show called Talking to the Internet with Cory and it was. Hey, I was too. What? You were too? Yeah, he totally invited me. Also, you're not the only special one. Oh, see now I'm my heart. No, no, it's it's perfectly cool. It's fine. Your interview is better than mine. So it's not at all. So if you want to listen to someone who's done podcasting for a long time, then listen to my interview. And if you want to listen to someone who is great at business decisions and making those decisions and we will learn about those decisions later, listen to Kathy's. I think both of them were really, really good. And to be fair, just like with this show, whenever we stop recording, we completely forget everything that was said. And a lot of times while still recording, like I don't remember what I just said, like five minutes ago. So thankfully it's recorded. So I don't have to. We have so many great people that can tell us what I've said, which I super, super appreciate the entire relay community and especially our friends in the relay discord. And if you are a relay member, we recently sent out a newsletter that has information to a survey on how we can have our relay community be even better than it is now. Our goal is to always be the best that we can be in the non-US Army manner. But we really want to hear what you think. So we have it's fully anonymous. Make sure to check your email newsletter or in the discord and check that out so we can hear your feedback. We've had so many wonderful comments and inspirations and thoughts that are all coming together to help us get better. So we would really appreciate if you could do that for us. Yeah, even when I was filling out that survey, I was like, it's great, it's great, it's great. And then some of the questions were like, whoa, how can it be better? And one of those might be pool party. Pool party what? I think that that was that was one of my answers. Maybe post pandemic, we can do a pool party. It might be hard to find a venue that can hold a couple thousand people, but we'll try. I meant billiards, obviously. Gotcha, gotcha. And another awesome shout out goes to our programmer of the show, Matt, who folks for those that have been listening for a while, you know that every once in a while, Jay has a massive like brain hiccup and then he forgets people's names and they're of the show titles. So our wonderful programmer, Matt, got to chat with me for a while and test some stuff. And now when people go into our super awesome relay community and they use the conduit thing, conduit, help me out here, Kathy, the conduit emoji. Yes, in follow up, if they put the conduit emoji at the beginning or anywhere else do question mark my conduit, they get put into our magical spreadsheet. And also they're of the shows also get added to the spreadsheet. So then Jay can just read the spreadsheet and not mess up someone's name repeatedly for about two minutes. The really nice part is that because it links to your discord name, you can change your name to be, oh, I don't know, some random nickname that else has given you and it won't mess up our spreadsheet. So we love you, Maddy V. And we also love our amazing relay FM community who's listening to this live and adding more entries into the spreadsheets and talking so much trash right now. So, yes, Kate never changed their nickname and yet Jay still has issues remembering their nickname, which is fine. I'm not going to mention the several times that I had to correct him in our spreadsheet while prepping for this show, because that would be too far behind the curtain. So instead, we're just going to move on and say that if you would like to become a member and you aren't already, go to relay.fm slash conduit and become a member of our show. Or if you want, you can become a member of another show as well. We will still love you and appreciate you. And thank you for being a part of the community as a whole. And then also check out the discord. I know it can seem super overwhelming sometimes, but I promise everyone here is here to support you and however long you are hanging out with us. We love you. We appreciate you. You are valued and worthy of being a part of this. So check out relay.fm slash conduit and come and party with us. Zap. Zap. That was like Southern. Let's do some connection checks. How's your connection there, Jay? So you might remember Jay had insomnia this morning and woke up really early and then proceeded to do the thing that you shouldn't do unless you know people have a good relationship with Do Not Disturb. Message Kathy at like 6 a.m. saying, I need to go take a three mile walk. Yes. Yes. And I'm awake because my brain is dumb. And I am awake pretty much any time between six and seven. But also it meant that I was awake and able to tell Jay and support him in his caffeine acceptance walk. Yes. So I should probably use this as a way to shout out a local coffee roaster that I use, Manzanita Roasting Company. Folks, we're going to be talking a lot about budgets and finances slightly in some ways today. And one of the things that I had to make a decision on was do I continue to buy the coffee that I buy? And this isn't an ad in any way, shape or form. But the answer was yes, because to be honest, the roaster that I use is actually really awesome. Not only do they use good beans and good farms and stuff and they pay actual good living wages to the farmers that farm those beans, but they are also a part of a co-op. So anything that goes above their budget actually goes to help the local schools and community where the farms are in Kenya. So yeah, just that's kind of a little shout out to them. But as I was having that conversation on my walk to go get my beans, I had to have a very real conversation with myself, which we will get into. We'll talk about a little bit later. But connection was successful. I had a great time and I actually really missed going on those walks as a 3.14 mile walk. Yeah, it's a pie walk. I'm not a cake walk. But I think I'm going to make a habit of doing that regularly. I love that had to go in and snipe the title. Oh, except I did it wrong. That's fine. I spelled it wrong. No big deal. Anyways, so my connection was to make my office full of joyful ease. And I am kind of on the way to that, not fully complete. And I realized that I was hitting some blocks because I couldn't find the tools that I wanted to add in. And I allowed myself to just purchase more. I don't know why I had a block. Specifically, one of the things that I want to do is have all of the current clients that I'm working with written out on index cards. But then I couldn't find the index cards. They're 79 cents. But the thought of like, I have index cards in my house, I can just find them. I, it was an interesting conversation that I had with myself and several people. But you'll be happy to know that I purchased index cards yesterday for 79 cents. And I am in the process of making that list to go on the board. I have three hexagons because hexagons are the bestagons on the wall that I can push pin them in. And that will be on the way to continuously adding to my joyful space. So when you said they were 79 cents, I was like, what index cards is she buying? Because my index cards are more than 79 cents, which is part of the problem. But Yes, mine are the pen and gear blank index cards, a count of 100 that are three by five from my local grocery store. And they are the improved heavier weight. So I have that going for me. I'm starting to see some of the problems that I'm having. Let's, okay, we're not there yet. Speaking of folks who don't have problems, let's take a, let's take a gander at some of those conductor connections. What is happening right now? I don't know, but I thought I was the host and you kind of just jump in. Oh, I'm sorry. Take over. It's fine. It's fine. I'm anxious. Maybe you're less of my favorite co-host right now. I'm just kidding. I love you. We're gonna go back on track. Choo Choo, Conductor's Connections. Let's start with Big Lou with their connection check. The connection for this past week was to not only survive the move, which was the easiest move they've ever done, but to also get their desk area set up in a better capacity than they had in the past place. Although they have a ways to go, including buying a new iMac in a few weeks. Amazing. Congratulations on that. Jealous. More at peace than they did prior. That's incredible. But also incredible is this next line. They have more space to work on their magic, the gathering cards, as well as schoolwork. Also jealous. And them are beyond thrilled with the apartment and can't wait to see what happens next. I love this so much. Moving and the fact that it was the best move ever is incredible. But feeling that sense of peace with where you're at and the space that you are spending so much of your day is so important. I love it so much. Congratulations. Yeah, I think that there there's definitely something to say about not just having a place for your stuff, but having like the place for your stuff. Yes. Yes. That's always a good feeling. Next, we have chin toss. They said connection check is a plus. I had a difficult conversation with my manager about the parts of my job that are souring the rest of work result. We're now advertising for someone else to take on some of the work so that I can do the stuff I actually like. It sounds like someone used the tire method to let them know that they may not have the energy resources, time or intuition that would make them good for the certain things. And as a result, they got some actual results. And if you didn't use it, that's okay. I just did now for you. So you're good. Yes, the famous Erty method, as Skyler points out in the chat. Yeah, for those for those folks that want to reach out to me saying that it should be the right method or the whatever method, the ready method. No, we just need to come up with the S and make it the Tetris method and then leave it at that. Okay, it's not ever going to be the Tetris method, but that's fine because it's the tire method. And that's the way that works. The tire method is actually out in the public now. I have given now two talks where I have referenced the tire method. Heck yes, more so than our amazing talks on this podcast. Heading over to Ankenu, who I know we've given an of the show name, but I cannot remember because remember this whole thing where I say words and I forget what they are. So Ankenu, let us know what your of the show name is so that we can write it down again or pick your own because that's also an option. Anyways, connection check is yellow flagged. The connection is from a couple shows back was to pare down and create space. They saw some momentum and action, but there is more to do. Homes acquire unnecessary stuff to fill their space, but they intend to continue to fight that entropy. What an amazing battle that you are fighting. I am in that fight with you in the deep, deep war battle for it. I don't know why I have so many like military metaphors, army, whatever. It doesn't matter because I am also getting rid of so much stuff. So we are on that journey together. It sounds like you're trying to get in command of your. Trying, trying. Yeah, I am definitely there with you Ankenu. I spent a good two hours last week outside moving trash from one pile to another one, but luckily this is the pile that will actually go and disappear once a week. So that's nice. I am glad that we're moving there. Okay, moving on to our friend of the show down under else connection check. I handed over everything from my old position. Last meeting was last week and I'm starting to get my head around what my new position actually looks like. That is awesome. And I just want to throw out there. I am super excited for the next step in your journey. And I know that you're looking forward to it as well and that it's going to be absolutely amazing. Our final connection check comes from Kate, the artist of the show, and they finished all the sections they were expecting to finish on their dissertation and some of the visual stuff too. Just a couple things to write and draw and some layout tweaks and it'll be done. This journey. Oh my goodness, Kate, I am so incredibly proud of you on how you're doing and steady, steady work like this, this pace that you're going at, you know exactly what you need to do. And you're so close. You're so close. And I'm so excited for you. So excited for you. And I'm just glad I didn't have to read because we don't want to revisit from the last episode. Let's move on to our sponsor. This episode of Conduit is brought to you by Timing, the intelligent time tracking app you can trust. Whether you're billing by the hour employed or billing per project, you might need to estimate how long a task is going to take, or maybe you just want a better understanding of where your time goes so you can make some positive changes. Time tracking helps you stay on track with those estimates to make sure you don't end up in the red with your projects and to make more accurate estimates in the future. But in today's work environment, work changes so quickly that you can't start and stop a timer for everything. The good news is your computer already knows what to do. So why the good news is your computer already knows what you do. So why not have it track time for you? Timing automatically tracks everything you do on your Mac without having to lift a finger. You can trust it to always give you the complete picture. Timing will detect when you are in a video call and let's you record what the meeting was about afterwards. And there's even more magic like this in timing to make recording your time as easy as possible. Plus you can enjoy the activity screen which presents your app usage including websites, file paths, and window titles. And if you want to, you can start and stop timers from within the main timing app. And if you are collaborating with colleagues, Timing's Teams features lets you share projects with them and record everyone's time in a central location. Which lets managers get a quick overview of where their team members spend their time while preserving their privacy. Because which apps, documents, and websites each team member uses stays private and is not visible to managers. Plus with a super slick onboarding process, everyone will be up to speed in no time. Kathy, I have some stats for you. Yes, give me the numbers. So I actually had two days off last week and if you do the traditional eight hour work week, that's like what 24 hours that I should have been working. How about I worked 28 hours which I need to figure out where those other hours went and it's easy to do because of timing. And I can tell you that three of them went to meetings. I can see all of this from the timing dashboard and I can start to put some of the things in place that will mean that I no longer am overworking and not getting paid for it. Nice. Having those numbers means that you can present them to someone in charge and say, look, this is what I'm doing. Give me. And if you want to take control of how you spend your time and improve your productivity, download the free 14 day trial today by going to timingapp.com slash conduit and save 10% when you subscribe. That's timingapp.com slash conduit to try timing for free and save 10% when you subscribe. Our thanks to Timing for their support of this show and all of Relay FM. Thanks. All right, Jay, I think it's time for you to tell us a little bit about what's going on in your house. Okay, so I've been I've been teasing this ever since I lost my voice and apparently have yet to completely find all of it. But yeah, there's been stuff happening behind the scenes, a lot of things happening. I will start out by saying this first. I'm in a position of incredible privilege. And as I'm talking about this, I'm aware of that and it's making me a little anxious. So I'm not going to give out any specifics, but I am not asking for anything. I'm just asking maybe for virtual hugs and you can do it. So all that to be said, we had a massive financial shift in our household over the holidays. A few days after Christmas, we found out that there were going to be layoffs happening and my wife was impacted by that. Not to fear too much because one of the things that we were hoping for was an opportunity for my wife to do the thing that she wanted to do and become a stay at home mom. So in many ways, this was just the thing to start that process. Notice how I said start and not we had all our ducks in a row. We had put money aside and done all these other things and started thinking about how we were going to do this. It was more like this would be a great idea. Oh, and it looks like it's happening. Surprise. Exactly. So that being said, we had to make some decisions. Were we going to give it a shot? Were we going to prolong things even longer? And we decided we're going to give it a shot. That said, there were a lot of uncertainties around if this financial shift would damage our budget in the long term and what we would do to make this process as easy as possible. This is where it got interesting because with one person doing work and that person being someone who has ADHD and gets a bunch of ideas, I immediately started going towards the, I should do this. I should do that. I can make a little bit extra doing this thing over here. Luckily, I have the wonderful business unicorn of the internet on not even speed dial, but you are in my favorites list and messages if that's for anything. Yeah, absolutely. That I could immediately go to anytime I had an idea so that I could say, Kathy, I need to give you permission to tell me no. Because had I said yes to everything, well, for those that love hearing me talk on podcasts, there'd be about four more of those. But also there would be some live streams, videos and a whole lot more freelance work that I would have picked up. I wanted to talk today about the process of dealing with decision excitement. I know we did an episode recently about the joy in being able to say yes and how it's okay to say yes, but expanding on keeping your priorities in order while also being excited about new opportunities, but also maybe kicking the can down the road a little bit on some of them. Yeah. Yeah, I know so often when a situation like this happens, I've had several of them, these situations happen over the years. When we decided to have my husband be a stay at home dad, when he had his stroke, when I had my... In the period of time from his stroke to me being 100% self-employed, there were several job layoffs, firings, transition periods that were kind of forced on me. And so it can be really overwhelming to be in a situation where you don't have all the control. And I am almost envious of the fact that you get to talk to me about it because I didn't really have somebody like that in my situation. So I was just kind of doing the best I could. And eventually it works out one way or the other. But being able to help you in this time has been really, really... I feel really lucky that I'm able to help you. And I know how difficult it's been and I know how many really rough choices you've had, especially when you've been really excited about something. And so I know I'm just really proud of you. I mean, for the record, there are YouTube channels that have been acquired that are... I didn't have to pay for them, I just made the account for ideas that... I had this great idea and I was like, I have, again, that intuition from the tire method of, I could do this, no one else is doing this, and I'm in the unique position of doing this. And also there are people that are asking, man, I really wish that someone would do this. And it's like, I'm the person, but now is not the time. Exactly. And that's not saying that the future couldn't be a different option. There's nothing to say that you can utilize that YouTube channel in the future. That is... I'm not absolutely not saying, never do this. This is a terrible idea because that's not how I would say it anyways, but also like... But now that's not where your energy needs to go into. You have the intuition, you don't really have the time. And I wouldn't have the energy if I said yes to everything. Exactly. Exactly. So having the very, very... That narrow tire of what can financially contribute to your day is the important part, really. I had some productivity like gold that just popped into my head. Go ahead, go ahead, go ahead. I'll bring it up later. I don't know what I was going to say. So, we see you interrupted me and I already said the things that I was going to say, and I forgot what I was saying. So it doesn't matter. But either way, right now your goal is to make money. And there's nothing wrong with that. That's an okay thing to have, and that's an okay goal. There's nothing wrong in this capitalist world. When you're in a situation like this, financial money is important. You can't say that it's not important. And it's okay to make decisions that benefit you financially when you're in a situation like this that is make or break, really. So the cool thing about tire is when you look at a tire, there's a lot of analogies that you can relate to in this. And in this, I thought of two of them. One was tire width, tire pressure, all of these different things that go into how do I make this decision. It's not always just, well, it's 25% time, 25% intuition, 25% resources. It's like when you have a lot of time on your hands, maybe that tread or that part of the tire is a little bit wider than the other ones. And then you have to also rely on other parts. You have to rely on your intuition a little bit more when it's like, oh yeah, I have all the time in the world. Do you really though? And then also you have this situation of what's the pressure that is coming around what you're doing? Because again, I can make the decision of like, I work eight hours. Well, we've already proven that's a lie. Thanks timing. I work a certain number of hours during the day. And then afterwards, I have responsibilities as a spouse and a parent that I have to commit to. And making a decision based on time that I think I have is actually taking time away from those other things. And if I'm not aware of that, then sure, I might say yes to something. And to be fair, I have said yes to some things. There are some projects that I've said yes to and Kathy and I talked about it. And eventually I was like, yeah, you said I probably shouldn't, but I'm going to. Which is 100% okay. Like I am not your boss. I am not your mom. I am not in charge of your life. I'm just here to support you. But to be fair, you are my co-host and you, as you've said on other shows that you've recorded without me, Haram, you rely on me to do certain things for this show, to make the show what it is and to make sure that we can show up. And I mean, even today, as this was a moment where I was dealing with a lot of anxiety, I was dealing with a lot of stress and that played an effect in how we planned this show to where I missed certain things, which made our timing off, not sponsor, but whatever. It threw off the groove. And I've talked about this before. Don't throw off the groove. That becomes so easy to do when you just start adding things out of panic or adding things out of this strange necessity, thinking like this could be the thing that makes these other decisions that we made, these big decisions, okay. And to be fair, I still don't know. I don't know if the decisions that I made are going to be positive or negative. I think one of the things that I did do was I gave myself permission to bail. We have looked at it and said, okay, what are the things that we can't give up? Conduit is a thing that we can't give up. There are too many amazing people. And at the end of the day, I get so excited about Tuesdays. To be fair, that 3.14 mile walk to the coffee shop to grab beans from a single origin roaster, which is more expensive, I could go get the $4 can of Folgers. But it was something that as my wife and I were looking at our budget, one of the suggestions was, well, what if I give up this thing? And it was her that said, absolutely not. You love your coffee. You have posters dedicated to your love for coffee, which I know sounds awkward, but that's okay. It's my life, not yours. Right? You do you, Boo-Boo. Yeah. And so a part of that is saying, if you are just so rushed and so panicked about these big decisions that have to be made, it can cause you to make the wrong one, to be fair. And I want to ensure that before I do anything to sabotage my conductor family, my actual family, and my own mental health, that's something that I ignored for 30 plus years. So now that I have some form of control, I don't know how much, but some of it, that's something I want to protect. So now those decisions just have so much more weight to them. And every single decision just has so much more weight. Kathy, what do I do? There's so much weight. I mean, I'm going to quote the great Lin-Manuel Miranda from Encanto. Oh, so good. It's pressure like a drip, drip, drip that'll never stop. Whoa. There's a mental, there's a visual here of instead of donkeys dancing, of unicorns dancing. Yes, yes, exactly. So I could sit here and quote the entire song. I'm sure you could. I mean, I'm reading it from the page. Don't get me wrong. It's stuck in my head, but I don't know at all, which is fine. But just remember that weight is going to hit and it's going to be so heavy and that pressure is going to get worse and worse, but you're not alone. You can ask for help and you can get support to hold it. So you don't buckle and bend, but never break. No mistakes. Just pressure like a grip, grip, grip. Okay, okay. I think I got it. I think I got it. Yeah, I have definitely been in a lot of conversations about the situation. And like I said, there is relief that seems to be on the way and it's nothing that I can really talk about at the moment. There's a lot of stuff that we're looking at. There's a lot of things that we're discussing. There's a lot of decisions that we haven't made yet that we still have to try and figure out. And if things go well, I know that in time and again, I'm saying this all from a very high position of privilege of like we have food to eat. We have a roof over our heads. Everybody's happy. I like to send Kathy videos of my kiddo asking questions about new, new records. It's the best. Not old acorns, but new acorns. New acorns. That's the cutest thing ever. Please continue. Yeah. So there's it. I'm making it sound like there's a lot of doom and gloom. And I know that as someone who has been in much worse a situation, like this too shall pass, things will get better. But more than anything, as we start to, you know, as I start to try to make some of these decisions of how to get to, you know, rainbows and things being better, I have to be careful that I'm not putting myself in a position that I miss the opportunity to make things better because I'm doing so many other things that, you know, down the road I'm looking at and it's like, you're great. I'm in the same situation and now I'm more stressed because I have all these other commitments that I have to give myself. Yeah. And I think you're doing a great job at keeping those barriers in place, being able to bail and say no to things. And also it's okay to not make all of the decisions right now. You are at that point where, you know, you're kind of recognizing the fact that there are choices to make in the future and you can make it there. Like you don't have to, okay, this is what I'm going to do to fix this problem. This is the be all end all. I can't make any changes. And I think that's really important to keep in your mind that it's okay to make a change or make a choice that's just for right now and know that the future is going to change and there's going to be different situations and scenarios that will offer to make the tire different. And it's okay to make adjustments as it goes on. Yeah. And not to get too excited about making something different, something sharp and something new. Yes. Yes. Because yeah, just because it's new doesn't necessarily mean it's better. Yeah. So that said, should we bring it in to the thing? I'm done. I have nothing else that I can contribute to this. I'm just so proud of you. I know this has been really stressful and really difficult and you're doing an incredible job, the best that you can do for you and for your family. And I am just so proud of you. And to be fair, this has been a form of therapy. So everyone that got to listen, thank you. Thank you so much for attending my therapy session. This has been great. It's been a massive weight. Just being able to vocalize this. I mean, even my connection for the last episode was like, get all this in your head, get all this stuff figured out so you can keep moving. And now it's been out there. It's been said and I feel better. That's good. I'm glad because I feel better too. And I'm happy that we had our family of conductors here to give you a hug and help you feel a little bit better. Yep. All right. So shall we do our connections for the next fortnight? Yeah. Way to sound super excited. Well, so I have three things that I have thought about doing and I need to say no to one of them. So that's going to be my connection is say no to something, say no to one of the three. And I mean, this is, it's going to be hard. I don't know. It's so much. I have this great method. No, actually, I don't know how helpful that would be because you know that you don't have the energy and rest of it to do all three. And so it's going to come down to which to make you most excited. I mean, to be fair, I don't know if I have the energy to do two of the three. But okay. Well, then I think we're going to we'll take this discussion off. Yeah. Baby steps, baby steps. Right now my connection and the connection that I'm committing to is saying no to one of the three. All right. Right. At least one, at least one. Say no to at least one of the three. There you go. What about you, Kathy? Oh, goodness. I am feeling very scattered from a large a variety of different locations and areas. And I would like to spend the next fortnight on kind of tracking or journaling or some sort of way to see if I can identify where specifically it's coming from so that I can maybe try to get it a little bit under control. Like, hey, is this, you know, a side effect of new medication that I'm taking? Is this because it's the end of January? Is it because of X, Y? Like, who knows what? I don't really know exactly what's going on. And so I'm going to try and maybe, maybe do a little like journaling. But I don't know. Figure out what's going on. Maybe is going to be my connection. But I realize that that is very, very wide opened of a choice. So, yeah, I think that's OK, though, because how you figure it out can be a part of the process and part of the journey. Like, I think that, you know, and knowing is half the battle. Man, this is a this is a reference heavy show. But I mean, to be fair, they all are. Yeah. So like, you know the what you don't really know the how and sometimes figuring out the how is required before you figure out the rest. Yeah. Yeah. In other news, let's check in with our conductors. We're going to start out with Chintas, who the connection for next week is don't take on any more major projects so that they can finish off the accumulated accumulated small and non-urgent but important tasks. Wow. That sounds really familiar. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe maybe they can say no to at least one of the three. Yes, I agree. Also, we have the blue dragon of the show, Sky, the baby blue dragon. Their connection check for the next week or so is to cultivate their online presence. They have a website and a Twitter. I didn't even know that. But there's more that they think that they can do to put themselves out there. And yeah, again, shout out to all the great things that Sky is doing. Big fan, number one fan. I know that's a fight. I know that's fighting words for some people. But yeah, bring it. It's fine. I'll fight you later. All right. Onkanoos connection for the next fortnight is to enjoy some of their time off. Way behind end of year leave carryover and have to take time off. Good. Yes. Take your time off. That is important. Please do. Clear some fun projects. And when they get back to work, start building better information summary tools as they work more closely with two colleagues on a new project. What a great way to kind of free your mind. The rest will follow and take a breather to let you jump into the new project so that you can kind of have those things in place to be able to go forth and power through it. I can't wait to hear how the next two weeks goes for you. Absolutely. And our friend of the show down under, Ells, says to plan for the next couple of weeks and to try and set up some systems to help stay on top of everything. I think there's a channel in that, in our Discord group, relay.fm slash conduit become a member. And I blah, blah, blah. I lost my spot there to stay on top of things and not make mistakes with a scary number of zeros after them. And I feel you. It's certainly not going to be a dull two weeks. Well, you can do it though. Yes, you can. Con. Con. Con. Con. Con. Wow. This is going great. All right. Our artists of the show, Kate's Connection for the next few weeks. Their dissertation is due in just over a week on 2nd of February, which is so close and yet you've got time. So finishing that is the priority. A week after that, they have a deadline for their other project. Oh my God. I didn't know. You have two projects? Holy cow. With that dissertation. Okay. Your plan is to give yourself a day or two off, then not push themselves too hard for that one as it's not the final submission. So it'll be a busy few weeks. Absolutely. It's going to be a super busy couple of weeks. I'm proud of you for taking those breaks and taking that time to like really concentrate on you and do what you can to make it as easy as possible. I'm so proud of you and you're going to do incredible. If you add another, if you add a third project to that, I know what a good connection is. We can check out Maddie's, friend of the show, Maddie's Connection, which is to find a way to record and track connections. Yes. So you can keep up with them. Might I suggest, I know a developer who helps us out a lot. Maybe they can help you. But also, I would be also happy and interested in learning more about this process and learning more about that and all of it. But they want to do this. So having those four nightly targets can continue to be helpful for keeping up the momentum in case they get a case of the Mondays. All right. So Rob, our Dungeon Master of the show, is making a brief return to the year of the Inferno, feeling overwhelmed by multiple inputs and the backlog. They're going to harshly call their podcast subs, hopefully not this one, and their letterboxed watch list and actually make a plan for their media consumption in the short term. That is super, super important. I've also gone through and really streamlined my podcast listening thing because I don't really do it. Like I just haven't listened to a lot of podcasts. And so I feel that guilt. So I'll stay subscribed, but it's not in my feed anymore. So I'm like, yes, let me give you those numbers. But maybe not. So I definitely feel you deeply and I can't wait to see how your media consumption gets adjusted in the future. And lastly, the rails of the show. Where you been? This show's been off the rails. Dave Railsie has their connection is to create a schedule, actually create a schedule in a calendar, actually create a schedule, that words, actually create a schedule in the calendar, then get down to writing down all the side projects and maybe actually start writing the dissertation and keep working on a little game. Wait a minute, how many was that three? Was that three? If that was three, we got to have a discussion. No. Yeah. Yeah. But I think really we need to make sure that Railsie doesn't start their dissertation until Kate finishes theirs. Like there's a one dissertation per server allowed. I don't know if that's how dissertations work. I'm pretty sure they have. They have deadlines. Okay, fine. I guess that's acceptable. But Dave, we believe you can do it. Wow. Yeah, it's I'm the host, Jay. I know. I know. I'm stressing. I'm taking too much on, but I know. So I'm taking this off your plate and I'm going to just ask you one question. But at first I'm going to say thank you to Timing for sponsoring this episode because we appreciate you so much. But now I'm going to ask you one question, Jay, did we con do it? We con did at least two of the things. If there's a third one, we're going to have to. Oh my goodness. We con did something.