---
description: Whether the Bees are Buzzing or there are no bones or spoons, thank you
  for being a friend and telling me the thing I needed to hear.
pub_date: February 10th, 2022
title: '16: A Good Friend Tells You What You Already Knew'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/16
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we condue our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that gives advice that you probably already knew, but needed us to tell you anyway. This episode is brought to you by Timing. I'm Jay, and with me is the most splendiferous, fantabulous, and unicorn-act-alus person that I know, the one Kathy Campbell. Wow. Wow. So happy to be here. I'm ready to be with the Jay-awesome-nance-some. I'm done. I'm done. Shout out. Let's just go. Shout out. We're just moving on. Oh man, I wish we had voice bumpers for all of our stuff so I could go, shout out. First shout out goes to my jobby job. Folks that listened to last episode know that I had a lot happening, a lot of decisions to make, and I talked with my jobby job, and my jobby job has decided to help out. So thank you. It does feel great to work somewhere that not only cares about what you're doing for them but also your welfare as well, and how giving people the time they need as well as many other things. I love, yes, corporate America, capitalism, blah blah blah, but yet sometimes companies can do some good. I'm so glad that they're taking care of you because you deserve it. And my shout out is for the fantastic affirmations app that just got updated. Make sure to update your app for all of the goodies that friend of the show, Justin Hamilton, aka cube of the show, has put together. We highly, highly recommend it. If you haven't checked it out yet, links will be in the show notes because this is the app that you didn't know that you needed. I was telling somebody about this app and they knew about it but they didn't know the person. And that's because they're not in our amazing break room, which is our other shout out break room. So amazing. I gave my ADHD talk and I just wanted to give a reminder shout out to all the awesome people that humored me for like a day, giving me wonderful, wonderful insight into how they work and think and live and do. You're all amazing and thank you so much for that. Absolutely. And my second one is also to the break room because this whole thing about having other people tell you things that you know what you need to do kind of was a little bit tweaked because I injured myself pretty badly on Friday night and the love and support in break room helped me like get over my need for rest because my knees are really jacked up and they kept me company all weekend. So thank you for telling me the things that I already know but that I needed to be told. Absolutely. Let's immediately talk about how you can become a member of the famous, infamous, notorious B-I-E-A-N-O-P-E-R-F-D Relay FM Discord where the break room resides as well as systems and themes and so many other wonderful channels. The live show, live stream, live stream chat where you can hear this episode recorded live if you want to hang out with all of the fun people including if you are a new conductor and you want to get to pick your of the show in person and talk to us directly, you can hang out in that channel and we will point you out and say, hey, give us your of the show in a less forceful way, right? So we didn't like strong arm you into giving us a of the show name because that would be wrong and we definitely didn't do that, right? So join today at relay.fm slash conduit. I think it's time to do that thing with the electricity and check our connections. Would that be zap? Kathy, what was your connection last week? My connection was to maybe do a little journaling and figure out what's going on? I'm putting an X on this because I tried and ended up just kind of sitting and letting the ink on my fountain pen dry on the pen. I tried a couple times to just kind of get it and I think my brain is just not ready for this yet. So it will be a goal in the future and hopefully brain bees will organize themselves into a hive. What about you, Jay? My connection was to say no to at least one of the three things. Well, can I get like a check plus? I did only say no to- You can do my check too. I did only say no to one of the original three things, but a fourth thing tried to weasel its way in and I put up a barrier so fast and was like, no, I'm not doing this. I'm going to listen to chin toss and use our tire method to figure out whether or not I can do this. The answer was a quick no. I even responded in a way that set clear and well-defined reasons and barriers and the next possible opportunity that that no could become a yes. So I feel like I tired the tire method out and did no in the best of possible ways. That's fan fricking task and I can't wait to read about it in a blog post. I see what you did there. Speaking of people that like to give me things that I have to now go and do, our tire advocate of the show chin toss had a connection check that was yellow. It says I managed to get through about 70% of the small tasks that I wanted to get through. I didn't take on any major tasks immediately, but added more long-term tasks to start in a few weeks. I know that a lot of people know that whole Eisenhower method and the whole do defer, delegate, and delete. I like to defer things. I think that's one of the best ways of pacing yourself. So way to go on that and you got a bunch of stuff done. Good job. Next. Yeah, that's incredible. All right. Maddie got a big green circle. She wanted to make a way to track her connections in the bullet journal and did so. It was fun to get a little creative. Sometimes making something fun makes it easier to do and follow and colorful is always more fun. I agree with that. Actually, I've gotten to play with some new colors in my notebook as well, but we will talk about that later. Justin, our cube of the show, finally shipped that affirmations update that he's been working on for the past month. Check out our shout out section. Way to go, Justin. I haven't dug into it yet, but I already can tell that it's going to be worth the wait. Yes, absolutely. And our artist of the show, Kate, their connection check says, I did it. Submitted my dissertation a whole 13 hours early, having spent that day editing it. Really proud and happy that I had the time to spare and of the essay itself. And then they took a few days to relax, especially on their birthday, and it was great. That is incredible and so awesome to be able to like 13 hours early. That's incredible. We're so proud of you. We know you've got a couple other deadlines, but you're doing great. And happy belated birthday. I also want to petition to be the Kate of the show, but that's okay. Sloth of the show on canoe, connection check. I didn't complete any of my personal projects, but several of them saw movement and activity. So maybe a pair green. I'll take that. The little project team has onboarded a new team hire and you came back from leave and you've been developing data sharing and integration tools that work for all of us. Still room for evolution, but things are smooth. I love that you came back to more people that could help, which is always great. But you're also thinking about how to make the overall team be able to conduit better and not just you, which I think is something that I personally struggle with. So I would love to hear about some of the solutions you come up with. Also, I would argue that that's a big green because even though it wasn't completed, it was processed like you're working on it. And let's, if you have to do a pair green, just go all the way green. You did great. You get two thumbs up from us, which means it's official. So check that off. New conductor of the show, Robert has a yellow connection check. They didn't complete their questions for the weekly reviews to track their theme, but did finalize the theme and goals for the year. Thanks to Maddie and Ankenu for helping them clear their thoughts on the name of the theme, which is the year to suit up. And now I will have how I met your mother stuck in my head. So thanks. Have you watched how I met your father yet? I haven't. I'm still a little bit broken from the finale of the previous show that shall not be named, or I guess I already named it. The one that you named a few. That didn't come out correct. I, it's on my list to check out at some point. Well, we should talk about how I got introduced to our new conductor, Soph. Our Oracle of the show. Thanks for the quick naming. Connection check. Last fortnight, their connection was to submit most of the nonfiction book that they're writing to their editor. I just want to pause for a second and say we have the coolest conductors ever. Right. They're amazing. So Rizoon, it was exhausting, but they con did it. And for the rest of the few days afterwards, which was a lot easier. Oh my goodness. First of all, writing a book, I want to know so many things. Yeah, we need some more information. I know. I'm so excited for you. That's just so fantastic and amazing. But Kathy, do you know what else is amazing? Uh, that's going to be our sponsor timing because this episode of conduit is brought to you by timing the intelligent time tracking app. You can trust whether you're billing by the hour employed or billing per project. You might need to estimate how long a task is going to take, or maybe you just want a better understanding of where your time goes so you can make some positive changes. Time tracking helps you stay on track with those estimates to make sure you don't end up in the red with your projects and to make more accurate estimates in the future. But in today's work environment, work changes so quickly that you can't start and stop a timer for everything. The good news is your computer already knows exactly what you do. So why not have it track time for you? Timing automatically tracks everything you do on your Mac without having to lift a finger. You can trust it to always give you the complete picture. Timing will detect when you are on a video call and lets you record what the meeting was about afterwards. And there's even more magic like this in timing to make recording your time as easy as possible. Plus, you can enjoy the activity screen which presents your app usage including websites, file paths, and window titles. And if you want to, you can start and stop timers from within the main timing app. And if you are collaborating with colleagues, Timing's Teams feature lets you share projects with them and record everyone's time in a central location. Which lets managers get a quick overview of where their team members spend their time while preserving their privacy. Because which apps, documents, and websites each team member used says private and is not visible to managers. Plus, with a super slick onboarding process, everyone will be up to speed in no time. For the last few episodes, I've been talking about many of the different ways that I use Timing. And I wanted to give people a little bit of an insight on what I do with Conduit. So I used Timing for that and I found out that this year so far in February, up to this, up till today, I've spent three hours and 29 minutes and counting on Conduit. That's whether or not we're working in our show notes doc, whether we're in discord, chatting with some of our break room folks right before the show, or recording the show itself. And honestly, it was really easy to do. I just opened up the Timing dashboard, set the dates, and then opened up my Conduit project. And I saw all of the different times and entries for when I had been working on Conduit things. And I also recently just started using Timing. It was so easy to set up and configure. And it's really, really easy to use. I love when you get off a Zoom call and it automatically pops up a window that says, Hey, what was this about? And I can just click that project and boom, it's tasked, it's loaded, it's fantastic. I highly recommend it. If you want to take control of how you spend your time and improve your productivity, download the free 14 day trial today by going to timingapp.com slash Conduit and save 10% when you subscribe. That's timingapp.com slash Conduit to try Timing for free and save 10% when you subscribe. Our thanks to Timing for their support of this show and all of Relay FM. Thanks. So Kathy, this is something that has become tradition for anytime we call, or I call you, I guess. And it's not a Conduit recording day. And it's often, Kathy, I need to give you permission to tell me no. Because for some reason when I say I shouldn't do a thing, that isn't enough power for me to not do the thing. But when you say it, you often give all of the good reasons and I go, yeah, yeah, yeah, what you said. Because the trick is, is that you've already given the reasons that you don't want to do it. And sometimes having somebody else give you those same reasons is what you need to hear. Our brains are ridiculous. Brain bees buzz a lot. Don't love them, but that's fine. That's how life lives. And I've kind of made my business out of helping people listen to the answers that they've already given. A lot of times all I do is listen to what people have to say and just give them the using the words that they've already said. It's weird. I don't know why my brain works this way, but also it makes it really hard for me to turn around and do it to myself, which I wish I could have my own unicorn to talk to, which is a whole other conversation about the level of independence, slash being able to accept help. That's a whole other conversation, I feel like. Yeah. It's far in the future. And I feel like a part of this also ties into mental health as a whole. With me having anxiety, one of my favorite tweets talks about this really well in that the reason anxiety exists is because when we think something makes sense, sometimes it doesn't. And then when we tell ourselves, oh no, that's just our anxiety talking to us, it actually does make sense. So it's hard to trust ourselves because we could just be egging ourselves on. We could just be saying, oh yeah, I know you should totally do that. And that's excitement talking and not reality. Or sometimes we could be looking at reality and not trusting that it is what it actually is. Definitely. And sometimes filtering out that information, even if it's not necessarily to get an answer, sometimes talking things out to somebody else can help you remind yourself of what that answer is. Since I don't have a mental internal dialogue, I have a really hard time just sitting and thinking. Whereas if I'm talking and talking to somebody else, that's how my brain can process what it's thinking almost, which is why I love doing podcasts and I have a much harder time listening to podcasts because I have to concentrate so hard on thinking. It's very strange. That's how my brain works though. You know, it's all good. But when I'm talking to somebody and saying, oh my gosh, I'm really anxious about like, I'm having a hard time with eggs. And then it's like, oh yeah, because you've got Y, Z, A, B and C also in your head. When my dad was diagnosed with cancer last year, he was having a surgery and I was having the hardest time working that day. I was all over the place. My clients recognized it and one of them was like, hey, are you okay? I was like, yeah, my dad's just in surgery right now. And they're like, well, no freaking wonder. Oh yeah, I probably should have just like called off today and not worked because like my brain wasn't working. But that wasn't a thing that I even thought about because I was like, I'm not at the hospital. I'm not sitting with him. I'm just waiting. But it affected how I was living my day without me realizing it. And helping someone else recognize that can be really, really helpful. And having those people that you trust. Yes, Kate, I know brains need breaks. I know this. And even you telling me this, I know that you telling me this is correct. And I know that I need to. Yeah, it's hard. Brains are hard. I mean, this is like a great example of this working. One of the things that we talked about at the beginning of the show, for those that aren't Relay FM members, Relay.fm slash Conduit become one. But we actually, you know, I mentioned what the topic was going to be today. And the first response was like, wait, don't spoil it. And it was like, no, I need to spoil it because in my head, I have all of these different things that I want to talk about. But in my own way, I don't feel like they're valid until someone else says it goes, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's that. That was smart. And I should talk about that. And and to be really clear about this, I have started discovering that some of my like auditory ticks are based out of a lack of trust in myself. If you want to play a really good drinking game, go back and listen to old episodes of Conduit and drink every time I say to be fair. And please use soda because I need you to be safe. It's it's bad. It's really bad. And I I message. I don't think it's bad. I don't think it's bad since you're recognizing it and you're acknowledging like, I think it's only bad if you are able to recognize it and don't necessarily want to get better. Because all of again, all our brains are dumb. Brains gonna brain. And that includes protective language around how you're talking, especially when, you know, this is episode 16. Holy. What episode 16? Okay, sorry. I'm a professional. I'm a professional. Like, that's a lot of episodes that we've done. But the first episodes, we were all nervous. We didn't know what this was going to be. We didn't know how it's going to be received. We didn't know what our amazing conductors would think and feel and how to support us. But being able to turn around and say, okay, this is this is working. Here we are on episode 16. And we're believing what we're saying, what we're doing, what we're presenting. And that's pretty great. So that you can then say, okay, this is why I was protecting myself at the beginning. Maybe in the future, we'll have a to be fair cut for our member show where all it is is Jay saying to be fair. And I'm sure I have an audible tick as well that I don't even know. Because as soon as words come out my mouth, I stop remembering what I said. So this is what I do need other people to tell me. Please tell me if I say things wrong or incorrect. And the phrase that I'm not going to say right now because I'm getting rolled in the chat, which is not fun. I say it because it's like me trying to validate the knowledge and the experiences that I bring to the show. And that's something that one, Kathy often reminds me that if I'm thinking about it, then it's probably a good thing because that means I'm not like I don't have these like sociopathic tendencies or I'm becoming very, very arrogant or making it all about me that I'm trying to do something that is beneficial to all of the people out there that are listening. And it's it makes me want to be better. So if I can think about how I'm doing things and have validation from someone else, it often makes me feel as if I'm smart or I deserve to be here. And that's why it sounds better when other people say it because it's a validation when you go, that's what I was thinking. It now becomes I belong. And that's one of the things that we've done as a show really well is that the community of folks that are behind the scenes helping to come up with topics, helping to just check in, just sending us messages that brighten our day, talking to certain dragons of the show. It becomes this thing that says when we hear other people validating the work that we're doing, it means that we're supposed to be here. We're supposed to be doing this thing. And that is absolutely phenomenal. And like the energy that I needed and going going all the way back to my shout out at my job, having them say, we want you to be a part of this team. So we're going to put time and energy and resources and effort into you staying as a part of this team and making sure that you can do your best work is like them saying the things that I say I need. I need help. Yes, you need help and we want to help you. And I think that that's just a great feeling. But even when we know that that's what we're supposed to do, it can be so scary to do that. So knowing that, Kathy, how can we use this to our advantage? Goodness, if I had all of the answers, I would be the richest person in the world. Well, maybe not because I'd give it a lot of it away. This is not this is not Roboism. We're not talking capitalism. That's not the ism we're talking about here. But instead, something that I my therapist recommended actually is recording my questions that I or like some of these types of things like, oh, hey, what should I do? Being able to sit and listen to an audio recording of me asking or like talking about something, then stopping the recording, putting it away and coming back the next day. Obviously, if there's enough time and listening to it, especially because your own voice sounds different in your head than it does on audio. I don't know if you know that, Jay, but yeah. And for me, it tricks my mind into thinking that it's not me asking these questions. So that I can say, oh, here's what the unicorn should do. Here's here's here's if somebody else was saying these things to me, that wasn't me telling me. How would you answer? How would you support your friend? And that has been helpful and I don't do it enough. And I really should do it more because it has been helpful, especially for big, big things that need more processing. And alternatively, talking to friends and people that you trust and not thinking that you're a bother and you don't want to bother them because that's my problem. I don't want to bother you, Jay. Well, we've already discussed this off the show. You're on my favorites list, which means I've given you permission to bother me even when I tell myself I don't want to be bothered. So take advantage of it. But also, that's where these amazing tools like the affirmations app can come into play because you can take those moments where you do need to motivate yourself, put it in the affirmations app as a custom affirmation, and then you'll just get a gentle reminder of that thing you said that one time. And if you're like me, you'll probably even forget that it was one that you said. Yeah, my affirmation right now says you are stronger than you think. And apparently I needed to hear that. So thanks, Justin. Mine has been frozen on the same one that I had someone make for me that says just because it doesn't exist is not an excuse to make it. I mean, something tells me that there's a reason that it's stuck on that because you still need to be told it. Another way that I utilize just the idea that I need other people to validate what I'm saying or to make sure I'm not sabotaging myself is I give kind of like our calls, I give people permission to do the thing that I need in that moment. That is that is often me saying I know that what I'm doing is wrong and I don't want to I don't want to listen to myself. So if you just tell me that I'm wrong, that will be enough for me to break my pattern there. And that is lately something that I've done a lot where I just tell people like, I need you to tell me this. And here's why. And I think that, you know, I'm going to extend that opportunity to our break room. If anyone hasn't heard from me in a while, it's probably because I'm I've, you know, put myself under a pile of work. And I am dreading the amazing inspiration and motivation that comes from the break room. So what I what I need is someone to say, Hey, Jay, come hang out with us. Or Hey, Jay, give yourself a break. Or just Hey, Jay, how's it going? I mean, even the unsaid things sound better when other people don't say them. Right. Yeah. And asking a question of, you know, hey, how's it going? Sometimes you can reply just with fine. But then as soon as somebody says, no, really, you're like, oh, let me sit and think about this, because clearly I'm not fine right now. And you can also, you know, have have code phrases, things that are easier to to say than, you know, I love the the bones, no bones kind of thing. Yeah. I mean, those are I have a we have I have an emoji code with my other co-host. There's another co-host. I know. I'm sorry. I hate to tell you this, Jay, but I have other podcasts. I know. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Forgive me. But if we are if Alex and I are scheduled to record or do something, anything together, we like to watch movies together, any of that. We have an emoji that's the little like mask, the scary looking red mask face. And that basically is a hey, this isn't going to work. I don't feel up to explaining why, but I'm OK. Everything's OK. We'll reschedule type of a thing. And I've started using something similar with my kid, just checking in on them, making sure they're OK, making sure that everything is good and peachy keen. And I know that it can be hard sometimes to put things into words. And so being able to make it work is the way you know, sometimes you just don't need you don't need words or you can't put words together. I love how our amazing chat is just sharing all of their affirmations. Their affirmations, their their codes for hey, ping me, hey, talk to me, hey, check with me. I love this, but I also love that we're able to be there for one another and say the things that, let's be honest, there are millions of books out there, but none of those books are our friends, except for the one that our friends are writing, which is super awesome. But still, like the idea that, you know, if a Simon Sinek tells me that I'm doing something wrong or a Cal Newport tells me I'm doing something wrong, my initial response is, you don't know me, you don't know my life. You're not my dad. Yeah. But when Kathy, you know, tells me, hey, that's probably not the best usage of your time at the moment. It just hits different. And that's why I think, you know, we say like using this to our advantage. I don't want us to look at it like we're using our friends to our advantage. But what we're doing is we're offering an opportunity for our friends to help us in a way that we've clearly defined. And to me, I feel like that's the best possible thing to do with friends is say, hey, I'm going to set like a clear definition of what I need. That way, if you feel like you can't do that, then we can go from there. But otherwise, I've addressed the exact needs that I need from my friend and we can work towards a solution there. And I think it's important to set these boundaries in place for any relationship that you have, not just a, hey, this is what I need from you, but also this is what I can provide in return. I mean, you don't have to sit at a long table with a contract and a lawyer, but I mean, okay, as long as it's not the Fifty Shades of Grey room, we should be fine. But being able to have fairly frank conversations with people and be able to say, look, you know, I really appreciate your friendship and this is what I need. And being able to really, you know, talk about things that could be really scary and hard to talk about, but it will make your friendship work a lot better too. If you don't feel like you're being a bother to a friend or that they are taking advantage of so many different pieces of you, like if you have the latent anger that, oh my gosh, so and so always comes and, you know, is always asking for my help. Well, then you're not going to want to help them. You know, you're going to have a level of, ugh, anytime they message you, if that's the only conversations you have is that they need something from you. But they probably don't know that. And so being able to say, hey, this is what I need from you in return is really good. And that's why we do conductor connections, because at the end of the day, what we're doing is we're creating a space where our friends can tell us what they're working on and hopefully give us, you know, a way that we can help be supportive of those things, even if it's just giving them that little extra accountability or just cheering them on with an emoji or two. That being said, I think we should probably get to our connections for this upcoming Fortnite. Yes, I have actually been thinking about this for a couple of days. I had this idea come and I'm going to shout out to the world. I'm going to take a full lunch hour, each workday, not at my desk. Now that hour can be spread across a couple of times or like a different timeframes in the day, just in case, you know, my schedule, however that works. But I'm going to be not sitting at my desk to eat my lunch. That is amazing. And I will say I've gotten better at that. But that gives me those same vibes of like me and my coffee routine of like setting that barrier of no, we're not going to do this. Instead, we're going to go do this thing that we know we need to do that's going to give us a break from the madness and really just make things a lot easier. I love that. Yes. Thank you. I love it too. That's why you picked it. It's yours. So I will, I'm going to give a disclaimer here. I'm going to implement the Peter Parker policy, which you know who that is. You know what that saying is. With great power comes great quotes about it. I am giving the break room permission to tell me to both play and focus. We'll figure out a way to officially do that. But you have to ping me because if I don't see a ping, I'm not going to do it. Basically you are getting like real quick. Do you have the roll, the ping roll in discord? Ping roll is enabled. Next to you. Okay, cool. Yeah. So I've given permission. I've consented to this. I will also say that my DMS are available. If you DM me, I will count it. But if you haven't heard from me, and the only reason I'm saying this is because I know that lately my time in the discord channel has been less. And it's just been because I've been like nose deep in like getting work and things done. So if anyone can tell me, hey, take a break, come hang out with us. And I promise I will do that if I can. Obviously, if you do this while I'm sleeping, I will just keep sleeping. Or if I'm with family, I'll let you know. Don't feel like you have to do this. I'm giving you the option to do it. And I'm in the Pacific time for those that want to know. If I get pinged to come hang out, then I will go hang out. If I have been hanging out for way too long, then I will be, you know, you can also tell me back to work and I will I will do it. And if you give me an emotional roller coaster of the two, it'll be funny the first time. But then after that, I will not be happy. Maybe limiting it like maybe like once a day ish. I don't know. You know what? This is you. You set your own boundaries. You don't need me to come in and tell you what your boundaries should be. We'll we'll do the within reason rule. There we go. There we go. That works. Every everything within reason with moderation, all of those great things. Yes, it seems like a recipe for chaos. But that being said, I've recognized that I can't trust myself to take these breaks. So I'm going to put it on my friends to insert a little bit of chaos into my life. Chaos can be good. And hey, speaking about our friends, here's some of their connections. Chintas are just as a reminder, our tire advocate of the show. Their connection for the next week is to prioritize the new starter on their team so that they have a good experience joining and can be effective as quick can be effective as quickly as possible. I love this concentration on the new starters, being able to really get in there and and give them the support that they I'm sure they need because I'm sure they're overwhelmed and nervous like anyone starting would be. And taking them under your wing is a really good thing. And friend of the show, Maddie, says next connection, I haven't reviewed any of my aims for personal projects. I'd like to change that. If I have 10 minutes with each, I'll be happy. I like it. Yes. And our cube of the show, Justin next fortnight will hopefully make more progress on job interviews, currently waiting for them to get back to me. But I hope I have some news by then. That is the worst. I hate waiting. I hate the unknown. I hate not being able to do any of that planning for it. So, Justin, we're here for you. Let's get some more chaos in the world. Shall we wait? No, not to Justin. I'm just kidding. Wait, what? Justin always brings chaos wherever he goes. And I just gave him carte blanche to bring more chaos. And I regret everything. Oh, OK. Our our Kate tastically Kate artists of the show says there's a deadline afoot, Wednesday or Thursday. And working on that has been a real challenge. I'm exhausted, but trying to be kind to myself, especially as it's not a major deadline. Great use of the deadlines there. My plan is to continue to be kind to myself, do some work, but make sure to spend time on themselves. That is so good. Especially since you have been so your schedule has been so full. You've been so overwhelmed lately. It's OK to take that break, which, you know, since you just put it in the thing, but we're giving you permission, additional permission, especially since, as you said, this is not a major deadline. So that's great. You can do it. And you know who else can do it? Our favorite blue dragon of the show. Their next connection is over the last week. They were quarantined, which caused a lot of their systems and habits to be broken. So the connection for the next fortnight is to rebuild. Love that. I'm glad you are back in the pattern and know where your systems broke and are able to kind of get them rebuilt. Also, I heard that they're working on some branding stuff for themselves and I want them to I want them to talk to me about it. That's my friend and hey, you know, you can access them in this great place called the Discord. Go to relay.fm slash discord. No, that's not the link. Relay.fm slash conduit. This is going great. It's going great. Let's move on to the next. Our slot of the show on Canoe says next fortnight, I've let several aspects of my theme. Year of the Kappa. I want to know. Oh, back at the top of the year of rhythm slide in the last few weeks. Time to refocus on moving forward with its principles. I want to know more about year of the Kappa. Is that what it means back to the top or like, I don't know. Anyway, I like it. Let's let's let's move on. All right, moving on to our new conductor again, Robert. Next fortnight, they are preparing themselves for job interviews as well and making sure that they're organized in their calendar so they know where they're going each day and finalizing the wedding venue. I'm so excited. Can't wait to hear more. I love weddings. They make me so happy. I'm so excited for you and I can't wait to hear more about the venue, but not being creepy because I'm doing really good today. Jay, this is great. You're doing great. You're doing you're doing great. I'm saying it because it sounds better when I say it right. Oracle of the show. So says that they have to write the introduction and conclusion over the next month. Here's hoping they can write it in time for the next conduit. I love it and I want to know more and we'll have to do that in our post show antics. But last one, last one, last one, because we missed the real Z put the their connection check in the chat and we missed it. So sorry, but their next connection for the next fortnight is to get that list of side projects back on track, mostly stay on schedule and keep working on the dissertation and the little game. Once again, now that Kate is done with their dissertation, rails can do theirs because one dissertation at a time, except not really. I'm just kidding. One dissertation, one novel or book, one video, one blog post about the tire method. All of these things, all of them. Well, you know, this has been great and thank you, Kathy, for being the person that I go to when I have an idea, but it's smarter if you say it. But I also want to thank timing for sponsoring this show. But but Kathy, did we did we can do it? Well, we can did something and I think we can did an episode of conduit.