---
description: "Space: The final frontier.\r\nThese are the voyages of the Starship
  Conduit\r\nIts continuing mission: to explore strange new productivity systems.\r\n\r\nJoin
  Kathy and Jay as they discuss space and the environment you work in."
pub_date: February 24th, 2022
title: '17: Space, and Related Subjects, For Your Productivity'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/17
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we condue our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that helps give you space and related subjects for your productivity. This episode is brought to you by Dev and Think. I'm Kathy and I want to introduce the amazingness that is the J-Man. The J-Man, is that like a off-budget superhero? It is a very on-budget superhero because you come and save the day. Awesome. I am happy here. I come to save the podca- okay, no, let's just keep going. All right, we're going to start out. We're going to start out with some shout outs and I, first off, want to give a great shout out to the incredible people that have joined the Discord and been brave enough to put an introduction that mentions Conduit. Seeing this show that we do as a tag in the introductions, it just blows my mind that people are listening. Hi, we love you. I love you too. But also that they're here to hang out with us. So we appreciate every bit of that. And if you are coming to the Conduit or if you're a listener of Conduit and in the Discord and nervous to like get out there, maybe you're just reading or following along, you can do this. Even if you just hang out, just in introduction, say, Hi, I'm so-and-so and then do Conduit, we'll come, we'll glomp on and give you all the love and support that you might need to kind of relax and hang out with these cool people. Yeah, it's super awesome to see that there are folks out there that are getting brought into the madness that is our community. And I love the fact that just seeing the icon in our Relay FM Discord makes people go, one of us, one of us. Our inner like tribal urges come out to just like, yes, yes, yes, we love this person. It's true. It's true. All right, Jay, what about you? What's your shout out? Well, speaking of people doing amazing things, I have a shout out for a colleague of mine that goes by the name of Brittany Joiner. She is amazing. I found out about her when I got to help her with the conference talk for an event that I was helping to run. And somehow we I went to, I tried to let her know that her video was now on YouTube. And I was trying to find the link to the video because Jay made a mistake in that process. And when I did, I came across her YouTube channel and her YouTube channel had tons of videos about productivity and things like that. And I was like, how have I never seen this before? And we started talking and there was a lot of productivity discussion and stuff. So I want the Conduit community to go hang out. There's going to be a link in the show notes to go give a subscribe, a thumbs up, a like, all that stuff. Ring the bell, all the YouTube things that we don't have to worry about because she's still putting out videos regularly. I think she put out like three or four videos last week. So be sure to go give her the same Conduit love and support that you give us every other week. I am so excited. I'm super excited to hear because let's move on to the connection check. Nice. Jay, what's what? How did your connection do? So I did the thing that you probably don't do and that's give people on the internet permission to ping you whenever they can. And no, not many people took me up on the offer that that's OK. Because it revealed a lot of things. One, people are busy. People are respectful and people want you to have healthy boundaries set up. And I love the fact that our community is one, you can trust them with that kind of power and know that it's not going to be abused. But also the fact that when you try to to nag and plead for them to bother you, they're just like, no, I will stand firm on this. I will. This is the mountain I will die on. And I will just make sure I will I will defend your privacy, your time, your energy, your tire. I will defend your entire tire all the way until the end. So it was a check in that I didn't really have to do anything, but it was also a bigger check in that I found that the community that we work with is absolutely amazing. I mean, this is no surprise whatsoever. Um, I it's been it's been an interesting fortnight. I had some heightened anxiety last week, which was really interesting, especially because it turns out that it was connected to medication. So we've got that a little bit more stabilized, but it was really nice being able to just hang out in the discord and read things and know that it was kind of a safe place to be present, that I could be involved without feeling like I needed to have conversations because I just am like, let me let me let the break room flow over me. Let me let the discord flow over me in a way that was really helpful. So thanks everyone. And we didn't mention this at the at the top, but if you want to become a member of this amazing community that we keep talking about, you can do so by becoming a member at relay.fm slash conduit. And from there you get access to the discord, you get access to all the love and energy and good vibes that this community gives on such a regular basis. Absolutely. And speaking of good vibes, my connection was to take a full lunch hour each workday away from the desk. And let me tell you, this is something that I'm going to be continuing more than just this fortnight. Today is the only day that I didn't get a full hour. And that's because I had to come and get ready for conduit. So it was worth it. Basically taking time, I hung out in my hammock and I ate lunch. And then the trick here that I learned was when I'm done eating, I don't immediately go back to work. Yeah, I stayed that full time to really take a break, take a moment. This was super helpful when I was having those anxiety periods and like just couldn't I could not even as we say. And I am really hopeful that this is something that I will be able to continue to do because I saw such a huge benefit in how it helped the latter part of my day. I can't wait to talk about more about different spaces and environments. Yeah, but that's for the future. So instead, let's check in with our conductors connections. You want to start Jay? Yes. And might I add, there are so many connections and we promise we would read them all. And that is because you love your connections and we love you. But we're going to start with Skye connection check. While some of my habits are being rebuilt, I'm back on track. Yay. And mostly recovered from my last quarantine week. Let's first say, Skye, I'm glad that you're feeling better. That is also kind of a big deal. But I'm also glad that you're in the process of rebuilding those habits and getting things back on track. Absolutely. All right, team desk, the tire advocate of the show, their connection check says, green checkmark. Okay, I need to take a pause here real quick and just say how much I love the different emoji use. We don't have an official like green, yellow, red emoji. And that makes me super happy. So you keep doing whatever like shape you want your color to be. It's really fun to see kind of what is picked. Okay, so Chinta says, green checkmark. I realized that I really need the new starter on my team to answer whether I spent enough time with them. However, I think it went well overall and that they're actually starting real work this week. That on ramp to a new job is so stressful and having someone it sounds like you have been there to support them in an incredible way that I hope they really appreciate it. And so I can't wait to please share with us that you when you find out what they have replied and how that helped because I can just imagine that a long, supportive onboarding process is super helpful. Next up is our sloth of the show, Onkhanu. They said, I've finally pulled together some of the structure to help get back into my theme rhythm, but a trip to the ER, oh no, and an unrelated trip out of town. That's all. That's good. Thank you for the unrelated part. Yes, thank you. Put a bit of a crimp on my theme activities. All the same, I'm in a better position to move forward than I was. Exactly. This wasn't a step back. This was a step to the side a little bit. And if you know any good dance songs, a step to the side always comes back with a step in the other direction. So you got this. Also, I want to say that it's a good thing I wasn't the one reading Onkhanu's connection check because my brain put together crimp and theme to say crime. And I was very concerned as to what a trip to the ER and an unrelated trip out of town had to do with crime and also why you were putting it on the internet if you were doing a crime. I had to see a man about a connection. Exactly. All right. Next up, we have a friend of the show, Maddie. Connection check. Three green circles. Wahoo. Their connection was to review her aims for personal projects. So she feels like she has direction again and she con did it and did it almost immediately. She went through all of her projects and came up with a direction for each and feels so full of hope again. This is amazing. I'm so happy for you. You deserve all of the best and the goodness. And I am excited to see where this hope comes in the future. Next, we have our hello of the show. Connection check. Red circle. Oh no. For the reason I have not really had one. Been in quite a rut for January and most of February. But hoping I'm to come out of that now. Friday, met up with some work friends. Most who I haven't seen in almost two years. And it felt so normal. It filled me with hope for the future. Also getting to see their dad on Wednesday for the first time since May. So almost in a year. And beyond excited about that. These two things have helped me and made me rethink the important things in life. Aka friends and family. And obviously the most important of that is my wife to be. Hello, hello of the show. That is amazing. And I love that even though you give this a red circle, I would give you a red, orange and green circle because you did a lot of things. A lot of things happened. But at the end of the day, it all came out better. And we all came out better in the end for it. And that's why we do this. Is not only to learn a little bit about ourselves, but to learn with one another, to empathize and commiserate with one another and to show that even when life sucks a little bit, we can still do it. Heck to the yeah. I agree. 100%. You got this. And the future is going to be helpful for lots of people. I'm so excited. Including for Soph, our Oracle of the show, who's got the yellow circle. I've written most of the introduction to my book, but I still, but it still needs some editing to finish. Hoping to get it done in time for conduit, but if not very soon after. Now I'm fairly certain that I saw a little note that said the introduction was finished, which is super exciting because you got it done. So can we change this to a green circle instead of yellow? Because I think you con did it. So well done. You. Yeah, you did. Friend of the show down under connection check green heart heart squad. Now we're going to have circle squads, heart squads. It's been a while, but I'm getting stuck into work and really enjoying it so far. The last few weeks, I've also been able to finish a craft project, which is also nice. There we go. I love it because you're getting some of that time back and the transition period is starting to become the normalcy period, which means that it's time to think about a bunch of stuff and rethink a bunch of stuff. And life's all about rethinking things, isn't it? So fricking Lutely connection check, been doing pretty good at working, but being kind to myself, though I had to postpone a trip to this upcoming weekend due to the storms and haven't got as much work done as I would have liked as I've been having difficulty focusing on it. That believe me, totally understand, especially with those incredible storms and that really stressful, uh, Hey, I hope I don't, you know, get swept away by the wind. Um, I'm so proud of you at being kind to yourself. That is, um, obviously really difficult. And I love the fact that you recognize, Oh, you didn't get as much work done as you wanted to, but you also saw that reason. So I'm so proud of you. And I think this next week is going to be pretty positive for you. And our cube of the show. Oh no. Green check for the jobby job stuff. Made the interview progress feeling good. Uh, yes, I, I am glad to hear it. And I'm glad to hear that things are continuing to progress and that you're feeling good about the situation. So way to go. And as always, you conduit heck to the app. You know what else you can do? You can't con hang out because this episode of conduit is brought to you by Devon. Think the flagship product from Devon technologies. Devon Think is the most professional document and information management application for the Mac. It's the one place for storing all your documents, snippets, or bookmarks and working with them. The integrated AI assist you with filing and searching while the extensive search language with advanced Boolean operators. Uh, Devon Think features a flexible sync system that supports many cloud services or lets you synchronize over the local network too, with everything securely encrypted. This gives you the choice for however syncing works best for you. It has smart rules and flexible reminders that let you automate all parts of your workflow and delegate boring repeating tasks. Let Devon Think automatically organize your data with rules that you define. Devon Think's Apple script dictionary is one of the largest on the Mac. There's no part of Devon Think that can't be automated. Extend Devon Think's functionality with your own commands by adding them to its script menu directly. Even templates can have scripts inside and you can set up new documents with data from placeholders or inserted in inserted by your own Apple script code. And of course there's so much more from an iOS companion app to email archiving scanning or even an embedded web server for sharing your data securely with your team. So I love that the last two sponsors that we've had have been ones that I use and I use regularly and are very pertinent to what I'm doing at the moment. So this past week I did my taxes. Yes, Icon did it. And what made doing my taxes easier than the nightmare fuel that they usually are was the fact that I had all of the documents that I needed collected in Devon Think. And quite literally, they would come in the mail, I would take a picture and then upload it to Devon Think using the Devon Think to Go app. Or if they came in by email, I would bring them in and then convert the PDF so that you could actually search for the text. So then I just had to search for 10 whatever whatever or line for C on my W2 and have the information that I was looking for quickly and easily. And if for some strange reason down the road, people say, hey, we need that W2 from 2022. I can go bet because it is in Devon Think. They're nice and safe and sound. Well, except not yet, because the W2 from 2022 will be next year. I'm a time traveler. Okay, it's fine. It's all good. It's great. So you can get 10% off Devon Think 3 or upgrade to it right now. Just go to www.devontechnologies.com slash conduit. That's devontechnologies.com slash conduit for 10% off. And I highly recommend you visit that link just to check out the fantastic website that they set up for us. It's very pretty. We appreciate it so much. And our thanks to Devon Technologies for their support of this show and all of Relay FM. Thanks. Okay, so our topic is space. Space. And environment. And so the reason that this topic came up is that starting tomorrow, I have started a membership with a co-working space. I've realized that over the past two years of this panorama, that I am really missing the opportunity to leave my house to go and work. I used to go when I was feeling the itch or antsy or anything, I would go to a coffee shop or a pub or something and hang out just for a couple hours, get some really focused work done and be able to come back and just like feel lighter overall. Obviously, I personally don't really feel comfortable doing that as much anymore. I've done it a couple times when I've met with friends and clients. We've gone and gotten some work done specifically, but I don't feel like it didn't feel right to do it by myself necessarily. And I found a very cute little co-working place that is run by someone who also runs a nonprofit that helps homeless teens, which I'm like, yep, take my money. It's a cute little house, like just a house. So it's a couple bedrooms, one bath, kitchen, everything. It's dog friendly. It's got a porch and they're very strong for the mask thing. So there's signs all over and all of their guidelines and stuff are like, hey, please wear a mask unless you are the only one in one of the offices with the door closed. So even if I used the boardroom space to have a meeting and there was one other person in there, we'd be wearing our masks, which really was super helpful for my anxiety and soothing my brain a little bit to try and make this as safe as possible. The great part is this is like, it's a month to month option and I just have the up to two days a week, which is more than enough for me. It's very inexpensive, especially for the free coffee and tea that is included, but also the space and comfy chairs and hopefully people will bring their dogs and I get to have some puppy time. That will be super helpful. But it really helped solidify, I start tomorrow. So we're recording this on 2, 22, 22, Tuesday, the 22nd of February and I start tomorrow. So when this episode comes out, it will be yesterday. So feel free to check in and see how it went. But I'm really excited. So this idea that the space that you are in is really important and also how it can affect your mood and your productivity. So that's kind of what we wanted to talk about today. So for me, the biggest thing that I picked up on was space can be a very personal thing, but environment is the part of space that we don't control. You have the two that have to be in some form of balance for you to get things accomplished. You can have your own personal space and then if your environment isn't conducive to getting work done, it doesn't work. Also, you can be in the most serene, supportive space or supportive environment. But if you're having to adjust to the space that you're in personally, you're still not going to get work done. So what you kind of have to have is that balance of both of those things where it's like, I'm comfortable being in this position. And you talked about that with like, hey, I have certain rules for if I'm working in a space, everyone needs to be masked, everything needs to be supportive. It's great if there's doggos running around. It's great if there's coffee and tea. But also, I know that I have all of those things at my house. But at the moment, the environment for whatever reasons is preventing me from getting things done. So I have to seek a new environment where that space can continue to thrive. And I can still continue to accomplish stuff. Absolutely. Especially with the home situation, yesterday there was no school. So my kid was home, coming in and out, hanging out, asking questions, all those types of things. And it's difficult when there's a bunch of distractions and being able to really sit back and say, I know that I need to get stuff done. I know that there's some deadlines that I'm missing and not having any external distractions can be really helpful. Except for the fact that I'm still stuck with my internal ones, but that's fine because it's fine. We'll deal with it. But not having to, my husband not asking for his water refilled, these are all things that I will prep before I go to have that foundation of care needed for him. All of these stages in order to leave means that I am taking care of myself and taking care of others in a way that will let me be the best version of myself. And so I'm going to start with one day a week, probably on Wednesdays and just kind of see how it goes. So I'm excited to, I don't know, try restaurants, eat food that I didn't make and are from different restaurants because it's in a different town and visiting places because there's a bunch of food trucks over there and just kind of trying different things because I'll be there in the middle of the day. So of course, I deserve a lunch. It's not quite the gray method of weekend Wednesdays, but I think it's going to work for me. Just kind of a refreshing moment. And the challenge that I've always had with co-working spaces is the everything is right, but it's still wrong. Like, are you kind of worried about that at all? Like they've done everything they can. This is just not a space that I can do my best unicorning around. I can't graze like I normally graze here. The grass is different. I think it's going to be because it's not every day and because it has, there's not very many there's not a ton of people that are there and it's not a cubicle space. So there's like four different really comfy chairs and a couch as well as desks. So I can kind of find out what will work best for me. And again, because it's not, I have no contract, there's no, you know, six month obligation or whatever. If I find out that it's not working for me, okay, that's fine. Like there's no harm lost. But having like by scheduling this one day a week, like I even put it in my calendar. So I'm not having any meetings during those days either. So it's just work that I'm doing myself that I can do on my laptop. I'll have my iPad for a sidecar and just kind of get specific things done and out of the way that are not distracting me. I think will be potentially really helpful. It's something that I had done very un, like not regulated a lot before the pandemic by taking a day that I knew stuff wasn't happening. And so I would just leave and go somewhere else. And so I'm hopeful that by having this, so that there's no surprises, my kid knows that I'll be taking them to school on Wednesdays, which means I'm getting out of the house at a specific time and that I'll be home in time to be able to take them to dance. Like having this structure of the day, I think will be really beneficial. And it's something that I'm really happy that I can try. So we'll see how it goes. Yeah. I love that you've given yourself co-working space tasks. That to me is the key to this whole thing. And I'd love to talk about some of the things that I do in different spaces and different environments, because I feel that same energy and that, like you said, you don't want to be taking a bunch of calls when you're in a co-working space, because that not only affects what you're able to get done, but it affects maybe what people around you were able to get done. But for me, that even becomes a matter of what I do when I do it. And it doesn't always make sense. Those that know me know that I write some code from time to time and I write my best code away from my desk. And it's weird because I don't write code every day. That's not a thing that I do every day. Some days I work on talks. Some days I do events and things like that. But if I have to build a thing and get it running, I'm probably going to be in the living room while Bluey, shout out to Bluey and all the people that make Bluey, is entertaining my daughter. And then I'm just sitting there with an editor writing code and doing things with all the stuff happening around me. And when I am working on a presentation, I need to be headphones on at my desk between this hour and this hour, coffee at the ready, ready to go. And one of the things that happened in the recent shakeup was my wife, when we made the transition into her being a stay at home parent, which we worked from home, so no longer working from home parents, I guess, the office got a lot quieter. And that change in environment changed how I was able to work. And I think before I was able to write code in here because I had my wife's phone ringing and her answering the phone and kind of that background noise happening. But now I have to go seek it out. And I think that that's something that I hope that other people can kind of take away from is, you know, we've had a couple of folks that have connections and things that are more of, I'm in this transition period. And if there are things that you're having to transition out of, think about what worked before and how you adjust to make it work for you in this new situation. And maybe that means getting out of your space and going into a new environment where your space is going to be more conducive. Yeah. And if you can't necessarily leave the space you're in, trying to find a way to tweak the environment that you are able to work at. So maybe put on different musics, maybe even like putting it out of a different location. So playing it on an echo device or on your phone and putting your phone somewhere else. So like the sound is coming from a different location. So kind of your spatial awareness is a little bit different or a different type of music that can kind of release a little bit of your brain in a way that will let you relax and change up that environment wearing different clothing, sitting in a different chair, burning a different candle than you normally would or like spraying a scent, something to kind of just trick the senses a little bit to refresh your space can be really helpful. And all of these tips and tricks or whatever, they're all stuff that you would read, top 10 ways to tweak your environment, to be more productive. That's not what this is, but like it's more of a, hey, here's some options to try if you need to try and shake things up because we all know brains are special. And then the last thing that I really wanted to talk about was what are you taking with you to this space? Because I know for me, if I need to get work done, I have a totem. And I don't know for those that have watched the movie Inception, where each person is supposed to have a totem, that totem is theirs, they know all the things about their totem and only they know about them. But having something that puts you or puts your brain into, okay, it's time to get this done mode is really key because again, there are going to be so many distractions, there are going to be so many things. And sometimes it's not the space, it's not the environment, but it's the mindset that you're in inside of that given space or inside of that environment. And I will tell people for me, all I can tell you is my totem is an ink blotter. I can't tell you anything else about that because you will mess up my totem. And I have not seen more than I think, five minutes of Inception. I know, but I know all about the totems because I listen to the great show. Oh my gosh. The great show Dubai Friday with my co-host from another show, Alex Cox, hangs out with Merlin Mann. They talk about all sorts of random things, but they also have a challenge that they do. And one week was to talk about a totem. So that's how I learned what totems were. And so I don't have one myself. I have a variety of things that live on my desk that I could probably claim as a totem. And I think right now I'm going to claim my corgi butt AirPods case, just because it's so cute. I had a feeling corgi butts would come into the conversation at some point. I didn't know why, because it seems like kind of a weird topic, but that's the second time in this podcast history that we've referenced corgi butts. I just want someone to keep track of that. They're very cute and they make me happy. And so ultimate goals is to have one of my co-working coworkers have a corgi to swing by so I can fluff the butt and enjoy that in a non-weird way. I don't know how that's not a weird way to do that. Because I can guarantee that corgi owners know all about their butts. Like that's a thing. I know we have a lot of corgi owners in the discord and so they can tell me all about how much they love their corgi butt, as well as how much other people love them. Because they're so fluffy. It's so cute. I feel like we've done a thing now where there will be more corgi butts than I am comfortable with. But if corgi butts are totally your thing, bring them into your space. Bring them into your environment. Let them shake as now my discord chat has done. And I can't move over to hide the gif of it happening. So Kathy, come reel it in. Kathy Reel it in. All right. We're going to reel it in and let's talk about our connections for the next Fortnite. Jay, what is your connection? I don't know now, but I feel like corgi butts are involved. Get more corgi butts in your life. You've broken me. Not like you broke the spreadsheet though. Oh, not like I broke the spreadsheet. Let's see. My connection is going to be to make a remote space bag. And the reason being folks next month, I'm going to be traveling a lot. I'm going to be traveling more than I thought I would be. And because of that, there are going to be weeks where I'm not going to be in my current space or environment. And I really need to figure out what that looks like in terms of my productivity and how I'm getting things accomplished. And I don't fully know. I know where I'm staying. I don't know what that place really looks like, but I know that there will be enough space that I can have a little setup where I can work and do things and maybe even record if I have to. But ultimately I need to have a remote version of this is mine and this is what I'm doing. So my goal is before the next Fortnite, which will be one week before I leave for my travels, I will already have an idea of what my remote space kit looks like. That's really wonderful. I think that my connection is going to be an easy one because a lot of stuff coming in and it's going to be a successfully work at my coworking space. How about that? I like that. Your goal has to be to pet at least one doggo. Okay. So I'm having to fluff one corgi, but like, well, I don't want to put restrictions on that because I'm not really sure how many corgis live in the general area. But pet one new doggo, I think is a good guess, a good connection. Okay. I like that. And yeah, this is your show. You do the thing. Okay. Let's hear our connections from our conductors for the next Fortnite, Jay, who's first up? All right. Sky says over the next two weeks, they want to make a list of active projects and ideas in order to allow themselves to stop worrying about the ideas they know they don't have time for. Yes. Yes. 100% this brain dump it. I love brain dumps as much as Kathy likes corgi butts. I like brain dumps. So you can do this. I love brain dumps. I love brain dumps. I love brain dumps. You can do this. Heck to the yeah. All right. Chintas next connection, sleep. Over the weekend, they had one of the best night's sleep that they've had in a long while. And it reminded them of its importance. They're attempting to ensure that they try to keep it. Wow. Sleep is important. Holy cow. Yes. Uh, when I was having that same anxiety issues, my sleep was also really janky and, uh, melatonin started giving me a hangover in the next morning. So I agree. Sleep is very good. And you should all do more of it. You can snooze it. Oh, um, sloth of the show. Onkhanous says, uh, plan for the next fortnight is to ease back into fitness routine building, uh, pay close attention to what their body tells them and exercise at least eight of the next 14 days with a variety of exercises. Uh, you can fit it. No, no, no, they can do it though. Yeah. You can't do it though. Yeah. All right. The fancy music boy of the show, Ryan says this fortnight, their connection is to do stuff that will help his brain because he's ignored how bad his mental illness has become. And now it's affecting his ability to do the job, which wouldn't, shouldn't be high stress and other things he enjoys. Okay. So first off, your job can be high stress just because it, maybe you think it shouldn't be high stress doesn't mean that it's not valid, that it is giving you a lot of stress right now. Um, so make sure that you give yourself a little bit of forgiveness, especially while, while, while dealing with, um, mental health joys. It's not high stress, but it's obviously stressing you out. And so therefore it is stress. Yeah. Job is job. Job is stressful. It's okay. It's okay to be stressed and it's okay to work past it. Uh, and so I'm really proud of you for recognizing that and you can do good things. Friend of the show, Maddie says, I need to get through this month's gardening list. I've been putting it off, but doing things well now means success later in veggie season. You can prune it. Nice. That one I will give you. I can't wait to see all of the delicious veggies that are coming down the way you can grow it. Uh, all right. John Bo, the hello of the show, uh, says, you know, their next connection is going to be all about getting wedding ready. Um, gonna see their dad, go through and think about the important things of life. And I, this list of fun things that you're doing this weekend is making me super excited for you. So Saturday, I'm going to see the tartan you want for the kilts. Love that Sunday wedding fair. Uh, luckily at the venue, Oh, at the venue that you are going to have your wedding at. That is incredible. Getting to see the layout and stuff. That's so much fun. And then Monday afternoon, it's a menu tasting to pick out the menu. I love tastings. These things are so good. I hope I can't wait to hear about, uh, the food that you pick, how the venue looks, what tartan you pick, like all of these things. I love wedding planning. I don't actually ever want to plan a wedding again, and I don't want to be like an official wedding planner, but I want to hear all of the tips. So all of the things that you've done. So have fun. Don't sign up for any MLMs at the fair. Um, but see what goodies you can get from the vendors. Uh, and hopefully you'll find all the good things. Jumbo. I'm so excited to say you can, I do it. Uh, moving on Oracle of the show. So, uh, next connection, they want to finish the introduction and write the conclusion. I've heard that they're halfway there, uh, which they hope will be shorter and a bit less exhausting. And then there's just editing to go. I don't have one for this. I'm sorry. Um, so disappointed. You only have them for me, like the connections that I give me time to All right. That's fine. I got one. I got one. I got one. I got one. You can review it. Oh, nice. Nice. Well done. Well done. All right. Friend of the show down under their connection is next neck. Their housemate is coming back this week after being away since before Christmas. So she needs to get used to living in a house with another person again. Yeah. Especially because since Christmas, that's a long time. That's two months that they've, that you've had the house to yourself. And also it's a new house. So like best of luck there, Ellen, because you, what, what, what can she do? Jay, you can blew it. Oh, nice. Our all of the show, Kate says they have a rough layout and model for the building, uh, for their design project and need to focus in on the design from the urban scale and figure out what need, what is needed and how it's arranged. Um, any, any, any good ones on this one? I mean, you can design it. No, that's not, that's no, no need to have a rough, rough, you can, you can make sure that all of your designs are con grew it. Oh my gosh. That's almost worse. You can't drew it. How do we miss it? Tony coming in clutch in the chat. You can't drew it. Absolutely. That's amazing. I love it. All right. Last connection for this fortnight comes from our cube of the show, Justin. Uh, next connection, I guess more jobby job stuff. They don't really have anything else going on. Well, that sounds not true. You've got more cubes to make. I mean, saying you can cube it is dangerous. So I'm just going to say you can do it. Yeah. Cause he will like cube anything. Yeah. And records to buy. Absolutely. Perfect. All right. Well, that is all of the connections for this episode. If you would like to share your connection check or your fortnight's connection for the next episode, you can always tweet us with the hashtag my conduit or in the relay discord anywhere in the follow up channel. If you do the conduit, uh, logo and then type your information or do a question mark, my conduit, it'll get input into our magical spreadsheet. As long as Jay does not break anything. I feel like you keep bringing this up. So I'm going to just keep saying corgi butts. Okay. Cool. I'm fine with that. Uh, and uh, so Jay, I have one more question for you. Um, but before you ask it, thank you to Devon technologies and Devon. Thank you for sponsoring our wonderful show. Absolutely. We're so thankful for the sponsors and for our audience, uh, every moment. So Jay, what do you think that we con did it? No, I did that wrong. Oh my gosh. Okay. This is why Jay's in charge at times. Jay, did we con do it? Corgi butts and we con did it. Oh my goodness. We con did it.