---
description: Do you have a grip on productivity? Are you worried that external factors
  could disrupt what you’re doing at any second? Time to put things in a VICE!
pub_date: March 10th, 2022
title: "18: Putting External Factors in a VICE Grip \U0001F5DC"
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/18
---

Not live, fake live. Not live, but yes. Not live, fake live. Fake live. Oh, maybe we could include like this laughing sort of kind of pre-show in the show. I really thought about that with us not being able to record live because Discord is down, of just like adding on a little bit of raw realness to give like people who have thought about becoming a member a little bit of a taste. But now that I've said it out loud, if this does stay in the show, people will know my plans. Well, I hate to tell you this, Jay, but people would probably always know the plan because we'll tell them. We're not secret keepers. We're out here given the full truth. And part of that full truth is the fact that, hey, we have kind of a pre and post show in this show where we hang out with the live chat in the Discord, where we will confirm and clarify people's of the show titles if they are listeners, if they are conductors. And we've seen that they have a connection check coming in. And so I'm sad that we can't ask our new conductor, but spoiler for the future of the show, we can't ask our new conductor what of the show title they want because Discord isn't here. So I can't see if they're in the Discord to answer us. So make sure you become a member of the show. That's the first step. That's the very first step. Secondly, join the Relay FM Switch On Discord server. And third, set a calendar event for every second Tuesday or actually I'm taking that back. Set your pings, like turn on announcement pings so you get alerted when Conduit is live. Additionally, hang out in hashtag break room where we will tell you that Conduit is live and remind you to do your connection checks. Break room, the official channel of Conduit. Take that, you system and themes people. I'm kidding. No, Jay, we're happy and positive and uplifting and supportive here. Thank you. Well, we're going to be talking about a challenging topic, but I'm going to bring the motivation and the vibe. So, yeah, folks that are hearing this for the first time, welcome. And hopefully you'll hear more things like these and a little bit more interaction with our other conductors in our live shows that we do. But in order to do that, you got to become a member, which we'll talk about how to do that in just a second. But Kathy, you ready to do a show? Let's do a show. I forgot how the intro goes. It's literally written down. Do we say from Relay FM? Do we just say welcome? No, because that's in the pre-recorded thing. So what will happen is right now, Javier will enter in our fantastic intro music and our intro wording and then we'll bleed into you saying the intro. Yeah. From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we condue our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that will handle all external impacts. This episode is brought to you by Devon Think. I am Jay. And with me as always is the amazing, the unicorn-tacular, the glittering, gliding goddess of the TikToks, the one Kathy Campbell. I don't know how I'm supposed to live up to that title, but I will do my best. You have to. Starting with the reason for external is because I can't speak. That's okay. Auto-correct tried to save you and he was thwarted. Where is the auto-correct for vocalizations? That's what I want to know. Oh no. Shout out. Kathy, you go first. So the reason that my wording is really like extra, extra great because I'm a professional podcaster, so I know how to speak words. But I'm exhausted today because shout out to Mitski, the musical artist, but also to Tony's dog, who is very cute. Highly, highly recommend checking out Tony's dog. But Mitski, the artist, had a concert last night and this was a Christmas present for my kiddo and I. And it was wonderful to go into Portland. Everyone, like there were multiple reminders from Mitski audit, auditorily saying, hey, keep your masks on. We can see you singing along. We get it. Keep your masks on. Protect everyone else. And then also you had to show your vaccination proof to get in with ID. So like it wasn't just flash a card. They like matched names and things. And so even though there was a lot more people in a small space than I have been in for a long time, my anxiety was fairly low. And then it didn't hurt that it was an incredible show. The opening act was this band called Chai, who are these four Japanese women. And there was so much energy. So it's a set of twins and then two other women who they came out in like these tent like ponchos. And then you take off the ponchos and they had like these huge like baby doll dresses with pajama pants underneath. And they had pigtails and the dance moves and things were freaking incredible. They're like bouncing around like their dance talent was not very high, but they made up for it with freaking enthusiasm. And so I'm very tired because we didn't get home until late and lots of screaming, but the energy is good. Energy is all the happy vibes, all the love for everyone. Yeah, that's my shout out. What about you Jay? Who are you going to shout out? At least you'll only have to scream one more time when we do our connection check. But my shout out is to Chinthas. They asked via our Discord, the Relay FM, switch on Discord, that they asked if there was like any type of post on the Tire Method that we talk about every episode because it's so cool and so awesome and super helpful. Hey Jay, what's the Tire Method? The Tire Method is how we make decisions. You know what, instead of me telling you, why don't you go to my website, which there'll be a link in the show notes for that, that will take you and tell you what the Tire Method is so that you can go there and you can read it for yourself, Kathy. Okay. No, thank you so much Chinthas for asking and not even being very pressuring about it, just being like, hey, I wanted to share this with somebody, so awesome. Thank you for sharing it with people. And then proofreading my original post and being like, oh, this is amazing. And I love the Tire Method even more now that you've actually explained it kind of more in detail. So if you, like most of us, need to check our time, our energy, our intuition and our resources very much, if you need a Tire Gauge, then click the link in the show notes and you can read the blog post that I wrote thanks to Chinthas. I mean, there's a reason that they're of the show name is Tire Advocate of the show, and they really lived up to that. And we appreciate you because my asking Jay wasn't working. So, and of course I knew that my tire pressure was so low for me creating a blog and writing a blog post and then sharing that blog post that clearly Jay was the far better choice to do this right up. And for the record, I did the minimum. Which is a hundred steps more than my maximum. So you're doing great. I wrote the outline. I threw words on the outline. I think there are even still some outline points there. Like that's hella impressive. Just saying. Okay. You got another shout out? I do. So a couple of weeks ago, we, as a dance studio, my kid and the rest of the dancers, who I claim as my own, whether they want me to be their mom or not, we had a really, really long day at a dance competition and it was very difficult. There was a lot of entries in all of the levels. And my kid had a solo that they competed against with 10 other dancers. And they got first place and not like, obviously I think they deserve it, but it's wonderful to see the judges think so too. And they actually got first place by more than two points out of 40. The second place was almost two full points below, which was really impressive. I'm so proud of them. But I wanted to give a shout out to the dancers that I don't know what studio they're at. Obviously they're not listening. It doesn't matter, but I'm going to give them a shout out anyways. They saw one of the dance moms walking back from the bathroom and had our studio name on it, on their shirt. And they were like, oh my gosh, oh my gosh, oh my gosh. You're with the dancer who took off their skirt and like smeared their makeup. We loved that dance, give them all our love and support type of a interaction. And I was just like, that felt so awesome that somebody loved what my kid did enough to tell somebody else to tell my kid. So shout out to those dancers, mad props for your sportsmanship and your amazingness. And I love you wherever you are because I love a lot of people, so it's fine. Nice. That's so awesome to hear that, you know, even like competitions are great, but community is greater. The fact that even though, you know, they probably didn't get the outcome that they wanted, they were still aware enough to focus their energy on, hey, that was awesome. Like, let's acknowledge that that was awesome. Yeah. And it's a good reminder for the world in general that, hey, there's enough competition and hate in the world as a whole. And it's okay to support somebody that did, like to be able to recognize somebody did a good thing without taking away your own love and whatever of the thing. Like you can recognize that somebody did a good job without taking back the fact that you also could have done a good job. Speaking of people that did a good job, shout out to Ashton and on Twitter, they are MinesICCF. I always get one or two C's. It's MinesICCF. For sketchnoting a talk that I did while we were in between shows, it was absolutely amazing. For those that don't know, I often give talks around data and civil justice. I did a talk about stop and frisk laws and what the data says around it in Seattle. When I say that I have tried sketchnoting, I have done all of these things, and this was hands down the coolest representation of a thing that I've done, like a visual representation. I was floored. And if I just had all the monies in the world, I would hire them to just sketchnote all my talks in the future. I wouldn't even give the talk. I would be like, let me give the talk to Ashton and then they can sketchnote it, put it on this screen, and we can just spend 20 minutes, 30 minutes, however long, just looking at it and just being amazed at how great it was. But no, thank you so much. It was truly amazing. The event was amazing. All the sketchnotes that they did throughout the entire event, because they did every single talk that was there. It was truly phenomenal. And it was really cool to see my work represented in a way that I wasn't used to. That's so cool. And yeah, they are so talented. And I love the personal connection that they had to you. And you deserve it. You deserve to be sketched. And some other people that deserve to be sketched, but not by me, because I can't do it, are the amazing people that are doing amazing things. All the time in our Relay FM community, you can join them and chat and learn and hear some of the amazing connections as they're happening by becoming a member at relay.fm slash conduit. You ready for a connection check? Zack! Okay, no more yelling from you. You've had a long day. Okay, good. But how was your connection check, Kathy? That's a big green check mark for me because I have now successfully worked at the co-working space twice. And my first day, I got to pet two doggos. I have no idea what breed. They were not corgis. And for that, it was very sad. But they were the very goodest boys. They were big, fluffy, like horse-sized animals and so sweet. And I was very, very happy to meet them. I have no idea what their names are because their owner was on the phone and I was just like, can I pet your dogs? And they were like, yes. So like, really, it was the most optimal situation in that I got to love on dogs without having awkward human interaction at the time that I was eating lunch. So it was perfection. I can only begin to imagine the awkwardness of someone on a business call with someone and they're like, yeah, yeah, yeah, no, we'll have those reports. Hold on one second. Yes? Oh, do you want to pet my dogs? Okay. To be fair, to be fair, this was outside in like on the street. So it wasn't in my office. So it wasn't a bit. I don't I mean, it might have been a business call, but they were very much aware like that they were in public. So it wasn't a private. I'm going to accost your dogs. They were like on the sidewalk hanging out. Oh, man. I wish our community was was live right now because I'm not going to accost your dogs is a very good title. That is the title in our heart. Yeah. So for me, I also got a big green. I did a check mark, but I feel like I feel like in the realm of hearts and circles and we even got leaves. I know I'm so excited. I did. I did. I have a green emoji as well. Do you have a green snake? No, but I get what you're doing. Yes. I know. Look at look at that connection to your connection. I'm a professional. Boom. So yeah, now let's tell the rest of the audience what you're talking about. My connection was to get a remote space kit set up. I don't mean like traveling to Mars. Traveling on the day that this comes out, I will be on a plane or I will be in Texas for South by Southwest and I will be staying there for a good time and then coming home and then leaving again shortly afterwards. So I needed a way to bring some of my environment, my space with me. And what I opted for was making sure that I had really good remote meeting kit. And I purchased some stuff. I purchased the mobile creator kit from LumiCube and I already had a light and I already had a microphone and I use my phone as my camera when I'm traveling. So like that all worked. But I got all of that wrapped into a Tom Ben snake charmer, hence the green snake. See, you get it. I just want to make sure that our audience got that really genius connection that I make. Okay, I'm sorry. Continue. And I now have this as my grab bag for all things remote meeting. So everything lives in this bag and the bag is hung up next to my desk. So when I leave or when I start packing, I just grab the bag and it has everything that I need to make sure that even though my office space isn't necessarily what I'm used to, the quality of content that I'm putting out, whether it's recording a podcast or sitting in a Zoom call is. And I think just that level of comfort and that level of appearance and professionalism that I've tried to set up, being able to take that on the road with me now just makes me feel so much better. Yeah, that's there's almost a level of internal awareness and support that you can do by having the gear. Now, this doesn't mean that you have to have the most expensive equipment or anything by that means. But like being able to say this is my go bag and knowing that you have everything that you need in order to get your stuff done is pretty cool. Absolutely. And I think a part of one of the things that we're going to talk about later, but also like what we talked about last, the last episode of having this space around us, having this environment where we feel like we can do our best work. I think a part of that is also like, OK, I feel my best. I look my best. I'm in my element. I'm in my realm. We make up such a big part of our environment and such a big part of the space. So when we can make things greater, when we can level up that that whole environment aspect, I think that takes away from some of the drawbacks of not being in your familiar territory. I agree. 100 percent. 100 percent. So we have some conductor connections as well. Kathy, why don't you start off with Maddie? Right. Friend of the show, Maddie, their connection check, because she fulfilled the desire for all of the amazing emojis that are the correct color. Like it's amazing. So her connection fortnight ago was to get through February's gardening list. With that, there are three plant emojis that are green. And in parentheses, she says that's a yes. So she powered through the task needed to be complete in February and started on the March list, going to keep up the momentum. I'm always impressed anytime anyone does anything like gardening related. And shout I should have given a shout out to Maddie for like plant doctoring my plants. But I can't wait to see the garden as it grows this summer. That is that is awesome. And I was going to go back to the con prunet and things again. But I was like, I better not, because that was really hard last time. So you can did it, Maddie. Great work. Chin Tas, our recipient of the earlier shout outs, said previous try to get more sleep, green check for effort. They went to bed about the same time every day. But outcome, they're still less rested than what they'd like to be. That's OK, because that tells them that tells you, Chin Tas, that perhaps the quantity of sleep isn't the problem, but maybe the quality of sleep or also the amount of stuff that is happening either before or after sleep that that doesn't allow you to get the full benefit of it. Basically, all I'm trying to say, and I'm doing a terrible job of this, is that you've eliminated one thing and now you can move on to like, OK, let's keep doing this, but let's also examine these other areas that perhaps may be a factor in this as well. Right, because sleep isn't just about the number of hours, but the type and style and everything around it. And by being able to say, OK, I have gone to bed every time at about the same every day at about the same time, like that's amazing. First off, what a great habit to get into. And secondly, like. Are you more rested than you were when you started? Because that's the important thing. Like if you're on the path towards being more rested, that's awesome because you're getting there and we know you can do it. What about Ankenu? Ankenu's got a green heart despite foul weather, our sloth of the show. Our sloth of the show's goal was to exercise at least eight days of the fortnight and it was achieved. Progress has been made, but a habit has not been formed. Well done, though, on being able to recognize that as a success, because clearly I would also argue that it was a success. You have done an incredible job and getting that habit formed. It does take time, especially when it's so much easier to just not do the things. So great job. Well done. I'm excited for you. Also, I am happy to join Ankenu in the routines of trying to make exercise a habit. I started doing supernatural and it is so much fun. And if you like dancing and you like any type of cardio workout that makes you hate life for a few minutes, it's totally worth it. Is that where you drive around in a car with your brother and try and like fight the bad guys that come? No, it is a virtual reality workout thing for I don't know what all it's on. I use it on the quest. I don't know what they're calling out the meta quest. We'll have to ask our fine friends over at Roboism what that is. I'll send the message. If you've ever played something like Beat Saber or Guitar Hero, it's a very rhythmic game, but it involves both upper and lower body. So you have to bob and weave and duck and move, but also hit things as they come flying at your face. And they take you to all different places around the world and you get. Use actual music that's really, really good. And I did like the hardest workout of my life to like humble by Kendrick Lamar. And it bout broke me, but I felt so capable afterwards. Oh, my goodness. I can't recommend it enough. It is a subscription thing, but like if going to a gym gives you a lot of anxiety, this to me is a very good alternative to that. If you want to just do like your natural body or like aerobic exercises, check that out. But I'm going to great, great work for even without supernatural being able to get some level of exercise in every day, regardless of the weather. Next is our favorite blue dragon of the show, Sky, Skyzy. They say connection check a blue heart because apparently they don't like the color scheme that we gave. I'm kidding. I think blue just means extra, extra. Yes, maybe. Don't don't inject your own colors, people. This becomes harder and harder for us. We still love you. Yeah, that said our favorite blue dragon of the show said connection check. Yes, my brain procrastinated on doing the projects brain dump for way too long. But once they did it, they thought it was nice to see projects organized into groups and to know which ones are and are not active. We really got to do like a show on like what to do with inactive projects. I think that would be a really fun topic one day. Well, add it to the list. Add it to the list. But good job, Sky. Fantastic. All right. Our brand new conductor of this. Wait, no, Robert's not new. We talked about they don't have a name. Robert, we need a name. We need a name. Please share a name with us because for now you're just going to be Robert of the show. But they put a double green heart because not only did they finalize the wedding date with their fiance, but they also found and made the first payment for the venue, which fantastic because now you officially have the date like you can't pick the date and then pick the venue and hope that the venue is available unless it's like your uncle's farm or something because that doesn't work. So well done. And then I'm guessing that the second heart is because they were ready for the interviews they had at the end of last fortnight and was hired at their first job out of university. Everything's coming up. Robert, you know, congratulations. Way to go. Congratulations. That's so many amazing things happening. That is that is wonderful. Next, we have our Oracle of the show. So they said connection check yellow heart decided life decided to throw several crisis. Oh, no. Oh, no. Last week, including a relapse into a chronic health condition. I'm so sorry. They got the book introduction edited, though, but the conclusion is a mess. That's OK. But they made themselves take a few days off with some encouragement from lovely folks in the relay from Discord. And they think that it helped a bit. I'm glad we were able. Well, not me, because I totally slacked. It's Discord, not slack. But OK. I'm so glad that there were other people in the Discord that were able to help out and give you the encouragement. But yes, please, please, please, please take excellent care of yourself. All the deadlines and things can wait because health health and happiness is much more important. Yeah. And I'm I'm so proud of you for being able to recognize the fact that, hey, when you're not at your best, it's OK to give yourself some grace and to give yourself some permission to have a little bit of a pause there. All right. Our hello of the show, Jumbo, that has picked out the kilts, which was surprisingly quick and easy. They were able to find their tartan and picked out the menu for their wedding. So that's two very big things ticked off the list. Between that and some time with friends and family has been a very pretty successful fortnight. Heck, yeah, it was just like the date and the venue picking out a menu. Venue menu. Man, I am I'm so funny today with rhyming. I am clearly a poet and I didn't know it. You're welcome. I have been on fire with my tick tocks for very bad jokes and I love it. But that being said, it's time to talk about our sponsor. And this episode of Conduit is brought to you by Devon Think, the flagship product from Devon Technologies. Devon Think is the most professional document and information management application for the Mac. It's the one place for storing all your documents, snippets or bookmarks and working with them. The integrated AI assists you with filing and searching along with extensive search language that uses advanced Boolean operators. Devon Think features a flexible sync system that supports many cloud services or lets you synchronize over the local network too with everything securely encrypted. This gives you the choice for however syncing works best for you in your situation. It has smart rules and flexible reminders that let you automate all parts of your workflow and delegate boring repeating tasks. Let Devon Think automatically organize your data with rules you define. Devon Think's Apple script dictionary is one of the largest on the Mac. There's no part of Devon Think that can't be automated. Extend Devon Think's functionality with your own commands by adding them to its script menu. Even templates can have scripts inside and you can set up new documents with data from placeholders or inserted by your own Apple script code. And of course, there's so much more from an iOS companion app to email archiving, scanning, or even an embedded web server for sharing your data securely with your team. So I love Devon Think, especially when I get like these very like esoteric questions on how to save things that you get from the internet. One of the amazing parts of Devon Think is that you can take something that is online and quickly make it offline. And no better example of this was that a tweet that inspired me to look at my own bookmarks that I keep online, take the feed from them with literally one click and a copy and paste, and then have all of those links be archived in Devon Think. And then when I wanted to, I can just go in and say, this is really important. This Swift UI thing, very, very important. You know what? Let's make that an archive. Right click, make it an archive, and then I'm done. And it's it. Now the thing that was online is now offline. And even if it goes away one day, I will always have a copy of it. That sounds pretty magical to me. And if that sounds magical to you, you can get 10% off Devon Think 3 or upgrade to it right now. Just go to www.devontechnologies.com slash conduit. That's www.devontechnologies.com slash conduit for 10% off. Our thanks to Devon Technologies for their support of this show and all of Relay FM. Thanks, Kathy. Kathy, Kathy, Kathy. I had a plan and people came in and they threw off my groove. How dare they? Didn't they listen to our episode where we talked about throwing off the groove? No one throws off the emperor's groove. Nobody throws off the emperor's groove. And I am the emperor of my life. Therefore, don't throw off my groove. No, I wanted to I wanted to talk about external factors and how how to handle and prevent them from putting your productivity at risk. And can we just start with probably the biggest external factor, which is other people? Other folks. I love the people and yet and yet. It reminds me of those TikToks where people are like, I love my kids, but sometimes I just don't like them. Exactly. No, I you know, it's it's really hard to to live in a world where we have to make ourselves available for other people, especially when we're parents or spouses or we have significant others or we have colleagues and coworkers, all of these different things. You know, I think often in the realm of productivity, it's it's a personal thing. You know, it's either personal or it's team. But the problem with those two places is that the team often impacts your personal productivity and your personal productivity often impacts the team productivity. So it's really hard to separate one from the other. But there isn't really a system in place. And I'm not here to make one tire it out until you're exhausted, I guess. But tire it out till you're tired. Come on there. Exactly. It was right there. I was right there. It was it was too easy. But but yeah, like how do you handle dealing with other people when it comes to your personal productivity? This is where my people pleasing self control lack of self control. Falls down because I will usually move heaven and earth to make sure other people's lives are easier, which isn't bad in and of itself. But when it directly affects my own productivity and the ability to get things done the way that I want it to, that has an has an issue with things. However, I because I'm aware of the problem that I have, I'm also working on getting better at dealing with that situation. And part of that is kind of setting boundaries as best that you can. So for example, I have a client who would message me on Slack just hi. Now, sometimes this means that they have a new task for me or an adjustment or a tweak or something that has to be done. And sometimes it's to tell me about a cool television show that they watched. I don't mind chatting by all means. Please keep me entertained in my day. However, if I'm in the middle of another project, I can't tell which hi this is. Do I drop everything to see because something broke or am I going to add something to my Netflix queue? I don't know. No idea. So once I was able to identify that this was bothering me more than I expected, I was able to pass it along and set that boundary, set that line as easy as I could. As easy as I could. And in doing that, I was not just saying, hey, never talk to me again, obviously, because that wouldn't work. But it was more of a, hey, when you send a message to me, could you send more than just hi so that I can better figure out if this is an immediate like context switch or if it's OK to let this message sit for a bit? And it was like, oh, yeah, totally not a problem because I had to set up boundaries previously as well. And so it was more of a conversation in a way to kind of let someone else know what I need because people don't read minds. It's not possible. I don't know if you know this, Jay, can't read your mind. I don't I don't I don't think it is. Yeah. You know, I can I can I can I can I can I can I can I can I can I can I can I can I share a part of our regular conversations that we have that I have always wondered about. Yes. So I notice that often when we are chatting, you will heart every message. And I feel like a part of me is also a blame for this because I will I send I send like every sentence said like, hey, Kathy, what's going on? Send. I was thinking about this thing. Send. Here's my response. Send like is is are those hearts like a way for you to know where you left off in the novel that I'm writing message by message? I mean, partially, yes. It's also an acknowledgement that I read it and that I am here for you and at least a portion, like a small part of my life, like I'm able to. I'm here if you need me, but I can't put real words together because I'm having issues. Right. And yes, this this was not if any if it was calling anybody out, it was calling myself out for my horrible messaging. I know. But see, here's the thing is that it's not horrible because I do the same thing. I want to make sure that I get a point out. And so I'll send, you know, a sentence at a time and then I'll do like a little bit of a separate thing. I'll do like separate things as opposed to, oh, I'm going to make four points and I'm going to put it all in one sentence. So then you will miss things like it's easier, especially like if you're going to ask multiple questions or like have multiple like conversations, being able to reply to each part of that is so much easier because in the long, especially if like it's later at night because, oh, you're turning around and I'm asleep because I'm old, being able to say when I wake up, OK, I'm going to reply to this one and this is my answer and we're going to reply to this one and this is my answer. However, I also have a bad habit of liking everything. Like if I see a post like I will like all the tweets, I will like all the Instagrams, like give me those reactions like give me. Because it's a way that I can say, hey, I saw your thing and I appreciate you. Yeah, I think more than anything, what it tells me is it is an understanding of you will know when I have processed this and done the thing. And that was more what I was hoping was the case because I think that that's a really cool strategy of, you know, obviously we live in a world where our devices sometimes don't ping us about things. And then in other times, like as Kathy was talking in my phone, like vibrated 37 times, not because I didn't have do not disturb on, but because my phone was unlocked and for some reason hadn't gone back to sleep yet. So naturally it wanted to vibrate every five seconds over a thing. But like it it shows like one of those things when I get the notification or I send Kathy a message at like five in the morning or Kathy sends me a message at five in the morning because both of us are parents and time and sleep that just doesn't exist anymore. We don't have this immediate expectation that we're like, I'm going to send this message and they're just going to read it and reply. It's like, no, I'm going to send you the message and then that person will get back to me when they get it. Yes. And for me, looking for the heart or looking for like the reaction to what I sent gives me an idea of where you are in the conversation, because like you said, you may have seen a piece of it, but then I may have sent something else that you just haven't caught up to yet. Yeah, it's funny because when my kid was young and got their first device, they were super excited to like text Papa and Nana and like send a picture of their cute stuffed animal. And then they'd come to me right after and say, Nana didn't reply. I'm going to call. And I was like, no, that's not what we do. Like if it was an emergency, yes, absolutely call. Like there are levels. It doesn't need to be like specific. You can know what it is and deal with it. But if it's just look at my stuffed animal, you don't need to call and make sure that they got it. Now, of course, when you're a kid, you don't know this yet. These are things that you have to learn. And in teaching my child, I was able to better identify what's important when you have a relationship with anyone else. And part of that is making sure that both sides are feeling that connection with what's going on and what's happening. We live in a world where asynchronous conversations happen more and more and are really important for our society as a whole. If you're in class, you can't answer your you shouldn't. Him I'm looking at you, JD, you shouldn't answer texts from your buddy who's in P. Ideally, I feel like I feel like some shots were shots for I'm just saying. Oh, no specific name identified. I swear because I don't even know if it doesn't matter. But that being said, like you're not going to call your buddy because you sent them a picture in P.E. because you know they're in class, but you know that they'll see that picture when they get out of class and have a chance or go to the bathroom or go get a drink of water. Like there's micro breaks throughout the day that you are able to have like just a snippet of whatever's going on. But if I get a message from a client while I'm recording a podcast, if it's something that needs to be done, I will say, hey, I'm recording a podcast. I'll get right back to you type of a thing. I really should make a text to expand or snippet, but it doesn't happen often enough. Or I just leave it unread so that I will get no I get to it when I'm done recording. I think that's the big topic here is like it's not necessarily, hey, let's all complain about when people do this thing to us. That's really annoying. I really think that, you know, as we're talking about this, we're talking about the things that we would appreciate. And what I really hope for is that we set these rules. We set these boundaries. If I'm in a meeting and I get a message, there is no expectation for me not to, there's no expectation for me to drop everything and address that message. Now, the ADHD in me will immediately drop everything and address that message. I didn't come to be called out like this. Yes. So I it's then my responsibility to say, like, OK, I'm going to set these boundaries for myself that protect me from being disrupted from these external factors. But that also means that I have to hold myself accountable to those rules. I have to basically set rules for other people and let them know what those rules are. And one thing that I've done in terms of also saying no to things is I will tell people, I just have a rule that says, like, I'm not going to say yes about this until I think about it, you know, for a set amount of time. And like, that's just the rule. It's not that I don't want to. That's the rule. But then also, I also need to create those rules for myself and say, OK, when you're in a Zoom call, do not disturb goes on. And if you have to, that means you have to exit out of Discord and exit out of Slack and exit out of email and make sure your phone is normally, you know, not, you know, it's asleep. That way it doesn't vibrate a thousand times. You know, you you have to put those things in place. And I'm not saying that it has to be something so stringent that, like, you have a list or you have automations that go off. I do. I have automations that go off because I require that level of assistance. But if if you can verbalize and set rules for other people and then also verbalize and set rules for yourself, I think what you'll tend to notice is you can put those external factors at bay. And sometimes that will just eliminate them completely. Like if someone says someone's like, I need something now and you're like, I'm busy, like straight up, they will just ask somebody else and it'll be fine. But if you just go, oh, hold on one second, they're they're now expecting you to to participate in that. Yeah, I think the biggest thing here is that is to remember that external factors will always exist. We live in a world where other people are around as much as sometimes we wish it was otherwise. There will always be things that are ready to affect your day. The only thing that you can control is what you can control. Now, this is not talking about health situations. This is not talking about external factors, you know, acts of God, whether that sort of thing, you can't help it if the power is out. Like that that's not that's not something that's something that you can manage or no matter what you do, like you can't you can't do that. What we are talking about, though, is things that can be affected by other people. And something that I've learned, especially as I've identified this factor in myself and am working towards being better, the majority of the time, people are more than happy to be happy with your boundaries because you've told them explicitly, hey, I have a meeting on Wednesday, so I can't ever talk to you. Cool. Great. No problem. I've put it in my list. I put it on my calendar. Whatever. I've trained my parents that I can just send a mic emoji because a lot of times they'll call me. I'll send a microphone and they know I'm doing a podcast. So they will text me with if they had a question to ask or more importantly, they will text me to say everything's OK because I still have saved on my phone a voicemail from after my dad fell after having back surgery and he was basically screaming into the watch to get help. So like I have a little bit of a reaction towards making sure that everything's OK, but also I know I can't answer the phone at all times. So we have this boundary in place that I will send a microphone and they will reply back that everything's OK. And if it's not, I will then also text them, hey, are you OK? And if not, I will send follow up things or cancel, like stop recording or whatever, because I know things aren't OK. So we're coming up with a new method here today and that is how to deal with external factors. And we're going to call that the vice method. Yeah, you got to you got to have a grip on the things that impact your productivity and why not have that grip using a vice grip. Nice. The V for vice is verbalize, visualize, make it so that others can see or hear whether you're telling them or you're showing them. Like you said, putting it in a calendar, having an icon, an emoji of some sort that allows them to know, hey, rule, rule, do not disturb or rule, whatever, whatever is in effect. One of the things I really love about that is like they there was this trend a few years ago called Now Pages, which were like, these are the things that I'm open to doing. These are the things I'm not open to doing. And it's like it was a visual way of knowing if I'm about to ask this person something that is not on this list, the answer is going to be no, because they they visualize they've made it clear. There's no expectation of mind reading, which still doesn't exist. So please don't you can't. People can't know what types of what your love language is if you don't tell them. I mean, they can if you pay attention. But like people don't know what your home life is like. People don't know your schedule. If they do, it's a little bit creepy. But there's a there's you have to verbalize what you need or don't want from people. And then I identify the boundaries around it like no nowhere. OK, the only thing that overrides this is if this thing happens. Kathy, you mentioned a great example when, you know, when the situation with your dad happened, it was like, OK, you can drop everything. Like at that point, it's like, hey, I don't know what's happening right now, but I got to go. This is more important. So it's by knowing what can interrupt this. You now also know what can't interrupt what you're trying to do. And because you've already verbalized some of that boundary, you can then clarify and like deep more deeply identify what that boundary is because you have if then statements in place, but doesn't have to be official. It can be like porn and you can just know it when you see it. And that's OK to recognizing that. And the C is it can't just be a thing in your head. Create the rule. Use that as a way to convey that to other people. Like I said, the thing with the about page was so nice because it not only verbalized and visualize what was happening, it created a rule around, hey, if it's not on this list, I got to say no. If it is on this list, then absolutely. And here are the appropriate ways to do that. This is very much that level of, hey, you can message me any time, but understand when the silent notifications is on, do not send me the message anyway. Don't ping my phone if it says silent, unless it is absolutely an emergency. That is the rule. You've created the rule. You've expressed the rule. You verbalize and visualize what you're doing. And now you're saying these are the times that people can interrupt you. These are the times when you're available. These are the times when you're making yourself openly available to doing these things. And then the last one there is enforce it. No rule is good if it's not enforced. This is obviously going to be the most difficult part of all of this. Enforce it on yourself as well. No one is above the law that is your personal happiness and the productivity levels. Like we said with Soph's connection, even if there are deadlines, even if there are other things available, if the rule is I prioritize my happiness, I prioritize my health, I prioritize my diet, I prioritize whatever it is you're prioritizing. If you've created the rule, no one is allowed to break that rule other than, including yourself, not other than yourself. No one is allowed to break the rule, including yourself. However, it is okay if you need to set adjustments in the moment. If there's new things that come in that will affect outside of what you have visualized and verbalized, identified and created that rule, that's okay. Because once again, this is your life and you have control with it. I tell this to my new business owners all the time that you are in charge of your business and you can make choices that maybe aren't the like what somebody might recommend outside of whatever the norm is. But if you decide that you want to volunteer for Santa Claus, by all means, donate your time to Santa Claus because that's something that's important to you. That might not be the best business choice to spend multiple hours every year in the busiest time of the month talking to myself right now. But man, does it give me joy. I miss it actually a little bit, but I'm going to adjust my vice for that in the future when we open up that Santa house again. But that's not what this conversation is about. Rules are designed to be adaptable. That we, Kathy and I both live in the US where we have what people would consider a living and breathing constitution, which means that as things happen, stuff can be added, stuff can be removed. See, prohibition. We both added and removed. So and that's where like I love the idea of this being like a vice grip. Vice grip has different levels of tension and of gripness to it. I don't know what the word is for that. So I'm just going to say tension. No, we're going with gripness, but we'll ask our favorite developer of the show. I can't say favorite because we have lots of developers that we love. We'll ask people that use vice grips more than us. Yes, but Baddy V is a woodworker and does amazing things. And he would know what that's called. So exactly. And depending on the the, you know, width of whatever you're working with or how much strength you actually need on it, if you put too much tension on a vice grip, this I do know if you over tighten something, it will not work. You can't squeeze it like it's not possible. Also, if the material is too soft, you might break it. Like you might damage the thing that you're trying to keep a grip on. So you have to be able to and this is where identifying comes in. You have to be able to gauge how much tension you apply to this. So I again, I love when we can talk about a thing that's happening to us in real life, have these conversations and be like, we should do something about this. And then in the end, another productivity technique that will go in the amazing book of of of Khan doing it. Yeah. Boom. All right. We need to trademark that. And are we going to have Chintas now, like advocating for the vice method too? Or do we get a new vice advocate of the show? I think these are all things that we're going to learn after people listen to this episode, because clearly we're not live right now. And that's OK. It's OK, Discord. We still love you. So that being said, I think we've got to come up with some connections for the next fortnight. And I think I know what mine's going to be. Well, it's a good thing I'm first, because guess what? Mine is also that I'm going to vice grip something. I'm going to continue to work on my boundaries and set up a couple of things that I just in this discussion have realized have been kind of bugging me. And being able to put that vice grip in there, I think will really help my overall health and happiness and productivity. And I am also going to vice something, especially since I will be traveling for the next month. I will be on the road. I'll be in Texas. I'll be in Arizona. Also, yeah, if you're if you're in the Austin, Texas area and you listen to this show and you want to reach out to me and say, hey, let's go get ice cream. I'm down. All you have to do is say, Jay, ice cream. Oh, yes. Let's let's do this. Yeah. Tweet an ice cream emoji. Yeah. Tweet at conduit the ice cream emoji. And I will immediately DM. But that's set that boundary. Well, that's what I was going to say. That being said, I will probably have to put a vice grip on something regarding my travel because I know that there are going to be a lot of things that I want to do. Literally, there's so many talks and events and stuff that I want to go to that I just can't because I can't be in more than one place at the same time. Again, that has that technology doesn't exist yet either. So I know that my schedule is going to be hectic. I am going to have to put a vice grip on something there. So, yeah, I that is my plan. Device grip something while I am traveling and make sure that I set boundaries that allow me not to put my productivity at risk. That sounds like a great thing. I've got a variety. We are hitting the end of the dance competition season, which I'm very excited about. It also means that there's a lot of stressors and pressure in place for a variety of things. And so definitely setting those boundaries, setting that vice grip is going to be important for me. We also have plenty of connections from our conductors. I'm going to kick it off this time starting with Maddie, our friend of the show. She says for the next connection, establish healthy boundaries at work. Sounds like you need to. You need the vice grip. Yes. I find myself getting too invested in work. Oh, I'm so there. I work through hunger and I end the need for breaks. So I need to set boundaries for myself. Also, I need to set boundaries for others as I'm constantly interrupted in the depths of my work or high focus times with things that are not urgent. Oh, my goodness. You can't plan it better. Yeah, I know. Right. I was going to say this was not planned. I swear. Goodness gracious. This was not planned ahead of time. Maddie had no idea what was going on. We didn't even know what was going on. We are just all this awesome. Straight up came up with this topic through messages and being tired and all this other stuff. And Maddie comes in with the validation. We don't even see it happening and it's there. That is so awesome. What about Chintas? All right. Our entire advocate of the show and potentially new vice advocate. We'll see the fortnight. They need to be more honest with themselves for each day's goals. The aim is to allow space for things that come up and end each day happy with what they have done instead of disappointed with what they didn't get to. Boy, how do you do? I feel you on this ever since I started just having a single page to write down what actually gets done and crossing it off, even if it doesn't get on the list until after I've done something. It's helped me realize and recognize how much I'm actually getting done. So I'm really hopeful that you will be able to see how much you are able to get done in the day. You're also trying not to accidentally give Jay more additional work. Hopefully it's not because let's bully Jay nicely and to writing up a blog post about advice. How about that? I knew that was coming. I was like, oh no, what did I do? This one's on me though. So that's okay. Okay. Wait, let me let me let me for that with I am being the bully. I'm not writing the post. I just want to clarify that boundary and make sure that that's in place. Oh, that's so awesome. Our sloth of the show on canoe says to work on developing a method of journaling intentionality and outcomes, including connections that jive with how they operate. Prior effect or prior efforts using others methods have come with inconsistent and unproductive output. And let's see if they can change that. I love this because this is this is why we do this show. Sure. We come up with our own silly acronyms of how we do things and make them happen. Silly and amazing. Silly and amazing. But the goal here isn't to give you a whole new set of things to understand. It's to like encourage you to just sit there and look at your experience, look at how you do things. And after talking about it, maybe sharing some of your connections with us, you can hear how we would handle it and you can gauge that on what you would do and then come up with your own. Come up with your own systems. Come up with your own habits, just like the silk sonic method, just like the unicorn method. I love it when people look and say my life is unique. My experiences are unique. And therefore, the way that I navigate through them should also be unique to what I'm doing. And I'm going to you can do it 100%. And I'm pretty sure that he already did. Of course, I can't check the discord to confirm, but I seem to remember seeing a photo of his notebook with their pen and the connections written out. However, this might be another front of the show because once again, I can't check it and confirm, but I'm fairly certain that that was my memory, which we all know how great it is. So we're going to move on to the next one. And instead, we've got our favorite blue dragon of the show, Sky. Their next connection is to survive the last midterm, which will have been done by the time the episode is out. Great. You can do it. But especially you can take the much needed break over spring break. Spring break is magical when you're in college. There's something really wonderful about it. And I wish that we had spring break in real jobs, too. Oh, man, please. I'm going to need it. I might just take my own. I think that's what it's called. I think it's called paid time off. If you have that, if you don't have that, then I'm sorry. But if you do have that, it's like spring break, except for you can take it any time of the year. Topic for our future. Robert says they want to create a new rhythm in their jobs with their new job schedule to allow to spend time with their family and their fiance. Also, they manage they have some post school anxieties of having downtime and they may need to say no to new projects for the time being. I am with you, Robert. I had to sadly say no to things that I gave myself permission to say yes to. So I 100 percent fill you in when you mentioned like a lot of stuff happening. Got to make space for it. That means even if I want to say yes, I got to say no. Yeah, I'm so proud of you for being able to say no or at least working on saying no. That's an important first step, especially you want to be able to spend time with your fiance. This is a great time in your life and in your world. And really, you and your fiance should take priority. And if that means saying no to projects, so be it. All right, so connection for the next fortnight is to time for a big push for editing their book to get five of the chapters finished in the next fortnight. That is great. I love identifying that goal in numbers, not just I want to get more editing. You want to get five chapters edited. Great, especially with the second part of your connection, which is to prioritize taking care of themselves above everything else, getting enough sleep, exercising three times a week, and remembering to eat lunch. Yes, eat lunch, eat lunch, rest, exercise, all of these things to sprout yourself, plant or something. I don't know, taking care of yourself will let you oracleize for others. I was going to say put a vice grip on it, which by the way, vice grips are expensive. Oh, no, here's some vice grips that are not too expensive. Our vice grip is less expensive. Our vice grip is free, but you can also become a member and then we can talk about vice grips in our channel. That said, I am legitimately thinking about buying a vice grip just to like have a visual representation of like, yo. Maybe we can have a sticker or something instead. Vice grip tattoos, I want to see them. Please don't. Please don't. We are not connected. We are not having weird fish tattoos. Mike, you need to get your weird fish tattoo still. No, if there was ever a conduit tattoo, it's definitely a tire. Yes. And last but certainly not least is our developer of the show, Matt. He says my connection is to check on Google API status. As someone who is giving a talk about the Google API in like three weeks, I should probably also do this as well, Matt. Well, the reason, let me clarify, jump in and clarify this too, because this was because, and the reason, so we actually don't have Jumbo's. Oh, no, we did get that. Okay. Jumbo wrote a connection check in the discord and the little emojis that pop up when in the follow-up channel, you put the conduit emoji and then write your thing, it gets loaded into a spreadsheet for us. However, and it has a little emoji reaction that says that it's been read and processed. However, Jumbo's didn't get notified. So I pinged Matt and said, hey, come and fix this. And he did. He didn't do anything except, oh, maybe this is why discord is down. Matt broke discord. Because right after it was fixed, discord crashed. We're totally going to blame Matty V. It's totally his fault, but we love you anyways. That's okay, Matt. You're just setting boundaries for all of us. And that is involving getting other work done instead of being on the discord. So hopefully this topic, hopefully the vice grip on external factors will help you some way, shape or form. But I definitely have to thank Devon Technologies and Devon Think, which help me all the time for sponsoring this show. And Kathy, I'm pretty sure it's safe to say, but I've just got to ask, did we con do it? Oh, we con did it with a vice grip.