---
description: How do we learn to shut up and take the compliment? How about with a
  fresh bowl of imp-pasta!
pub_date: March 24th, 2022
title: '19: Eating the Devil’s Spaghetti: Combating Imposter Syndrome'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/19
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we can do our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that asks you to tell us how awesome we are so that maybe one day we'll believe it. This episode of Conduit is brought to you by Dev and Think. I'm Kathy Campbell and I would like to introduce the most amazing-ness human that is currently recording this show with me for reasons that I can't say why he's so amazing. But spoiler alert, he's freaking amazing. Jay Miller. You forgot what I do for a living. Hey now, just because I can't describe the intricacies of what you do doesn't mean anything. I still can't tell you what my dad did for his job even though he's been retired for like 10 years. That's my goal in life is that one day my kiddo will be like, oh, my dad, I don't know, he does something with computers. To be fair, my parents also don't know what I do. So it's fine. It's cool. It's great. Isn't the future amazing? You know what else is amazing? Shoutouts. And we do shoutouts from people doing amazing things in the Relay FM community. You can join them by becoming a member at relay.fm slash conduit. But Jay, do you have a shout out for us today? I do. And it's a special one because they didn't tell us they were going to be in the chat. Shout out to our good friend, the other host of the show. The one Alex Cox for doing the independence and going the independences route. I picture you now in that scene in Will Smith or in Independence Day where Will Smith is like dragging an alien in the desert. Welcome to Earth. But yeah, no, go support all the things that they're doing. There's so many. We're going to put some in the show notes. Dubai Friday is one we can't give you the whole URL, but there's a Patreon that goes with it. But again, do you like Friday or Patreon.com slash Dubai Friday is the relay appropriate link to follow. There we go. That's that's the one. Yes. And there's other shows like Roboism, that one that the amazing Kathy Campbell. I don't know if you know her. She's amazing. Yeah, we're going to be we're going to be promoting each other a lot. Maybe not like in terms of the links and stuff, but definitely pumping each other out because we're talking about devil's spaghetti today. Anyway, that's my shout out. So yeah, shout out to the one the Alex Cox and Kathy, what about you? Yeah. So my shout out is for Chris Farrell or Farrell. I never know how to pronounce the last name, but we've been Twitter mutuals for a while. He wanted to share about forces pertaining to vices. So our episode last time talked about our newest acronym, because apparently that's what we do is we make up acronyms to help you through your daily life. And in making the acronym VICE, we realized how little information we actually knew about the science behind compression and tension. So Chris was kind enough to let us know that vices use compressive forces that are commonly called load and tension is a pulling force also called load. Not confusing at all. But the physicist of the show has like at least started to explain to us what it does. All I need to know is that I put the clampy thing together and I rotate it and it squeezes. That's all I need to know. Yep. And there's something about managing loads and being able to keep things under control with vices. Yeah. Which by the way, a side shout out to someone that after explaining vices to them, they thought I was talking about like my oh no habits, like addictions and things. I was like, oh no, no, no, no, these are good. These are good vices. These are good vices. Love it. Love it. And so next up, we've got our connection checks. This is the time when we check in with ourselves and our conductors for seeing how we kind of handled the last fortnight. If you have a connection that you would like to share with us and the rest of the amazing conductors, you can either tweet with the hashtag my conduit or in discord, which you can reach by becoming a member of Relay. You can go to the discord and in the show follow up channel, if you put the little conduit logo and do a question mark, my conduit, you can then let us know what your connection check is and what your future connection is. And if you put it in there, it populates into the spreadsheet and then we can read it on the show. So do that. That are listening to us live right now. But unfortunately, if you do it now, it will not be read until next week. Unless discord goes down again halfway in the middle and then you have to do everything all over again. Right, right. Because that's what happened last time. And that's why we added a little sprinkling of the live chaos into the beginning of our last episode. So you can kind of understand what happens before and after the actual recorded show. And if you want to be a part of our live show, we highly recommend that obviously, because we are hilarious. And more importantly, our community is really fun. And the conversations that are had in the chat room during the live show is amazing. So you can be a member of the conduit community by going to relay.fm slash conduit and joining one of the members levels. And that puts financial support in our pockets, which we greatly appreciate. Now that we've done all of that promo, though, Jay, how do you do on your connection check? So I had to create a rule for myself that followed vice and point of order, we actually had to change the acronym for vice only to help it make sense. So I'm going to read through it again on from my blog, because that was something that the tire slash vice advocate of the show chin toss did not ask me to do. Oh, they're not in the they're not listening live. Oh, well, they'll hear it later. So yes. Wait, IBC wasn't working. Yes. So vice now stands for verbalize, identify consistency and evolve. And that's verbalize to others, identify the scope, consistency makes enforcement easier and just evolve. And the reason we did that was because talking to some people, they said, well, don't these two mean the same thing? And then this other thing mean the same thing? And we just want to make it clear. It's almost as if creating strategies and acronyms live on a show does not provide the most comprehensive explanation. Exactly. And yet we're awesome and we pull it together and we can make it work. So, yes, definitely. I was able to get a blog post out and in that I had to actually create a rule for myself. So my rule was don't officially say yes until you've committed at least 30 minutes to think about it, direct the request to schedule a meeting or send an email so you can review it at your leisure. Make sure you respond within two days of the written request, even if that means you're replying to say that you need to think more on it. Oh, love that. That's a really good one. And I think I might need to do that. So what would you what would you say? Did you complete your connection check? I'm guessing there's a big green checkmark. I'm going to give that a big green compression clamp. Nice. Nice. I don't think that I don't think that's an option, but I'm going to take it anyway. It is in our heads. It is in our mind. I also use the Vise grip, but it was more for a specific time period, I think. So some of you may know in my real jobby job life, I support a CPA client. And if you are in the US, it is currently tax season, which means life is bananas. And last week specifically, I had I really clamped down on my boundaries to make sure that I could breathe and not let all of the to do lists in my list take over my entire life. And it's worked surprisingly well. I ended the week much less stressed than I started it. No, not because there were fewer things to do, but because I had set those boundaries and especially verbalized them to myself. So that I gave myself that permission to. Like, oh, no, I already said no to this thing at this point, at this time. So there's no reason for me to say yes. Absolutely. And I think that's the biggest. That was the thing that I struggled to convey in that post, like enough of that. Vice isn't necessarily for you to tell people no all the time. It's it's to allow you to tell yourself yes to the things that you want to say yes to. And I know that that's a lot like those. If it's not a heck no, then or if it's not a heck yes, then it's a no and all that stuff. But it really does help when you can say, oh, no, my rule says that this is OK and give yourself permission to do those things. Yeah. Some sometimes. Saying it out loud can help a little bit as well. And so that's really it's affirming. But also, if you've verbalized it to other people and this also this this doesn't just have to be verbalizing to the other people that it impacts. But if you need some additional support from your community and friends and things that need is some extra help by verbalizing where your boundaries are to other people, you can then have them help remind you if you are saying yes to too many things or making adjustments or doing things that you're not supposed to do. Yeah. So let's get on to our conductors connections. This is where over the past two weeks we have had our amazing conductors give us their connections, their connection check and see how they did in the last fortnight. Except we're going to have a little bit of an extra little bonus here on the guitarist of the show, Scott, because discord was bad and because it was down, we've got some overlay. So we're going to I'm going to do this duplicate connection and connection check in one thing, because, again, the Internet and technology is great. So Scott's connection for the last fortnight was to make steady progress with his help. He's been focusing on diet and exercise in the last few weeks with the plan to start running again and now has a goal to focus on because his wife has signed up for a five K in the fall. And as a bonus, he now gets trained with his favorite person. OK, a stinking adorable. I love it. And the connection check now is while his diet hasn't been perfect, it has been much better than the months past. The five K training officially started and he feels good after day one. So the new connection is simply more of the same. Obviously, we're going to put that down in the end of the show. But for now, feeling good after day one is great. I can't wait to see how you're doing in the future and how the five K goes. That's super exciting to get to spend time with your wife as well. I love that. And from our pathologist of the show, we have, oh, sorry, from our pathologist of the show, Laura, we have their first connection. First connection. First connection. Welcome to the conduit conductors. I don't know. Please continue. I know. No, keep going. I want to hear where this song is heading. I'm not sure yet. It kind of went off the rails there for a second, but continue. OK. So first connection, I'm going to give this a try after listening since the first episode. Super fan. Love it. Whoa. I didn't. It took Jay reading that for me to really like comprehend that sentence. We're so happy that you're here and you're doing a conduct a kind of the words, the words. We're so happy you're here and doing a connection. So excited. So their their connection was I did the thing. Time blocking was easy on the days that they had medium autonomy. And it was super hard on most of the empty days. By the way, it seems like they were also affected by the discord bug. So their original connection was to try time blocking, a la the David Sparks method, which if you haven't checked that out, I think there's some references to it on like focused and also Max Sparky's website and probably the other shows that he does. But we'll try and find a link to the blog post. We'll make it happen. Yes. But every time they looked at the schedule, they were reminded of what they wanted to be working on and was able to get back on task. It really seemed to help with ADHD brain, which often wonders off and needs redirection. Also, also, can we say underscore of the show? Oh, OK, never mind. That's them. Just that's them telling us they want to be the pathologist. So the rules and told us what of the show name they wanted right away. And we really we love that. Our chat has broken us by not following the rules. I don't. So it follows the rules. We don't know how to respond. It's shocking and surprising. And we love it. So thank you, Laura, for following the rules. And also congratulations. You did the thing. Time blocking was easy on the days where they had medium, medium autonomy and super hard on the mostly empty days. I feel you seems to do best with some tent poles scattered throughout the day versus completely empty time. Oh, boy, I feel that. I feel that so much if I have a fully blank day because it happens so rarely. I never seem to be able to get my stuff together enough to actually do it. So well done, Laura. We're so excited you're here. All right, chin, thus connection. Check is a checkmark and a smiley face. So our entire advocate of the show says that at least for these two weeks, they've managed to successfully change their attitude to the task list. As a result, they're feeling calmer and their brain now thinks that they've achieved things despite still getting about the same amount done. Wow. OK, great. We've talked about this before. Brains are dumb, but well done on tricking your brain to to let it feel that calmness over what you've actually been able to get done. Like that is incredible. I think that is the hardest part of and we'll talk about this later of doing a thing, but feeling as if you did a good job on the thing. So, yeah, good job on the thing. Yeah. Our blue dragon of the show, Skyler, said connection check. Still not green hearts. Spring break was a great chance to relax and stop worrying about classes. Ten out of ten would recommend. Again, I'm going to I'm going to not pick on our blue dragon of the show because maybe they're colorblind and I don't want to be ableist. So I'm just going to assume that they meant to do green hearts and say, way to go. Man, I miss spring break. And clearly, it's two blue hearts which make a green checkmark. Right. That's how that works. I don't know that math. I don't know either, but I am not a developer of a calculator app. So instead, we're going to move on to our oracle of the show's connection check. Sof said has a green apple and they've got five chapters edited. They didn't get the eat lunch and get exercise goal 100 percent, but got close. So it's pretty happy. And they're going to be a little bit easier for next fortnight's connection. What I love the most about this connection check is that you still gave yourself a green apple. Like, even though you you said it yourself, you didn't, you know, eat lunch and exercise 100 percent, you still succeeded. You still checked that off. And I'm so proud of you. And I know that this next fortnight is going to be amazing as well. And then our sloth of the show, Ankenu, gave us a red box, which I'm just going to say, oh, no. Closest I came to reassessing the journaling was gathering some ideas together to review later and setting up to track the connections. No real movement on the core idea. That's OK. I mean, that sounds like some progress. I don't I don't want to make you feel like you have to complete a thing to get a checkmark. What I mean, let's make it a yellow box because you did make progress. It just maybe wasn't as much progress as you would hope for, but still progress. Yeah, I agree. 100 percent. You you are working on that. So get that yellow. Yep. Yep. Yellow box. We've got the yellow box in the chat. So he's updated it. We're good to go. Well done, sloth of the show. All right. Our last connection check for the day is Ryan, who has a yellow circle. The fancy music boy of the show has been focusing on their brain is going OK, and things are slowly getting better, but it's still very much a work in progress. Ryan, fancy music boy of the show. That's how life is. It's always going to be a work in progress and being able to recognize that and acknowledge the fact that it's not a failure is absolutely a green checkmark in our eyes. I'm going to speak for Jay right here. But keeping that progress is means that you're successful. And so well done. Absolutely. And by the way, the the reason we read these is for what is happening in our chat right now. Everyone being super supportive of one another, everyone giving each other cheers, emojis, hearts, retweets. I feel use all of the things that that's the focus of this. And if you want to be a part of that relay dot FM slash conduit, become a member so that you can, you know, give yourself a little bit of vulnerability, put yourself out there and then just let the flood of support come in and help you out. Yeah, it's important to realize that you're not alone in hard days or great days. And having the community, this amazing community that we have to be able to support each other is really important to us. And so we are so happy that you are here. So come in to hang out. And this episode of Conduit is brought to you by Devon Think, the flagship product from Devon Technologies. Devon Think is the most professional document and information management application for the Mac. It's the one place for storing all your documents, snippets or bookmarks and working with them. The integrated AI assists you with filing and searching while the extensive search language with advanced Boolean operators. Boolean is such a fun word to say. Boolean. Boolean. Devon Think features a flexible sync system that supports many cloud services or it lets you synchronize over the local network too, with everything securely encrypted. This gives you the choice for however syncing works best for you. It has smart rules and flexible reminders that let you automate all parts of your workflow and delegate boring repeating tasks. Let Devon Think automatically organize your data with rules you define. Devon Think's Apple script dictionary is one of the largest on the Mac. There's no part of Devon Think that can't be automated. Extend Devon Think's functionality with your own commands by adding them to its scripts menu. Even templates can have scripts inside and you can set up new documents with data from placeholders or inserted by your own Apple script code. And of course, there's so much more from an iOS companion app to email archiving, scanning or even an embedded web server for sharing your data securely with your team. So, Kathy, you you may know because we record biweekly and we had a panic about whether or not we were going to be able to record. I spent a week in Austin for work. And, you know, when you have to go to those fancy conferences, you have to make sure that you're safe. But you also have to make sure that you keep a receipt for every scooter that you ride. And because they shut off a bunch of roads, I had to ride a lot of scooters. And the only way that I was able to keep track of all of those different rides was by connecting Devon Think to my email. I created a simple rule that just said, hey, if it came from one of the scooter companies, then make sure you go ahead and get that. And then from there, I was able to expense all of my scooter rides. I got to ride scooters for free, y'all. They was fun. I would do it again. And Devon Think's Devon Think made it even easier for me to get all of that stuff back into my system and report it back to my company. Well, thank goodness you didn't break your ankle like Rose did when we were on a scooter together. So basically, I'm not allowed to ride on a scooter with you because then you'll break your ankle. So fair enough. Thankfully, you did it. And you have all of those receipts all put together. And you two can get 10 percent off. Not you two. You can get 10 percent off Devon Think 3 or upgrade to it right now. Just go to DevonTechnologies.com slash conduit. That's DevonTechnologies.com slash conduit for 10 percent off. Our thanks to Devon Technologies for their support of this show and all of Relay FM. Thanks. OK, so we we we sneaked sneaked the title a little bit with what what where did that come from, Jay? Where did that? Oh, the devil's spaghetti. Yeah, it came from the darkest depths of my brain, I guess. Which I love. There was a tweet at some point where someone was like two emojis that explain your situation or explain your career. And I was like, oh, I could do something like. Imp and pasta for imposter syndrome. So, yeah, devil's spaghetti or imp pasta is something that we are going to talk about today. Yeah. It's it's funny because I feel deeply that the imposter syndrome does connect with anxiety, but it also is fully separate. So I just I'm newly in the realm of anxiety. I. Only started having it about, oh, my gosh, four years now. Wow. I guess that's not recently anymore. Wow. What is time? What is time? That being said, I've always had imposter syndrome. And so it's been really interesting over the last couple of years to kind of see how that my anxiety has affected imposter syndrome. But more importantly, how I can work on getting better at combating it. Yeah, I've. I've was like flooded with, I guess, an overwhelming amount of confidence growing up as a kid. There was a lot of familial expectation put on me to go to school and be a good student and do all these things. And I think once I started struggling with it, and I think once I started struggling in school was kind of like the first real point where imposter syndrome came in into into factor. And definitely after I dropped out of college, which, oh, yeah, stay in school, folks. It'd be hard out here sometimes. But, you know, for me, it was. Every time I saw any level of success, I still had that all of those expectations that I hadn't met looming behind them to say, but you're really a fraud and you really can't do this because you couldn't even do the other things. Yeah, that's dangerous. Brains and their bees are are special. And especially when it affects your work or your productivity is when it can be really, really dangerous. And it can also. Cause you to hold back from making choices because you don't think. You're good enough or whatever you're providing is not wanted. Laura is confirming that pathologists all have imposter syndrome. Now, of course, we wouldn't want to say that they all have imposter syndrome, but I could see it being very, very prevalent. I think a lot of times, depending on how you were raised and a lot, I know that a lot of times females in my generation are still working through the barriers and ceilings that are in place. And I would imagine it's prevalent on different race and society factors as well. And the phrase walking into a meeting like you are, is kind of something that helps me mentally pump it up because I'm like, oh, yeah, I got this. They're they're not going to see what a good imposter I am because I can make them all believe that I'm incredible. Yeah. And before we talk deeper and deeper into our own experiences, we want to talk about the things that we've seen in the last few years. And before we talk deeper into our own experiences, we want to, you know, definitely emphasize these are our experiences. Neither one of us are doctors, therefore, we're not going to be able to really help you with some of the things exactly that you're going through. We can't give you advice that we would highly suggest you take. Like, listen to our experiences if they sound like something that you're going through. Maybe talk to a health care professional, especially a mental health care professional. And perhaps they can give you some like trained, licensed advice because you don't have to you don't have to go to school at all to get a microphone and talk on the Internet, which is why I love this career. It's great. And some for some reason people listen to us. So that's nice. Except if you are thinking that we're actual doctors, we're not doctors. But I do think that we are qualified to do the things that we do. And that I think that's where the first signs of imposter syndrome exist is you are doing the thing you are in the space you are whatever it is that makes you feel like you're not supposed to be there. You are there like that is that is such a thing that we overlook in this process of imposter syndrome has to come out of some form of success. So in order to feel this, you have to have some success that came with it. So if anything, congratulate yourself, congratulate yourself for at least getting to that point. Absolutely, because I think if I was to walk into, let's say the Olympics gymnastics meet, no amount of imposter syndrome would like like let me do any better because I can barely even do a cartwheel anymore. So I couldn't even pretend my way. And I'm also, you know, six foot. There's not many gymnasts that are that tall. So that would be really difficult to do. However, I can really apparently I have managed to I mean, I know I'm a unicorn. I don't need there's no imposter syndrome there. But what I have learned is that I am also a photographer that has gotten. And OK, so let me take a step back. I recently had a photo shoot with our local dance team that was absolutely incredible. Some of the best photos that I've ever taken using chalk and throwing the chalk. And then they were dancing and all of that. And it was absolutely incredible. And I was really proud of the work that I did. And I did some behind the scenes video so that I could put together a TikTok for it as well. That TikTok has almost twenty five thousand views. What? Yeah. And not only that, but one of the local photography idols in the area. And his daughter was at the same dance competition that we were at. And so we're mutuals on Facebook, but we haven't ever really talked. And after I finished photographing the dance, I went back up to my seat. And as I'm walking up the stairs, he goes, Hey, Kathy, I was like, oh, my gosh, you know my name. OK, hi. And then he holds up his phone with my TikTok and is like, this is freaking incredible. This is amazing. And then ask some questions about it. This is someone who photographs the professional soccer, hockey, basketball and lacrosse teams in Portland. He is the one I don't know if you saw the cheerleaders get the basketball off of the net from the end. Yeah, he took the photo that is on the front page of all the newspapers. So he's like a big deal. And so to hear him like say that to me, like I just about passed out and I'm like, oh, good. I am faking my way. We'll just ignore the fact that it took way too long to set up the lights and make sure that everything was working properly, because that doesn't matter because I was able to fake it enough. You know, even even in the present, you know, in my career, like I look at people and often want to give them credit for what they're doing to help with to help combat this idea of imposter syndrome. And it's always been this moment of like, I'm going to lift up the people around me. You're amazing. You're amazing. You're amazing. And then when they reciprocate and they go, oh, yeah, you're you're really great, too. I love this thing. Just like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, it's not about me. Don't make it about me. Because the second it's about me, it's like I can be doing the exact same thing that you're doing and you be the professional. But the second you call me professional, you're a liar. Right. That's exactly in that moment. And and I mean, even thinking about, you know, just how amazing my co-host is. Funny story. My spouse came in one day laughing and just said, by the way, I started following this person on TikTok and it was so great. And I just happened to check it again. And then I saw that it was Kathy. And I was like, oh, yeah, you know, Kathy, you'll talk before. And she was just like, I didn't realize that Kathy was doing all of this amazing stuff. And in my head, it became like the people around you that are so amazing are usually around you for a reason. But also, like, I feel like the more and more that you see that and the more and more that you you amplify them, the the less you start to feel that you're qualified to be around them. Yeah. I found by identifying and calling out other people's awesomeness, it's been easier, still difficult, but it's been easier for me to be proud of things that I've done as well. There's a level of good comparison in place. Now, if you have people that you're constantly trying to one up, that's when it can be a little bit dangerous and not recommended. But if you have supportive, incredible humans in your life, and dragons, and unicorns and dogs and cats, I got to include everyone in our audience. But if you have these amazing connections. Say it, say it, say it so I can ring the virtual bell. OK, good. Ankenu says that people includes more than humans, so I'm just going to call it people. This includes all of our animals and mythical beings. You're all people just for the sake of this because I can't include everyone in this. So all of the incredible people in your life, if you keep them being incredible and if you keep pumping them up and let them pump you up, pump up the jam, pump it up. Oh, no, no, I'm done. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I apologize. Um, but if you can allow them to congratulate you and help support you in the good and the bad places and then celebrate the heck out of you when you have some incredible things and let them remind you how awesome you are. Like I got to do on the phone call with Jay earlier this last week. Oh my gosh, what is time? When was that? Was that just yesterday? I feel like it was a couple of days ago. But yeah, there's there's like so much happening that is challenging my imposter syndrome at the moment that I can't talk about yet, but I will. I promise. I know Jay likes to keep secrets, but they're always good secrets. Usually they're worthwhile. But Kathy, I agree with you so much. And I think that that's the difference. And in many different techniques of when I lift up other people, sometimes it reminds me of the things that I haven't done. Whereas for you, Kathy, when you lift up others, it allows you to equate your successes to them. And I think that that often comes in wording like I often will word a compliment in a way that is this person is great because they do this instead of perhaps this person is great because without them, we're able to make certain things happen. So it takes it from them being the complete package to a thing getting done to them being a part of it, which means you're the other part. Yeah. Yeah, I think it's important to be able to have a very specific compliment to somebody as well. And we're kind of transitioning from receiving compliments and support and turning it around and supporting others and how to especially if there's somebody that maybe doesn't take compliments very well and you know this about them, but you still want to try and make sure that they realize that they are loved and appreciated. Being able to have a very specific incident of what you're complimenting them for and why you're making that connection with them as a human. I try to do this a lot whenever I'm out in the world, which is not very often anymore, of course, but when I am, if I recognize and am like, oh my gosh, that person's earrings are incredible. I'll tell them from a safe distance, obviously, and just acknowledge and just say, hey, I wanted to let you know I absolutely adore your earrings. And then they'll usually have a shocked look on their face for a moment and say thank you and continue on. But I'm hoping that that comment maybe left a little warm place in their heart. And when they wear the earrings again, they can maybe think of that how much some random person at the grocery store said. And so it doesn't have to be these great big, yay, congratulations on getting a job. Yay, you did. You made a baby. Hooray, you're doing a podcast. But looking at these micro supports can be really helpful because it will also come back to you in a way that I don't really fully believe in karma as a be all end all, but it makes it easier for you to recognize little good bits that are coming back to you if you're sending them out into the world. Yeah. And I want to take a moment actually to talk about how some of the things that we've talked about in the past can really play to this. And I think the biggest one obviously is vice. Again, set rules for yourself set rules for other people. I'm going to highlight a rule that I heard recently on a favorite show of mine called Finding Your Dragon. I'm sure you've heard of it. Fmd or Fmd. Yeah, find my dragon. It's called find my dragon. No, no, it's finding your dragon. No, it's finding your dragon, Kathy, because because I know where my dragon is. But anyway, I always call it Fmd. And I always put it in my easy playlist and overcast. And that is a deep cut. So if you know what I'm talking about in there, you're definitely a member. Anyway, in Fmd, in the latest episode, there was a conversation about one being very, very apparent when people that aren't in your your collective start to notice that you're doing things. And what you can do to celebrate those small wins. And I think that, you know, just like micro supporting other people, I think if you give yourself those little micro victories, those small wins. And again, that's why I say you have to vice that you have to celebrate the wins even when they're small, because by doing that, it allows you to start to normalize that those patterns as they're happening. And it just puts you in an overall celebratory space, which helps fight with things like anxiety and anything that is going to give you a negative space. Vice that stuff out of your life. One of the things that the hosts were talking about was that only one of them has access to analytics because the other person doesn't really they feel like if they obsess about the analytics, it becomes a negative instead of a positive. So instead of stressing about the numbers, instead, they celebrate the individual micro accomplishments. And I love shout out to soap in our chat for calling it a micro victory of that, not to be confused with the microbrewery. Those are different. But both are very good. But yeah, I think if we can start to create rules around, hey, does this thing is this thing celebratory or is it done in like a manner of negativity? And we have to start eliminating those negative factors and focusing only on those things that allow us to feel as if we are where we need to be. Yeah. And I think once you also have started reaching out and celebrating those micro victories with others, you can help other people that are trying to celebrate it get this radical joy and victories in these micro victories and be able to celebrate. When I was in London, when I was in London, a red carpet premiere. I'm just kidding. No, I know. I can't believe like, no, I should be proud of this. I should be proud of the fact that I got to, I was invited to go to London for a red carpet premiere for a television show. Like, I am owning that. However, when I was there, I found myself multiple times talking to another content creator who he's been in a space for a while. And he is a YouTube creator. And a couple of times we talk about how he doesn't know how to take it when people compliment him. And I was just like, well, thank you for listening. Thank you for being a fan. Thank you. You know, just say thank you. You don't have to follow it up. Being able to just say thank you and acknowledge the bravery of somebody to come up and talk to someone that they have a parasocial relationship with. Being able to acknowledge the compliment, even if you don't believe it, even if you want to follow it up with, oh, you know, my best, this isn't my best work, or I could do better, or, you know, oh, yeah, I made a mistake here, or any of that. Being able to acknowledge that somebody wanted to tell you a good thing and accepting it, saying thank you, and allowing it to move on can be helpful when it comes to like, working through somebody forcing a compliment on you. Yeah. And Kathy, I just have to tell you that, one, you are so amazing at the things that you do. And, I mean, honestly, this show as a whole is successful because you're on it. Me, not so much. But, okay, hold on now. No, not allowed because clearly this show happens because you're on it. This show goes off the rails because I'm on it. I would much rather be on this show off the rails with you than on the rails with someone else. Yeah. And I say that to mean that it's the connections that you make in your career, in your trade, or whatever it is that you're doing. Believe them when they give you your kudos. Believe it because trust me, if, I've worked with people that I felt like their imposter syndrome wasn't actually a syndrome. They might have been playing the game. But at the same time, it's those moments when you do work with people that you start to question how much are you pulling in the load there. And if they're giving you your compliments, trust me, they're probably very, very worth it because most people aren't going to waste time giving people that aren't worth it empty compliments. Yeah. And here's the thing too, is that even if it is an empty compliment, take it, own it. You get that. Obviously someone's not going to come up to me and say, wow, the music that you played this weekend was incredible because A, I don't play music and B, if I did, it would not be incredible. And so if it feels like an empty compliment, it's still a compliment. What is that? They say no press is bad press. No compliment is a bad compliment. Obviously taking out the backhanded compliments or the really underhanded, whatever. Oh, you were so much better than you were last week. But I think any compliment, you should own that and help work through your imposter syndrome. At the end of the day, if someone compliments you, you're at least whatever that thing that they're complimenting you on, you're at least that to them. And sometimes that's enough. You don't know what they're going through. Maybe they want to be where you are right there. And if you're playing it off as it's not this big deal, congratulations. You've just stepped all over their dreams. Yeah. Basically you're calling them a liar. Yeah. So don't be rude and just take the compliment. Yeah. And if you don't know what to say, just say thank you. Yeah. So thank you, Tony. Yes. Thank you, Jay, for being amazing and incredible and willing to be vulnerable and tell me all the hot goss that you have going on in your life because it makes me feel happy. Oh, man. There's been a lot of feeding into my devil's spaghetti that just really makes me need this episode right as we're having it. And the best part about it is I didn't even have to suggest it. It came from you. It was all me. It was all you. Such a great co-host. Oh, no, you are. Okay. I'm going to take the compliment. Okay. Nice. Nice. All right. It's time for our connections for the next Fortnight. Jay, what is yours? I'm going to take a lesson in. No, no, no. Stop it. I see what you're typing. Why do you do this to me? Oh, for the people not noticing. Okay. So Kathy and I share a note and are we share a Google Doc? And as I was about to say, I'm going to do my best to compliment somebody. Kathy's typing in compliment somebody. I was like, ah, okay, I am going to work on accepting compliments. Oh, there you go. And I'm not sure how to do that other than just saying, thanks. Like I do whenever Kathy thinks our wonderful sponsors. So I'm going to start with that. When someone gives me a compliment, I'm not going to try to downplay it or do anything else. I'm just going to do the exact same voice as if someone was reading a sponsor ad and go, thanks. And then they'll think I'm weird and then run away. I guess. I don't know. No. Hey, no, no, no. Besides, there's nothing wrong with being weird. I wonder what Kathy's going to do. So I'm going to compliment one person each day, whether online or in real life. And I'm going to work on not just having it be a generic compliment to check it off, but I'm going to work on really concentrating on finding a moment, a thing to to interact with them for. Specifically, I think a podcast that I listen to or a video that I watch on YouTube or whatever, giving them that joyful little bit of happiness, not asking something for from them, not needing anything from them, just being able to sprinkle some good cheer. Yeah. Yeah. Well, with that, shall we check in with our conductors for their connections for the next fortnight? Yeah, we're at an hour, so we need to like be like professional and stuff and run through. Now, it's OK. No, we can meander however long we want. This podcast has chapter markers. If somebody doesn't want to listen, they can just keep skipping because we're going to continue connecting with our conductors. Oh, one thing before you do that, you mentioned complimenting podcasters and things like that. You know, a good way to do that is to give them a five star rating on whatever podcast player you're listening to. Like for real, whenever you get those, they mean the world to whoever sees them. So I as someone who doesn't get them all the time, like when I see them, I'm just like, oh, wow, someone really likes my show. I'm doing a great job. I need to keep doing it. So, yeah, if someone is doing something that you really enjoy, make sure you let them know. And if they are a podcaster, do it in a way that helps benefit what they're doing. And our chat says also, if they're a YouTuber, make sure you hit that button, ring that bell, do all those things too. Yes, absolutely. All right. So let's check in with our conductors. Our guitarist of the show, Scott, their connection for the next fortnight is to make steady progress with their health. Oh, wait, no, I'm taking that back because we already read that because that was, I didn't delete that. We already did that one too. It's fine. This is great. All right. Chimtas, their connection for the next fortnight is to community. Community. You're so good at this. I am doing great. I am amazing. You are amazing. Thank you. All right. Chimtas' connection for the next fortnight is to communicate and keep to the messaging rules that they've set for themselves using the vice method. Great emoji use there. That is to not answer non-emergencies when outside of work time or when in a meeting with someone else. Keep those boundaries up. Absolutely. And then our owl of the show, Kate, says next connection in the next two and a half weeks, they have two deadlines. Their aim is to get as much of the building designed before the end of the month for the first deadline as it's the last official chance for feedback before the final deadline. I mean, again, I just want to point out that we have so many amazing folks in our channel that we have people building things and writing things and doing all these things that deadlines have to just, ah, I don't know. Again, they're all amazing. I'm just going to keep saying that and leave that there. You can do it, Kate, I believe. Yes, you can do it. All right. Skyler's connection is to roll more dice with a winky face. Now, I don't know what this blue dragon of the show is planning to do with those dice, but I am down for it. Whatever they want. Maybe one day they'll roll a green heart instead of a blue one. I'm making this a crusade. The green dragon of the show. I'm waiting one day. Wow. Get ready to have a dragon after you. Holy cow. Well, then our oracle of the show, Soph, they say that their next connection is to meditate five times a week, exercise three times a week and sit in the garden on a nice spring day. Oh, wow. That's a lot. And I hope that you've worked up to this point to do it because I tried to do that and I did not. But I know that I also tried to write a book and you're doing that. So you have the ability to do that. You have the ability to do this. I believe in you. You can do it. You can do it. Yay. We got confirmation that they've been ramping up. So you absolutely can do it. This is the moment you can do it. Got it. All right. Our sloth of the show for the next fortnight, Ankenu is going to revisit the journaling again and try to get some traction this time. I only want you to try and get traction if you will also forgive yourself if you don't get it. So revisiting it. Great. Perfect. Recognizing and acknowledging where you were in the past and where you are now. Absolutely incredible. Just make sure you're gentle with yourself and you can do it. There was a tire metaphor there that we'll talk about after the show anyway. And last but certainly not least, the dungeon master of the show, Rob says new connection of two weeks until the new job starts. Yeah. Yeah. Got to wrap up everything at the current job, sort of how to return an in-person job, bags, clothes and everything and make sure that they have the systems to ensure that their wife isn't left with the household labor while they're away more. That's weird. So we are hoping to talk about like what happens in those changes and like adapting systems and doing all that stuff soon. So Rob, thank you so much for sharing that with us. I know that you can do it and I'm looking forward to it. Hearing or I guess I look forward to hearing about it more in the next connection check. Absolutely. All right. And with that, that is all our connections for this episode. Once again, if you would like to leave a connection check or a future connection, you can always tweet with the hashtag my conduit or our preference is to hang out in the relay discord and you can go into the show follow up channel and leave your connection there. Just put the conduit logo and a question mark my conduit and it will get loaded into our magical spreadsheet. This episode of conduit was brought to us to you. One more time. You're doing it. You're doing it. Thank you, Devon Think for sponsoring this episode of conduit. Jay, did we conduit? I mean, you did. I'm not worried. No, I'm just kidding. Yeah, we totally condone it. Heck yeah, we did. Took a couple tries at the end, but we finally condone it.