---
description: Do you have a tendency to overplan? Jay and Kathy talk about how they
  combat over-planning as Jay gets ready for his new gig!
pub_date: April 21st, 2022
title: '21: Plan To Be Flexible'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/21
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we can do our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that can help hold you together when you're falling apart. This episode is brought to you by Microsoft Lists and CrowdStrike. I'm Kathy, the Internet's favorite business unicorn and a huge Wheel of Time fan, and this is Jay. Oh, I don't get a special intro, but that's okay because unicorn's gonna unicorn. Something like that. Let's start out with some shout outs. What about you, Jay? What do you got? So I have an amazing friend that I get to talk to about once a month. It goes by the name of Julia, and they know who they are. And they're listening to this show right now. Hi, Julia. Hi, Julia. And they reminded me of my own words from Conduit as we were talking without me prompting it. And it threw me off for a second, but also it was so relevant. And that's because I come up with the best of words, I guess. But no, I was I was in my anxieties and in my thoughts and in my feelings of all these things. And Julia just gave me the warmest of reminders and then also shamelessly plug that see, I do listen to the show. So shout out to Julia. If you're listening there. Fan frickin' Tastic. I just realized I had two shout outs, so I probably should have gone first. But whatever, I'm going to just stick them, stand up, stick them together. I'm going to have a two. That's a weird sandwich sandwich. Yeah, it's a hot dog. You know what? It's fine. It's a weird. It's a weird episode. So very firstly, this past week, I was lucky enough to be an extra for a pilot show that was ordered by CBS and hopefully will be picked up because it's frickin hilarious. And so keep your ears open, I guess, for Rust Belt News with Rich Somer, who's from Mad Men. Jemma Mai, as I think is her name, the guidance counselor on Glee. And then there was a new actor that I had never seen her in anything before. Her name is Angel Lakita Moore. She plays the mayor in the show that will hopefully be picked up. But she was probably the funniest person I have ever seen in person, because, you know, you go to like a comedy show and they're very much like, this is the comedian. She was just fantastic. So I hope the show gets picked up so that she can be rocketed up into the atmosphere. And I'm talking about it on this show. So I can be like the hipster Angel fan club person. So the fun thing is, I love Angel. Like, yeah, I listen to her podcast every week. So Angel and Kev on stage. Oh, my gosh, she has a podcast. Holy cow. How did I not know this? I am so excited right now. She's frickin incredible. She's so funny. Yes. So the podcast is called Here's the Thing with Kev on stage and Angel, who goes by that chick Angel on YouTube, has a YouTube channel doing all the amazing things. You know, everything that you've said, yes, echo that. But but yes, absolutely phenomenal. She was on I think she was on like ER, like at some point as like more like a secondary role. So she's been in the game for like a year now. So she's been in the game for a while, but absolutely hilarious. So fun to listen to and overall like an amazing positive voice. Yeah. So shout out to Angel for being frickin incredible and making a very long day. I was on set for 12 and a half hours. And I can't even imagine how long she was there. But it was just it was a wonderful experience. And to the other fantastic extras that I met and got to talk about Conduit and other podcasts. So hi, friends. Good to to have met you and hang out with new people. And then my second shout out is for the future that's happening now. This weekend, I get to meet my first discord buddy. Sky and I are going to be hanging out at Jordan Con in Atlanta, Georgia this weekend. And so we know each other through other people. So it's not a totally like not quite a discord meetup, I would say. But I'm excited to see them. So check out the discord for a photo in break room where we will post it. Hey, Jay, what else? Something segue into talking about the discord and being a member. So I will say that that photo is just one of the many reasons that you should join the Relay FM Switch on Discord, because honestly, it's just fun. Like I, as we're going to talk about, I've been in this like weird phase of stuff between traveling and being in between jobs and everything. And one of the things that I can always think about is I wonder what my friends in the break room are doing or as whenever I have a harebrained productivity guru idea that I want to tweet out and then get, you know, some good feedback on, I can go to systems and themes. Or if I want to talk about sports ball, I can go to sports or space or podcasting or all the other channels where lots and lots of people like the ones listening to this episode right now are all talking about the things that they're interested in, they're passionate about, and you can join them by becoming a member at relay.fm slash conduit. And now that we've done that, I'm going to take that wonderful mentioning of Angel Lakita Moore and add that to my Microsoft list. Ooh, nice. This episode of Conduit is brought to you by Microsoft Lists. Lists are so important for productivity and everyday life. Almost anything that you do can benefit from a list. Are you looking for a new way to track and manage work and life from start to finish? Microsoft Lists is here to help you clear your brain space and get organized. And it all starts at lists.live.com. Microsoft kicked off a preview program to try Lists with your Microsoft account. It's all designed for small business and individual use. Start by creating and sharing your list with your work colleagues, partners, your dance team or your neighbors. You might create a list of books or movies or podcasts for your monthly meetings, track home improvement and important receipts throughout the year, build out team rosters for your sports team or volunteer group. At lists.live.com, you can get started quickly with ready-made templates. Use filters and views to visualize your information, which means you can have one list with many views. Then you can share your list as links to get other people's thoughts and work together. You can do a lot with lists. The ready-made templates save you time or start blank and add in exactly what you want and how you want to track your information. It's super flexible and great for playlists or media lists, for books or movie clubs, event itineraries, team rosters, anything you can think of. You know, I have a couple of things coming up that require me to think about all of the different additions, subtractions and possible multiplications that I want to be doing in my new role. And with that, I couldn't think of what I would do if I didn't have those written down and stored somewhere. So the nice thing about lists is I not only have to not use something that's not designed for keeping track of information, like, I don't know, a random piece of paper on my desk that I will wind up losing. But I can also add it to the list and then share it with the people that I'm going to be working with. So when I talk about all the different TikTok dances that I want to learn, I can send that list to Kathy and say, which ones are actually going to be manageable by my 30 plus year old body? Please help me. And me being a 40 year old will say, this is easy. Let's do it. I also like to using Microsoft lists for a co connected packing list for the roommates that I'm sharing a room with in Atlanta. It makes it easy and like so accessible across a wide variety of browsers and apps and programs because the other three people that we don't talk about, they are Google phone users and I am an Apple phone. And so finding an app that works together, it was hard. But using Microsoft lists makes it easy to do. So go and try the preview now at no cost. Go to your browser and type in lists.live.com. That's lists.live.com. Sign up, sign in and track what matters most. Check it out and let Microsoft know what you like and any feature requests. Our thanks to Microsoft for their support of this show and all of Relay FM. Thanks. It's time for connection check. Zip. Oh, zap. Zap. Oh, Jay, I think it's zap. That close enough. All right. How did your connection go? This past four days? So just like I didn't say the right word, I did not do my connection. That's okay. Do you want to remind our listeners what your connection was? Yeah. So my connection was to make a list of additions, subtractions and multiplications. And the ideas of that are pretty, pretty simple. Like additions, things you want to add, subtractions, things you want to take away, multiplications, things that you want to like add to greatly increase the like effectiveness of things. And I have an excuse. I'm not going to say it's a good one, but I have one. I've been using one of my older machines this week as I've been waiting for a new machine to arrive and get ordered. So I might be using this older machine for a while. But the issue that I'm having is I needed to get myself back to my like operating state. Like how do I use my other machine that I had to turn in to get like things accomplished? And it took a little bit more than I thought. So I wound up not even really being able to look into all of the new things that I could do because I was too busy just trying to get back to where I was. That being said, I guess you could say that I did make some subtractions because, you know, just because of the nature of my work is changing a lot of things that I thought I would need to install. I just said, hey, I don't actually need that anymore. So I was able to clean stuff out. And also this machine is significantly worse in performance. So there were just some things that I couldn't install because old devices and wanting to make sure I don't like set my computer on fire every time I turn it on or that my internet connection will decide to work for once. Yeah, so I'm operating super minimal, which means that I can't necessarily think about things that I can add to my plate because honestly, adding anything could make things worse. I think to me, it sounds like you're an orange emoji, not the red one that you've done because you did do some subtractions. And everything that you were doing was because of the reason that you were wanting to do it anyways. So it's not like, hey, I did none of it. Like you clearly were working towards it. So I'm going to say an orange heart. OK, I will not argue it. I will say that I could have at least like tried to write down some stuff. Originally, I did. And I got like three lines in and then I was like, this isn't really working. And we'll actually talk about a little bit of that later. But yes, I even if it's an orange heart or a red circle or whatever, it's it's not from a lack of wanting to. It's been more of like, hey, more important things happened. Right, right. Which is OK. And so I have a green checkmark for my connection. That's because I did a very simple one and I'm very thankful that I did. I put up my visual connection tracker. As you can see in a picture in the show notes, I have a fancy whiteboard or unfancy. I don't know. Depends that I will be writing what my connection is. And then I very fancily put that whiteboard on a bulletin board that I use for my like important papers that need to be managed and stuff. So, yeah, it's on my wall. And hopefully my brain will not continue to miss it and ignore it. But at the very least, it's there when I remember that. So I love how it's also connected to the amazing episode out of time like Cortex print. That said, the the light on the packaging for it made it look like it said episode out of time, the co-host. And I was like, I was like, I have more hair than that person. I just I just want to put that out there. But now I want a conduit version of this. So we got to contact Mike's buddy. We could do like a static shock type thing. And then it just says that. Perfect. Nailed it. Yeah. Let's put that put that in Microsoft list to add a note so we can keep it there for future ideas. And we'll continue on with the episode because it's time for our conductor connections. Our soprano of the show, Deborah, says that her connection that is a week late. That's OK. Connections can be late. They can be early. They can be on time. Make it through the intense week of singing for Holy Week. Oh, that sounds awesome. By really focusing on self-care when I don't need to be working or singing. I think you can call me the soprano of the show. Yes, I think we shall. This is awesome because I think it covers two things. One, doing something that you enjoy, but then also doing something that takes care of you when you're not doing something that you enjoy. So, yes, way to go. Love that. All right. Scott's connection, the guitarist of the show, connect, check, green check mark. The recording desk is set up. All of the gear came that I needed to have a separate worky work and fun work desk. I've even started to do some basic recording to learn logic. Once I have any music to share, I'll be sure to share it with my fellow conductors. Scott, I'm so excited for this. I love the photo that you posted in Discord. It looks incredible, or at least I'm sure it's incredible based on other people's comments. I don't understand any of it other than it looks pretty. I'm not going to touch it. So you're great. It's fine. I can't wait to hear your music. And I hope that the new space really inspires you to create something wonderful. I would love a cover of the conduit intro. That would be great. But I'm not going to. Let's not give people work. Our tire advocate of the show, Chinta, says connection check. I got work things mostly back in a reasonable state before vacation and I didn't feel bad leaving for a week. I mean, that's amazing. Also, one of the most relaxing vacations I've had in a long time. Only wish it was longer. Don't we all. That is awesome. I love that you were able to actually relax on a vacation. I think it's the the godfather of podcasting Merlin Man once said like vacations are supposed to be that not just like more work when you're supposed to not be working or something similar to that that sentiment. So as someone who often struggles to relax when they're supposed to be relaxing, I am happy that you were able to do that. And it wasn't too hard to get things back to a reasonable state. So way to go. All right, pathologists of the show. Laura connection check green book. They've moved success. Keeping a list of things she wants to add as she's settling in aqua notes for the shower. Yet another small trash can, etc. I love the idea of having the notes in the shower. That's fantastic. I tend to yell at my echo to remind me, which is another option. There's still loads to do, but keeping the ADHD friendly modifications and tips in mind. So important anytime you're doing anything is to be aware of where you're at, where you're sitting in your brain and being really, really present and aware of that is really powerful. So well done, Laura. I hope everything continues to go incredibly. And then our Oracle of the show, so says connection check green apple. The book has been sent to the publisher. OK, that is awesome. And we need to take a moment to applaud. So I want to know when when can I get a copy? Where do I go? Where do I go? What do I do? All those things. So please let us know. We are looking forward to those things. Yes. Let us know how we can support you in that in the future, because obviously right now you the book was sent to the publisher. We know it's not ready yet, but when it is, let us know. OK, so Deborah's our soprano of the show connection check for this past bit. Sorry for messing up connections, but no, I'm not. Sorry. This is how it's going to go. We're timing because it was late and now we get the check. It's fine. We've got a great check mark, which I think is good because she made it through her Easter singing marathon. Wonderful husband took care of all the meals and they both took the day after Easter off of work for rest and recovery. Hooray for eating. So important. And congratulations on taking a day off after. That's really important to be able to take care of yourself and your family and be able to recharge to jump back into life. So excited. So the awkward dragon of the show, Sky says connection check some weird color heart for me setting the boundary between working on what needs to be done and working for fun and personal projects has two parts. Knowing what needs to be done and being more intentional about task management and setting specific time boundaries for when you're going to work on one task versus another. So this is cool because this gives me like this weird like blue vibe of, you know, it's not quite green, but at the same time, it's so much more. It's so much more in depth. So way to go, Sky. Good job, Sky. All right. Our owl of the show, Kate, connection check, green check or orange circle. And sure, they have completely finished the report they were working on, appendices and all, but haven't done much of anything on the next report. Oh, that. Okay. The connection, if I remember correctly, was two separate connections and they've got a green check on one and an orange circle on the other. Acceptable. Fantastic. I love that you didn't like put, you know, a red X through it because you have done stuff on that report. So you have worked on it. It's not finished, but that's okay. You are in this period of really high stress. So everything that you're doing is enough. And I'm proud of you for asking for help to leave the library in the discord when you know you need to leave and you should leave. You're doing great. And I'm so excited for you. Absolutely. Oh, all right. So our topic this week is kind of the weight and the resistance. So this is the time between starting a new thing and that resistance to act on the new ideas. Jay, you want to talk about kind of where this came up? Yeah. So as I mentioned the last episode, I left my old job and I am starting a new job. I can't can't reveal what that job is just yet. But shortly after this episode comes out, there should be an announcement at some point. And of course, I'm I'm doing a lot of what I was doing before, but only slightly different. And I don't know, Kathy, how many times you've ever had to change like what you're doing or like who you're doing it for maybe. But anytime. Oh, yeah, never. I always only work and do things for one person all day at all times. Exactly. So when you're in that moment, there's like this level of like, oh, we could do this. Oh, I could do that. Oh, there are these things that are possible and these other things that are possible. There's always like so many different ideas. And me being someone who creates content for a living like that gets amplified because it's like, oh, Tick Tock videos, YouTube and podcasts. And all this other stuff. So I got the best advice from my incoming hiring manager, my future boss. And they said, don't don't work on anything. Just just just stop like enjoy this time in between. Relax. Take some some time. You know, me being someone who doesn't take a lot of time off, similar to what she does did like, hey, I should probably actually enjoy my time away instead of thinking about all of the other things that I can't wait to do and start with. And to be honest, that's really hard. So I wanted to I wanted us to kind of to cover that a little bit to talk about, like all the anxiety, all the excitement, all the stress, all the bad tendencies that comes with getting started or preparing to start something new. I don't know about you, Jay, but I like to overthink things a lot of times and just just a little bit. Yeah, just a little just a little for me as well. And one of the things that I've learned over time, and I'm still deeply, deeply working on is trying to stop my brain when it's trying to over plan. Right. Because if I start trying to solve all of these problems before they are even potentially an issue, my anxiety starts ramping up and I have a really hard time calming it down. I wonder, is there is there like, is it because of the urge to put that best foot forward or to make that great first impression, I guess? I think it's part of that. But also, like, I don't want I want everything to go well. Like, I don't want it to be like, I want to make sure that I have everything that I need. You know, the whole Boy Scout thing, always be prepared. Well, I'm going to be prepared, which is why. So I fly on the airplane tonight and I am fairly certain I will only be using maybe 60% of the stuff that I packed. But I also have been actually I'll probably use more of the stuff because I did make a pile of everything that potentially I could maybe use. And then I started taking things away. So like, instead of making a list or using my list in an app that, you know, for the checklist to this is my packing stuff and then you can just refresh the list and it like takes off the checks. I actually didn't do that this time, which was very weird for me. It also didn't help that like our flight changed from 530 a.m. to 930 p.m. Like the day before, so I'm now on a red eye, which is just like breaking my brain because I don't. It's fine. It's fine. Everything's fine. It's going to be great. But I actually when I woke up this morning, I had not packed anything. I think that even in that moment of, you know, you trying to figure everything out and then all of a sudden it's like, oh, hey, surprise. Guess what? This completely changed. I think that's one of the reasons why not overthinking, over planning, overdoing is is such a good piece of advice in this moment. I mean, anybody that knows you're not going to start, I mean, you know, in my case of starting a new role, you're not going to be starting out the gate day one doing all the things that you want to do. You're going to be sitting in orientation. You're going to be getting, you know, as we would call it, death by PowerPoint. You're going to be in Zoom calls or whatever calls you're going to be in, like all of these other things, doing your compliance training and all of that stuff. So it doesn't even like your plans for day one rarely matter. It's going to be, hey, sit in this office, sign a bunch of paperwork, and then be proceeded to begin the first of what will be many annual trainings over time. Yeah, you need to be able to like recognize and acknowledge the reality of what's going to happen. You are not going to be jumping in and supporting customer service on that first day. Like that's not, and you don't, there's nothing that you need to do to prepare for that role that they're not going to teach you or that you already know. So like it's not like you're a brain surgeon that's going to the first day of, you know, brain surgery work without any idea of what, whose brain you're going to surgery. Surgeoning on all of these self expectations that we have and the imaginations that I don't know about you, but my brain will run rampant on. It does it, there's, there's one part of it to like be prepared and be agile in the real way, not in the businessy way and be ready to learn and be ready to do the things that you need to do. But I also know that like for me, I'm going to be in the city of Atlanta. If I need contact solution, I can go to a store or they can door, like I can door dash it to me. Like I, there's nothing that I need that can't be provided somewhere in the city. Like there's no emergency that cannot get taken care of. I'm not going out to the middle of the desert with, you know, the only access to civilization is by a camel. Like it's going to be okay. But my brain, my brain is telling me that I need to pack everything and I can't not pack it because if I don't pack it, it's not going to exist. And I think that's the, you know, there's that one quote of like, you know, in terms of boxing, everyone knows what to, everyone has a plan until they get punched in the face. Like boxers don't train to, I forgot who said this, boxers don't train to knock out their opponent. And they train to fight in the midst of getting like punched a lot. And I think a lot of what makes, you know, any, any form of athlete, any form of professional good at what they do is the ability to like adapt to the situation as it's happening. And, and I mean, we have, I mean, Kathy, if you remember like almost a year ago, we were putting this show together and we were planning all this stuff and we were in that weight between like releasing demos and like talking with, you know, Relay FM about joining. Yes, about joining and or what would happen if we went independent and we wound up basically coming up with two plans. And I feel like throughout the career of this podcast, you know, the year that this podcast has been around, by the way, happy year, the podcast and friends. But like, as we've been working on this for so long, the, the idea of, well, what do we do when this happens? What do we do when this happens? What do we do when this happens? Like, I would much rather just say like, what can we plan up to? And let's pause there. Let's pause there. Once, once we get to that spot, like, sure, Jay, you're starting a new role. Congratulations. I know you have some big ideas. Write those things down. But right now, the only thing that you can plan to is the week of vacation time that you have until your job starts. So don't plan beyond that point. You know, it's good to have in your, in your back of your head or like I said, write it down that way. You don't have to try to remember at all. But outside of that, like, let's, let's not go. Well, here's, here's plan B amendment C, you know, just in case. Well, what happens when this and this and this and all these things happen? That's like, that doesn't help anybody. And, and Yeah, yeah. And, and for, for people that have brain bees and very active anxiety imaginations, it can be detrimental. It can make it so you don't sleep very well. It can make it so you get distracted on all of the other things that have to get done. Like, you, you, It can be more beneficial to learn where your, your brain is starting to break down the planning versus being helpful. It's, it's always, it's always difficult to remind yourself that it's going to be okay. And when to, when to plan, when to plan, when to plan. To take those, those pauses and moments of, of real, real reality. And, and having somebody to talk to, to know that it's going to be okay is also really beneficial. So having Jay here as we were like, you know what? No, I just realized and recognize that we don't need to fully plan out the ending to what this podcast is going to look like in either direction. If we're relay or indie, we don't need to purchase server access for our, if Condo It Becomes an indie show until we know that it's time. Like, we don't need to do that. That's not stuff that needs to be done. And being able to talk to Jay and recognize and realize, oh, this was, this is, this is something that we need to do. Like, we don't need to do this. And so it makes a great idea. It makes a great point about how like traveling as a disabled person can mean taking a lot of stuff and appreciating that packing list is totally different than like my like obsessive place that I was getting because so I have, I have that core list of things that I know I need to do. You know, my contacts, my computer, I need to take my iPad, I need to take the camera gear because I'm photographing things. And so like I have that list of my battery and and charger and stuff, but I don't need to put out. Okay, I need six pairs of socks. I need like, I'm going to take my pink shirt, I'm going to take my yellow shirt, I'm going to take this dress like that doesn't need to be in my list necessarily. Because then I'll overthink about, oh, well, maybe I should put another another shirt and just in case like what if I decide so I mean, I have a carry on bag and my backpack and I have eight different outfits for like five days. Yeah, and, and I, I think that that that's kind of a great way to start looking at like, you know, even wrapping this up of like, we're not saying not to plan, we're saying not to over plan, we're not we're not saying to try to strategize for the next two years of working at a role when you only worked at the last one for 18 months, or, you know, in Kathy's case of being a business unicorn, if, if Kathy had a single playbook for every single company that she's ever worked for, and she had every single scenario thought out and planned one, the playbook would be so useless because you would never find anything like it would just be massive. But then also, it takes away from the ability to be flexible and to be adjustable. I went to Houston and like the first thing that we did when I went to Houston after already being gone for a week was like, hey, let's go to Target, I need to grab like laundry detergent and like some of the other hospitality stuff. And like all the stuff that I didn't think to pack because it wasn't part of my normal packing structure. It was like, oh, okay, no big deal. I'll just go get that stuff. And then now, now that it's happened once or twice, maybe I go, okay, if I'm staying a little bit longer, maybe I need to invest in some of this stuff just to make it better. But I'm, I'm in no way saying that having a plan is a bad thing. I have a plan. I know what I want to do once the time is right to start doing all of this stuff. What I'm not going to do is sit down and say day one, get in, you do these things day two, you start doing it's like, I don't have any control over this stuff. I'm not going to do that. So I'm not even going to plan for it. Right. Yeah. And, and on that, it also like I don't need my schedule to be okay, I'm going to wake up at 6am. I'm going to brush my teeth. I'm going to eat breakfast. This is where I'm going to eat breakfast. Like I don't need to overly plan that right now. Because I have the the the bare foundations of what my day is like, I have specific meetings, I have specific interviews and videos that we're shooting, and I have photo shoots for people that I'm taking their photos for. Everything else right now is kind of up in the air. And partially that's because this past week, I just could not even because I don't know if you know this, but yesterday was tax day. So my brain kind of melted, even though this has been the easiest tax season that we've ever had. And I've been helping one of my clients has been a CBA and I've been helping them for about six years now. This was by far the easiest that we've ever done. But it still was difficult, it still was rough. And so now at this point that I'm getting ready to go, I'm like, Oh, I don't need to plan anything else right now. I'm okay, like I can take each day as it comes. I have the very foundational structures of what needs to needs to happen. And everything else, it's going to be great. Even if all I do is sit and hang out with my friends all week. It's going to be great. Right. And so is your job. You are an incredible human, and you are extremely efficient. And obviously, they want you because they hired you. So whatever expectations that they have, hopefully they will verbalize and let you know so that you can meet them. And it's going to be awesome. I'm excited because I'm actually going to be meeting my team in person on the first day, even though we're all remote, which is amazing. Yeah, that's that's something I can say that even at my old job, I was not able to meet everybody on my team. So like, I'm super happy that like from day one, like, oh, hey, we're all getting together. I'm snowboarding for the first time I am so my body. Yeah, my body is not prepared for this. But I really do believe that part of what will make my plans be successful in the long run is that I'm trying to be flexible and remain flexible. And I'm not trying to keep myself in such a rigid space that, you know, at the first sign of distress at the first sign of something going south, I don't like panic and then, you know, stick my head in a hole. Right, right. And and I think being able to recognize and acknowledge, okay, this is something like I need to be ready to be agile. And like your prep work is being ready to be ready. Yes, Chinta says in the in the chat plan to be flexible. That is exactly what I'm trying to do. I'm excited to see what both of us are going to be doing this fortnight. And I'm excited and nervous and scary and scary. I'm yes, I am scary. I'm very scary. Well, this this isn't even scary. You know, it's really scary having some type of like cyber attack happen to you and not being prepared. Oh, wow. What a great segue. You know what you can do to help that? Check out CrowdStrike because this episode of Conduit is brought to you by CrowdStrike. Here's an unsettling fact for you. 70% of cyber attacks are targeted at small to mid-sized businesses. You might be wondering how serious a cyber attack even is. Well, about half of businesses will become unprofitable within a month of being breached. Cyber criminals know smaller businesses may not have the resources to defend themselves from ransomware and malware. This makes smaller companies an easy target and the ransoms collected can add up quickly. If you want to better protect your business, CrowdStrike has a solution for you. Falcon Pro by CrowdStrike is the cybersecurity. Is the cybersecurity solution your small business needs? It provides superior prevention from cyber attacks, detects malicious activity and offers immediate response capabilities for your business. And it's all fully deployed in just minutes to protect your organization. Falcon Pro provides features like antivirus protection, firewall management, device control and integrated threat intelligence. All in one cloud-based solution. With Falcon Pro, your systems are protected against all cyber threats, not just malware, even when devices aren't connected to the internet. And you can say goodbye to sluggish antivirus scans and inconvenient reboots that delay your team's productivity. Rated 4.9 out of 5 by Gartner Peer Insights, CrowdStrike is the cybersecurity your team needs. Head to crowdstrike.com slash conduit to start a free 15 day trial. That's crowdstrike.com slash conduit for a free 15 day trial of CrowdStrike Falcon Pro. Our thanks to CrowdStrike for their support of this show and all of RelayFM. Thanks. All right, let's get these connections for the next Fortnite. Jay, what's your connection going to be? Not to break any bones on the slope. No. Hey, you know what? I think that sounds like a great idea. So, I'm torn, Kathy, and I need your help and I need the chat's help on this because my connection that I want to have is I'm going to this conference next week, which is where I'm meeting my team. But I also want to start planning a really big event that means a lot to me and is super important to me and the people that I'm planning it with are also going to be at said event. And it's not like anything is happening tomorrow, but I would like to at least take time to connect with them to at least discuss it in brief, you know, take time away from new shiny thing, new shiny job to continue to make progress on something that is important to me. That's that's what I want my connection to be. But I am terrified of doing that because, again, the unicorn on my shoulder is saying now may not be the best time to think about these things. I think I think you can have that initial meetup and make sure that you drop the seeds for the conversation. But I think your main connection should be about the per like the greater connection with your team as a whole, because that's something that like fight maybe some sort of meaningful connection for your connection, not just gay. It's my new team type of a type of a thing. Could be a good conduit connection and then like having the seeds planted for the future event or even, you know, plant the seeds as your conduit connection. How about I at least move the state of planning further? I like that because I like that right now. I don't want to plan anymore for what I want to do, because obviously there's going to be a lot of things that have to happen before we can even start working on those things. But I can identify some of the things that need to happen and at least get that in my head. That way I can plan for what is coming up. So maybe my my connection here. OK, I'm going to write it down. Yes. Yes. Perfect. Thank you, Chintas from our wonderful live stream chat. My plan is to get a plan. I love it. My plan is to plan for the plan that has been planned upon me. You joke. And yet it's perfect. I think that's absolutely perfect. So plan to get a plan is the plan for this connection. I love it. My connection is going to be find and take mini breaks. I know that this week is going to be busy and next week is also going to be busy. And it's been stacked on top of additional busy weeks before. And I'm feeling the essences of burnout, which is not a good feeling. And it's not a good situation to be in. And so I know that I need to empty my stress bucket a little bit so that more can fill in before it overflows. So I'm going to be taking many breaks throughout the next two weeks and making a concentrated effort to really like take that is that is awesome because like mini breaks are like I always feel like I'm taking a mini break. I'm taking a mini break, but then like I'm spending all of my mini break like stressing or thinking or planning or planning to plan to plan. So like being able to say like, OK, let's be intentional about this. Let's take a mini break. Let's step away from the things. Let's address that we're taking this mini break to get away from the madness. I think we should do an episode one day about like what an actual break looks like, because I don't. Maybe I think I'd have to do one to figure that out. We'll add it to the topic list in the future. We're still practicing. Yes, I'm still learning. Maybe someday. Yeah, so let's jump into our connections from our amazing guitarist of the show. Scott says new connection is to find at least one good resource for learning how to record and edit in logic. Scott, I'm not a well, I'm not a musician who records things in logic or edits them in logic, but I have recorded and edited audio in logic before. And also, I know that the what do we call him? The podcasters, professionalists of the Hurley's has also done a lot of stuff. So perhaps reaching out to him on Twitter or you can reach out to me directly. You know how to get in touch with me. My DMs are open. Like, I'm happy to share any knowledge that I have, but also maybe Mike, who has done a lot of stuff in logic, could also help. Or if you find any resources, please share them in break room as well, because I mean, I can always get better at stuff, too. Or in media or in creativity. There's a variety of different places, depending on the conversation that you want to have. We have lots of channels. And in fact, maybe that's another option, too, is going into the podcasting section or going into media or all these other ones and saying, hey, does anybody have knowledge in logic? And maybe someone there can help you as well. Yes, great idea. All right. All right. Chintas, our tire advocate of the show's new connection, is get themselves set up for more regularly working in an office again. After two years working from home, they're currently feeling mentally and practically unprepared for the change. Oof is my initial reaction. I cannot even imagine working in an office at all, honestly, because it's been so long. So I can't even imagine. Like, I hope everything goes smoothly and that they're able to prepare to keep everyone safe and that you're able to make the adjustment and the switch to be as productive as you need to be, but also find ways to make it as comfortable as possible. And also maybe emphasizing that forgiveness may be necessary as you're adjusting to the changes and extending that forgiveness to maybe some of your colleagues that are coming into the office for the first time in a few years as well. Yes, yes. So our pathologist of the show, Laura, has stated that the new connection is another big work change coming up in two weeks. Yay, don't over plan it. But that means, oh, so that plus a move means lots of stress and changes. You want to try hard to remain as present and in their body as they can. Existing in the moment is something that they're terrible at. I think we're all terrible at that. Thanks, Brains. And these weeks are harder than normal. All of the most support and, you know, I'm wishing you the best of luck with that. And again, this is where our community is so wonderful because if you just need a moment of support or reassurance, I'm sure that the break room will come in for you. Absolutely. And along those lines, our oracle of the show is being forced to take a few weeks off, but they don't want to waste them. OK, well, first off, taking those weeks off is not a waste and whatever you end up doing in it is not going to be a waste. Now back to the connection. They want to finish some cleaning projects they've been ignoring around the house, put in some plants in the garden and plan to visit some friends around the country. But first, they're going to sleep for a couple of blissful days. OK, that sounds heavenly. Mad jealous. And I think that even if you only did part of those goals, like one tick mark on that, it won't be a waste. And you'll you can consider it a quote unquote success. We've got an update in the chat that says day one of sleep achieved. So well flipping done. So proud of you, so awesome. Our soprano of the show, Deborah, says new connection, prioritize my work task and tell my boss what I think I can accomplish before a code freeze. That's about a month from now. Oh, this is nice because this is again that that same thing we're saying with chin toss of like extending kind of grace. To ourselves and saying like, let's be real. This is what we can do. And and vocalizing that in a way that others know and understand. I've always seen that be the the difference between like let down and you know, OK, hey, I told people what my expectations were coming out of this. So if I did those rights, then success. I mean, again, that's the difference between a green check and a red X is that you were intentional about it. So there you go. Yep, I love it. All right. Our blue dragon of the show's connection is to complete finals, which are next week and then free for the summer. I'm very disappointed that your connection was not media unicorn, but it's fine. I'll forgive you just this one or learn what the color green is. Come on now. You know that they're never going to use green on anything. I need my connection should be find a color that's closer to green from blue. So our all of the show, Kate says next connection actually start the layout of the next report and make significant progress on the 3D model so that the final two thirds of a week or two or three weeks. I'm not sure what the timeline is on that one of the project can focus on finalizing the drawings in the presentation. Again, this is this is one of those moments where I'm so impressed with how smart our chat is and how like wonderful they are because I got like a third of that. And I know that in the end, there's going to be like some massive building thing that is super cool. Yeah, yeah. And I know that they're doing a great job on it because we've seen bits and pieces of it. And I'm also really proud, like not proud is the wrong word. I'm happy that they're they've been able to break down each of these steps of projects so that it's not completely overwhelming. So that's incredible. All right. Papa Tibbs, Dungeon Master of the show coming in hot with the last new connection of this episode. Explore the epoch of calm as a theme going forward. Try to find some solid ground in the chaos of life right now. Cole what no longer serves him and try to find some new routines that have the flexibility he needs without impacting what he wants to make. I have no idea if I said that word that you have highlighted in the chat or in the in our document correctly. And now I'm freaking out about it. So hopefully it was clear. But whatever, it's fine. That's just how I'm going to say it. So thank you for not highlighting that word anymore. So I'm not obsessing about it, but I'm excited to see what you come up with and what sort of like calling that you are able to do. And and this awareness and bringing things in for what your days are going to look like. If it makes you feel better, I was highlighting it to have it spoken to me to make sure that I knew how to say it. Nice, nice. Fantastic. Yeah. One, I love I love the wording of this theme as it is. It is very dungeon mastery for our dungeon master of the show. And it gave me this like as you begin this journey, like this wonderful by. Yeah, he's got great, great. He knows words good. And is that. Yeah, yeah, clearly. So do I. Conductors, if you would like to submit a connection, you can do so on Twitter by tweeting at conduit FM using the hashtag my conduit or in the relay discord, you can use question mark my conduit. You can also go into the under feedback. There is a channel called Show Follow Up and just put the conduit emoji and it will magically push it into our spreadsheet. Thank you to our magician coder person of the discord, Matty V. And you can also visit relay dot FM slash conduit to become a member today. Thank you to Microsoft lists and CrowdStrike for sponsoring this week's episode. And I think, Jay, now is the time to ask the question. Did we can do it? Well, I've already started planning for the next episode, so I'm I'm hoping that we can did it. But I'm. Oh.