---
description: Jay is blowing the dust off some older machines and Kathy is having space
  issues. It's time for some spring cleaning!
pub_date: May 5th, 2022
title: '22: You Con Clean Things Up'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/22
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we condue our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that tries to keep it clean both on the shelves and inside of our machines. This episode is brought to you by DevanThink. I'm Jay, a Senior Cloud Advocate for Python at Microsoft, and with me is my amazing whooping co-host, the business unicorn of the internet, Kathy Campbell. Hi, Jay. It seems strange that calling me a whooping Kathy sounds like a disease. I don't know if I like that, but I do like your title, which is brand new that you're able to submit and talk about. That's cool. Yeah, yeah. So I just got back from a strange land called Salt Lake City. And it's quite exotic. Exotic was the word I was looking for. I'm doing great. It definitely feels like a strange place to be. But I got to complete some career goals. I got to meet my team. I got to do all the things. And I was actually really, I had a lot of fun. Downtown Salt Lake is awesome. And then you start, downtown Salt Lake is awesome. We'll leave it at that. More importantly, a shout out to all the people that made the event great. And a shout out to my team. But now for official shout outs. Kathy, do you have a shout out? I do have a shout out. Guess what? I found the dragon. What color was it? Blue, of course. Shout out to Skyler the blue dragon, who I got to meet in person at an event. We hung out several times throughout the weekend. They were absolutely fantastic. And it was the absolute pleasure to get to hang out in real life spaces. It was great. I saw the pictures. The pictures were fun. It was a fun weekend. That's awesome. So yeah, everybody in the last two weeks, we've been we've been conning and doing and yeah, double conning and pie pie. Pie conning. Picketing. Lots of travel. Also, well, I have a shout out to I got a message from conduit listener and supporter, the one, the amazing Brittany Joyner, who has gotten a shout out before. But we were I was I was happy to get a message about an event that's coming up, which for those that are professional nerds like like you and I, Kathy, this may sound great. But also it's for a really good cause. It's called the PM 72 Summit. It's a virtual 72 hour project management and event for raising funds for what is called the Malala Fund, which helps to allow female identifying folks in under underfunded areas and places where education is not necessarily considered important for women to do to continue their education, not just in university, but sometimes even into secondary schools. So this is a great opportunity. And the the goal, the event goal is to share the best PM practices and insights as well as bringing awareness of potential tools that PMs might be interested in. And the summit is organized by Jexo in partnership with Resolution and Old Street Solutions and will take place on June 13th through the 16th on Jexo's YouTube channel. So you can see a schedule and events in your calendar to learn more. You can go to the link that's in the show notes, the link that's in the show notes. And nobody wants to type in a link that's verbally said over a podcast. So exactly the link in the show notes. Yeah, but I knowing knowing that Brittany is a part of it and having worked with her and worked with her with like different project management tools, I'm sure it's going to be an informational event. And again, it's a free event where they are raising funds for a good cause. So, yeah, shout out to Brittany. And thank you so much for hanging for letting me know about this. And if you are a conduit member or you have some awesome things that you're doing and you're part of the Relay FM Switch On family, then you can let us know what you're doing at relay.fm slash conduit, becoming a member and joining in the discord and letting us know. Exactly. So where would you go, Jay, to become a member and join this great community of amazing people that do the things? That is at relay.fm slash conduit. Right. And yeah, then become a member. I had I was very confused because I thought I had said it. No, I did not. And yes, you are right. It's entirely possible that you did say it. And if you did say it, then Javier, go ahead and cut all of this out. But I I may have blacked out during that part. It's hard to say. It's going to be it's going to be one of those episodes, which is totally fine. We're so glad you're here. Please don't run away. The best of episodes and you know, you know what actually is some of the best episodes, the bonus episodes that relay FM does during the summer time, which tends to be of fun proportions. But we're not going to we're not going to step on any toes there. But we can't tell you what just yet. You know, I love spoilers or at least setting them up. But Conduit is planning on doing something special and having a bonus episode. And the way that you get those is again by becoming a relay dot FM member at relay dot FM slash Conduit. And there will be lots of fun. And I already see people in the chat thinking about ideas and saying, oh, you should totally do that. And I will say maybe. Stay tuned to see what fun things we have in store. I definitely I'm excited with the schedule. It's going to be awesome. We've got some great things coming down the pipes that I know of for sure. But also what you get from us might be fun. So definitely make sure you are signed up for the special feed that I can't remember what it's called. But, yeah, go to your member full account and get the links crossover. Thank you, Kate. It's called the crossover feed. So make sure you have that in your podcast app of choice for all of the great things that are coming down the pipeline. And you also get to support the show and the network as a whole. And so thank you for your love and support. And yeah, and you may be wondering, who are these random names that we keep shouting out to? Well, those are the people listening live. And if you want to listen live again, you get all of these things by becoming a member. But also these are our executive producers, the people that keep us on the tracks, moving the show along. And now I feel like it's time for them to tell us that it's time for the connection check. Kathy, how did your connection check go? Well, my connection was to find and take many breaks. And I did some of them. I wish that I had done more. But I had it in the forefront of my mind, which is kind of what these fortnightly little mini goals, connections, whatever, is a way to kind of concentrate on something to just really like let that be your purpose for two weeks. Just keep it in your mind. Keep it in your brain. Some of my mini breaks were I'm going to go sit in the hammock for 10 minutes and just kind of zone out. Some were naps, which were great on Sunday morning. Yeah, not yesterday. Today's Tuesday. It's fine. On Sunday morning, I had a total party kill podcast to record at noon. I was up at my normal seven o'clock on the weekends, got up, got my face made up, makeup, all of that, blah, blah, blah. And it was like nine thirty. And I was like, oh, I really want a nap. I'm going to go and take a nap. I could like there's plenty of stuff for me to do. I have. Almost 30,000 photos to look through from two different events, because Saturday was my kids studio, like recital showcase thing. So I have lots of photos from that, lots of photos from the weekend convention in Atlanta, like lots of things to do. But I took a nap. Not only did I take a nap, but I took a nap and did not mess up my makeup like that's how tired I was. Because I fell asleep and I did not move. So I didn't have to redo my makeup, which was fantastic. So I definitely have been working on taking these. I have a feeling this is going to be a connection that I'm going to spread out continuously. Obviously, I'll pick another one for this episode. But I think I'm calling it a big green checkmark because I feel like I concentrated on it and made some choices that I wouldn't have made if I hadn't been actively thinking about this. Yeah, I have a I know that we've been talking about so much conferencing and conning and all those things, but I am now sold on the premise that. Unless it is just absolutely an obscene amount of money. Try to book the hotel that's right next to the conference center or even better attached to it. I took at least two, three power naps, like in the middle of the conference, and I was gone for like 30 minutes and like nobody noticed. And I came back and it was so great. So, yes, great job. And I was even going to suggest that if you didn't do it, I did it for you because I got plenty, plenty, many breaks in myself. Yes, I'm glad that you were able to do it as well. And I need to learn that trick about like sleeping so soundly that you don't mess up your makeup. Well, here's the thing is that just be very, very tired. OK, OK, I think I think I can work on that. Yeah. My connection check was to plan to get a plan. The planning, it's planning all the way down, plans. And I totally did this. This was, you know, even even when we jumped onto the, you know, our little pre-call thingy, I mentioned that it's weird having not worked in like a week and a half, two weeks almost. And in that time, I would get an idea and be like, oh, write that down and then plan to do that later. Like plan, plan to like organize it all, plan to get it all collected for right now. Just write it down. Now you've got it written down. Cool. You can figure it out later. And that was great because at the conference, I got to meet my team and the team that we're supporting. And of course, they had all their plans. So in that moment, it was like, all right, this aligns with my plans and this doesn't align with my plans. And now I need to write those down and think about them later. And they'll they'll probably take priority because they're what other people want me to do, not what I want to do. Yeah, that's really important, though, to be able to, you know, balance what other people want with what you want and kind of how that works with this new goal. Because, again, you know, the planning is great until you start actually doing the thing and then the plan goes out the window. Everyone knows this. And so especially when other people are involved in your plan and you can't actively. Work on what's planned yet, like that makes it all hard. It's it's definitely a challenge of. Having so many things that you want to do and just knowing that you're not going to be able to get to all of them in your time. So, yeah, I think, again, like I said, just not even not even stressing about structure or anything else, just like it's written down, it's written down in my notebook. Therefore, I know that when I need to go find it, I know where it's at. And, you know, once once we get through all the orientation stuff and the new role and you meet with all the people and they tell you what they hope that you're doing. And, you know, it's great to be able to have that that piece of paper next to you and just go, oh, I was thinking about doing something like that. And then you add a little check mark to that thing that you wrote down and you're like, cool, that got more important all of a sudden. I love that. That's a good job. How about our conductors? How did they do? I think they did pretty good. So we're starting out with the nameless of the show. Robert has a green box for us. He goes, I believe I am on time this fortnight with my connection. Yes. Yes, you are. Also, my fiance and I have booked a caterer and scheduled taste testings for the wedding cake. Please invite me. I would like to eat your cake. That sounds I want to go taste testing for a wedding cake. Oh, maybe I can convince my brother to let me go with him. Anyways, hopefully by the end of the week, they will have them all booked. Also, starting to go to showing for a place of our own. Also, photos for the invitations just came in as he writes this, though he did not reevaluate how he uses his journal. He's finding himself using it more constantly. That's great. Even if you haven't like got this main like overhead plan of what's going on, being able to use it means that you're having a solution like that is working out. So well done for that. Also, I'm super excited. Please let us know what wedding cake you choose, because now I really want cake. And also let us taste test. OK, our hex number zero C nine nine B a dragon of the show says connection check something, something, something the color green finals are done. I have successfully completed one full year of uni and bonus. I didn't fail any classes. Yay. Not failing is good. Also, for the record, the redacted part that Jay didn't say is that Sky says that they refuse to acknowledge the tyranny of the color green, which we're going to move right on to cheat this. Their connection check is a shrug emoji because they made it into the office a couple of times and it wasn't terrible. So maybe they'll call that a win overall. Our great tire advocate of the show seems to be successfully wheeling around. I think not being terrible is successful. So good job, team tests. And then our guitarist of the show, Scott, says connection check Greenheart. I found a really great page of resources on Apple's website, and I plan on utilizing it as I continue to make baby steps in recording and editing in logic. Way to go. Also, really excited to hear some of that music. And again, I request the conduit theme song as as a remix. I think that would be great. Oh, yes, I'm here for that. All right, so our oracle of the show has a yellow heart. Their connection was to rest and clean out some boxes and closets. They've rested on most days and was dragged back into doing work a couple of times, but they've mostly resisted. And the boxes in their hallway are mostly gone. They didn't get around to cleaning out the closets yet, but overall, not bad. To me, sounds like it's a green heart there because you did rest and you did clean out. Some of the boxes. So I'm going to say you get a green. Absolutely. And then our developer of the show, Matt, says my connection was deleting files from the VM that our host, our dear friend. Feedback. Feedback. Oh, yeah. Lots of things who ran out of space mid command and gave up on life. Low. The robot has returned. OK, yeah, yeah. You you miss this basically are our amazing feedback information on how how you can get it to work. Yes, Tony, it was a test message, but we're reading it anyways because we need to give all props to Maddy B. Because he jumps in even when laying some floor in his new house, like comes in to fix things for us. And we greatly appreciate him. So this is basically just an excuse to say how awesome Maddy B is. Absolutely. All right. Our soprano of the show, Deborah says connection check, green check, Mark. I'm going to call this a check because I made really good progress on prioritizing and communicating my tasks, even while having a couple of urgent things that came up at work and took away focus for a few days. That's OK, because when as as we just kind of talked about earlier, you know, sometimes it's good to just know that you're you're on task, whatever the task may be. And I'm glad that you are giving yourself the giving yourself credit because the credit is absolutely due. Absolutely. All right. Kate's connection green circle with a question mark without even reading the rest of the show. I can tell you that our owl of the show. Yes, absolutely. Gets the green circle. If you think you deserve the green, then you deserve the green. So they have put together the list of things to go in the report, but didn't start the actual report layout and have worked on the 3D model. Most importantly, today they made a list of all the drawings and images needed for the presentation so they know what to focus on next. Absolutely. You get the green. 100 percent. I'm so excited to see how things are going through. You're making steady progress, which is fantastic. And then our pathologist of the show, Laura, says connection check yellow book. I appreciate the reminder to stay present and grounded every time I saw my connection reminder in my task list. Oh, that's a good idea. I set a daily repeating reminder with whatever my connection is. Otherwise, I forget it exists. Yes. Far from an expert. Always present, but wasn't able to check and take a couple of moments every time I saw it. Orange book because basically only when I saw the reminder, I would like to make this more of a habit. Well, that's how it becomes a habit. First, you have to like have support and then eventually you do it without needing the reminders. So you're well on your way. I say whatever color book you feel would be successful, you have earned it. So fricking lately. All right. Our final connection for this fortnight is Rob, our dungeon master of the show, who has a red circle. Life remains chaos. No solid ground found. We're like clawing from day to day. Let's try again this fortnight. Absolutely. We are here to support you and give you whatever help you need. You are doing a fantastic job hanging in there. Keep on clawing. Keep on swimming. Keep on treading water. Whatever you need to do to keep on going. We're happy that you're here. And hey, you got a green for submitting a connection check. So there you go. The fact that you took time to think about it and even if you only had time to do that, I think totally worth it. And again, sometimes I'm pretty sure at some point we're going to have repeats of connections. So doing them back to back until until it works, I feel is totally valid. 100 percent. So before we jump into the next topic, want to tell us about a sponsor? I would love to. This episode of Conduit is brought to you by Devon Think, the flagship product from Devon Technologies. Devon Think is the most professional document and information management application for the Mac. It's the one place for storing all your documents, snippets or bookmarks and working with them. The integrated AI assists you with filing and searching while the extensive search language with advanced Boolean operators. That's such a fun word to say. Devon Think features a flexible sync system that supports many cloud services or lets you synchronize over the local network too. With everything securely encrypted, this gives you the choice for however syncing works best for you. It has smart rules and flexible reminders that let you automate all parts of your workflow and delegate boring repeating tasks. Let Devon Think automatically organize your data with rules you define. Devon Think's Apple script dictionary is one of the largest on the Mac. There's no part of Devon Think that can't be automated. Extend Devon Think's functionality with your own commands by adding them to its scripts menu. Even templates can have scripts inside and you can set up new documents with data from placeholders or inserted by your own Apple script code. And of course, there's so much more from the iOS companion app to email archiving, scanning or even an embedded web server for sharing your data securely with your team. So as I mentioned at the beginning of the episode, I am starting a new job. And with that, I had all of my notes and totes and quotes and other things to go with my old job. And I needed to make space. I needed to clean it out. And we're going to talk about that in a little bit. But in doing that, it was really easy to do with Devon Think because I just opened up Devon Think. I searched for my old company name and everything that was tagged and everything that had it in the name and everything that had it in the PDF. I just grabbed all of that, threw it in a group and then tucked it away and it could continue to live there, but also be separated from all the things that are going to be focusing on my new job. That way, if I ever need to go back to some of that information, because we know the information, you don't need it until you need it. I it's still there and that's great. And Devon Think makes it easy, so easy to do. And yeah, I honestly that was that made part of this cleaning session that we're going to talk about such a breeze. Amazing. So you can get 10 percent off Devon Think 3 or upgrade to it right now. Just go to Devon Technologies dot com slash conduit. That's Devon Technologies dot com slash conduit for 10 percent off. Our thanks to Devon Technologies for their support of this show and all of Relay FM. Thanks. So, Kathy, we we've been talking about it and I heard you have some computer problems. Oh, my gosh. No, we're not jinxing it. Don't have a problem. Sorry. No problem. We don't have a problem. It's all fine. I've just had to restart my computer twice today and I'm talking very nicely to it. And I have got to do some cleanup from files because my in computer hard drive only has three hundred and seventy three gigabytes out of two terabytes available. Yeah. So that and that's not even talking about the multiple external hard drives that I have going on. I've got to do. I've got to do things. I've got to do something. We've got to keep it going. It's going to be fine. Everything's fine. Definitely. And as something in the show notes podcast chapter, I don't know, somewhere in there, our wonderful editor Javier will decide. I had to put together two bookshelves that will now hold all of our chachkis, which is what I call them. I don't know if there's a better word for them. But in doing that, my partner had run out of space on the bookshelf that she keeps all of her stuff on. And I had a bookshelf in here and very little of it as the picture will show is books. So we thought, why not go and swap? So my old bookshelf is now in our room and it is housing all of her books and there's plenty of space and it's wonderful. Her her old bookshelf is in the office now. And then I had to put together these two massive bookshelves to put all the things on it. And for those that know, yes, there is a Tetris game in the bottom corner. There's also an there's an arcade Tetris on the top and there's a Gameboy that has the Gameboy version of Tetris in it. And there is a coffee mug with a Tetris coffee characters that move as the mug gets hot. Yes. Do you like Tetris? Just a little bit. Actually, funny, you should ask in this session of moving things and having to clean things, we discovered that our TV that we have in our living room actually has the connections needed that I can plug in my old Nintendo directly to it, which means I don't have to buy an old TV, which makes me really happy because old TVs are actually really expensive. But of course, in doing all of this, a lot of decisions were made. And I was like, hey, it's spring cleaning. It just happens to be in May. So we wanted to talk about spring cleaning, but more focus on the devices. I'm just really proud that I got all this stuff that's non-device done so that I can start talking about how I did all of the stuff that's on my actual computer devices as well. The good news is, is that May is still spring. So it's still spring cleaning, as everyone in our live stream chat is pointing out to you, just because like spring cleaning does not mean you can only do it like on the week of March 21st when the Equinox is that? No. Well, it's like, why do you know that? I always know it's on the 21st just because my birthday is on the 26th. And so I always like randomly know that, but I can never it's a spring Equinox, right? That's what it's called. I think with this, the split. Well, except for Ellen, that's true, Jean, you're correct. If you live in the upside down, it is not spring. No, but it's fall. So I wonder, do they do fall cleaning as a thing? No, they probably do spring cleaning just in the November? I don't know. I'm going to stop overthinking that because clearly that's not the important part of this. So I've never really been a huge spring cleaner, but I always want to be like that moment of like, refresh, like that feeling of relief of having things the way that they want to go. And so I always wish that I did more of a spring cleaning thing. So I think doing a spring cleaning of my devices might be something that I can get behind and successfully maybe take some junk off of my computer. Yeah. And, you know, for me also getting this role means that I have device decisions to make. And I don't know if you've heard, but there's this thing called a chip shortage that's still happening, which means I got a fun little message that said, Hey, Jay, do you have some devices that are a device that you can use for a while while we're waiting for your new device to show up? I said, well, I'm glad you asked. Quite. Yes, I do. However, they kind of old and they got a lot of stuff on here. I had, I found data from two jobs ago and was very, very concerned and confused with the state of things that I had left this device in. Oh dear. But what are some tips from, I guess, from the perspective of Kathy, you work with lots of folks and I'm sure things get left around or left around digitally. How do you, how do you wrangle all that stuff together? That's a really good question that I don't really have an answer for other than the fact that all of this stuff kind of has its own little segments. So most of my clients will have like a separate like Dropbox area or Google drive or, you know, whatever that is only available through a particular like login or email address. So it's all pretty segmented. So in the event of being finished working with somebody, I just, you know, delete that lock in and I no longer have to deal with the stuff. However, it's not everybody and it doesn't take care of my own things, which are also a disaster. I do keep it fairly organized, but I have a hard time of getting rid of things. So like I probably don't need the files from when I switched from a PC to a Mac, which was 11 years ago. I probably don't need most of those like random documents, places. That's not that, that, that I don't think I need that. I think I can probably get rid of things. Just, just a little bit, but I do love that you, you have like step one stuff that doesn't need to be on my computer. It doesn't go on my computer. It goes in the box that the person wants it in, whatever, whether that's a Dropbox or a drive box or a one box or any of the other boxes. I think that that's, that is a good move. I wish that, I had multiple places to just dump other people's stuff. It seems like I'm constantly downloading and like, Oh, let me just download this thing and I'll only need it for that one day. And then, yeah, three years later, it's like, Oh, that's still here. So I definitely love the idea of like, if I can limit the amount of how much stuff is coming in to begin with, or if it is coming in, it's going into like a shared inbox that you can quickly unshare yourself from when you need to. I really like that idea. Yeah. That's a really, like, I try and keep my desktop fairly clean and I try and keep my downloads folder fairly clean, but there are definitely, let me look at it right now. I've got, like, for example, I have our super secret STICKERS files from 2021 that are still in my downloads folder. Should I put them in the place that they need to go? Yes. And in fact, I'm going to put those right now. Look, here they go. Now I know where they are. So I don't lose them because of course nobody on the who's listening to this podcast knows how to spell. So we're fine. But I also think that that brings up another topic of like, and I, we've had a few people in our chat mentioned this already of like, it can't be a once a year thing. Like, again, anytime can be spring depending on what part of the country or what planet you live on. So therefore just make all the times spring cleaning. And I think there is definitely a, you know, there are techniques or strategies for, you know, hey, I set up a monthly thing or I set up an automation or, you know, for me, that's how I do a lot of this is I have robots and processes and automations and scripts and I push the button and things disappear from the ether. And if I needed it, well, I hope I will get it again in the future because it's gone. Yeah. I think there's also a matter of like, you can make it fun. Like I think that can you, I think you can. I think there's a difference between, oh, I'm going to put this in the archive folder and I'm going to banish this to the pits of Mordor. Like you can definitely bring some excitement into, oh, it's time to clean out the cobwebs and the spiders that may be living in them. And, you know, gamify it. I pick on productivity systems and techniques all the time because I think that as absolutes, they don't necessarily work if you're only doing that. But I do think that turning things into little games to give yourself the ability to say, hey, my goal is to throw, you know, to make 15 baskets. And by 15 baskets, I'm talking about a basketball reference. And by doing that, I mean, you got to put 15 things in the trash. And if you can do that, like if you can figure out like, oh, hey, let me set this up so that the next time I do it, it's easier or that, you know, I really don't want to do this. I don't want to put this in the trash, but maybe it's something that I've been holding off of doing. So let me just do it. That way I don't need it anymore. And then I can put it in the trash, like find ways to make cleaning your digital clutter at least remotely interesting. Yeah. I don't know what that looks like. I should try and figure that out. But like I it's it's so hard because a lot I know that a lot of my files are photos. A lot of the stuff on my computer are photos for clients and other people. But I also have a bunch of junk that I know I'm never going to use. I used to collect like digital background, like things for like digital scrapbooking. So like different patterns and colors and like random letters that I can like put on things. I literally hate the look of all of it. So why would I I'm not going to use it again. And if there's something in particular that I need, I'm not going to go look through these folders and see what I can like find to. It's just not going to. I don't need them. It's taking up a lot of space that I don't need. And I do think that there are definitely some technology like tips and things that we could talk about. I don't have any specifics, nor am I prepared for them. But I will say trust, trust in backups, trust in archiving, trust in your digital filing cabinets, like the one that's sponsoring the show. I do think that when we talk about the idea of cleaning, I mean, sure, I had to take stuff off of one bookshelf and put it on another bookshelf. And part of that was getting rid of some things that I was like, you know, this, this just doesn't Marie Kondo anymore. So I'm going to thank it for its service. And then I'm going to toss it in the trash. And I really do feel like there is a way that just the more you can, the more that you touch the things that are on your system with the intention of getting them off of your system, I think the easier and the longer you have to go between these spring cleaning sessions. Yeah. Yeah, I think that's a good idea. And I think too, it's important to remember that like, it's okay to get rid of things that you may not like that you, oh my gosh, what if I need this in the future? If it's digital, there's a good chance that you can just grab it from somewhere else, like that it's stored somewhere else, not just like backups, but like, like Kate, Kate found some power PC games. Those might be worth something digitally one day. NFTs aren't important anymore already. So like, I think we're safe. And I think it's, it's so hard to get rid of things. I don't know about you, Jay, but I'm very much a a hoarder for a lot of things. And I'm working on getting better. So join me in getting rid of the stuff. Absolutely. And just a friendly reminder to our neuro atypical friends, object permanence is a thing. If we don't see it, then it doesn't exist. I think that we have to think about that as a strategy for making the things that we need to do something with visible, but also a reminder that if we get rid of it, and it still exists somewhere deep in the depths of again, in the depths of Mordor, it can, it can still live there. I really love some of those like strange offsite backup things that you can use that are just like, I have collected every podcast recording, all the raws, all the things, and it costs me like 65 cents a month to collect. And I never think about them other than when I have that one little scriptable that says all this junk in that folder that lives in a server far, far away, and I don't have to think about it. And yes, friends, I know that there I should have those backed up in multiple places. But if I'm being real with myself, a lot of that is me keeping it because I really feel like I want to keep it not like I necessarily need to keep it because it is backed up in multiple places. It's on the Apple Podcast directory. It's on the podcast platform that I use. And then I have these backups just in case. So it's definitely one of those moments of sometimes cleaning it doesn't mean deleting it. It just means it's sending it on a very extended vacation far, far from where you are. Indeed. And it's all going to be okay. Right? Right, Jay, it's going to be okay. I feel like you need some you need some reassurance. You want to you want to like learn a new a new thing that I just kind of made up all of a sudden. Sure. Okay. It's really cool. If it ain't mine, why do I have it? Oh, if I don't need it, why do I have it? And if I have to have it, how do I make it so I don't have to have it? Oh, I like that. I like that. Yeah, getting rid of the things like the the the mental graviness, like, oh, I need to keep a hold of this because no one else has it. And what if my second cousin once removed needs this random scrapbook template? They they they don't need it. They don't need it. And you can maybe save a link to it or again, send it to a place far, far away. And then if they do ask you for it, just tell them it's going to be about a month and you'll dig it up when you can. Yeah. Then they'll realize that they don't need it. Sounds like a good idea. All right. I think that we are going to have some really strong connection checks for this next fortnight. Kathy, you got something? Yeah, I am. My goal, my connection is to get rid of 100 gigabytes of stuff. Oh, you you you smarted it. You gave it a number. I did. And I use so I use CleanMyMac a lot. I have it set up to remind me to get rid of all of the stuff. But also the really handy drop down from CleanMyMac shows like how much is it like how much space is available, all of the like memory, like how much memory is running, how much like stuff in my trash and my CPU load and all of these like fancy, fancy numbers. But it can tell me like how much space is available. So I am going to get rid of 100 gigabytes. I think you totally can do that. And if you need help making it so that you don't only get rid of it, but you keep it gone, you know where to find me. We'll we'll set up all the fun things. And my connection is going to be something similar. It is going to it. It is going to be to set up at least one new rule that will regularly delete all of the crufts that I gather from day to day. And I've I'm kind of cheating a little bit because I know what this looks like. And I know how to do it. But I haven't done it. So therefore, I need to do it. And maybe I'll even share it in a blog post if our tire advocate of the show will kindly remind me. But I am I'm I'm definitely in the position now where I don't know how long I'll have to use my own devices. I know there's going to be a whirlwind of new things coming down the pipeline from new job. And I just have to remind myself if it ain't mine, why do I have it? If I don't need it, why do I have it? And if I have to have it, how do I make it so I don't have to have it? Mm hmm. I love that. Yes. Let's do it. And I also think we have some connections for the upcoming fortnight from some of our conductors. We do. All right. We're going to start with the nameless of the show. Now that they have settled into the job, they're going to start looking at what it takes to get to the role that they want to stay at long term in this company. Make conversation with the people who are working in similar rules and see what, if anything, is the difference in skill level between them. They want to start preparing themselves to move to the next role in 2023. But to achieve that, they know that they need to do the legwork in 2022, make a timeline of what needs to get done in May for the wedding as the big and obvious things are now secured. Oh, that's a heck of a connection. I am so excited at you not just looking at what actively needs to happen for the wedding, but as the larger overarching goal for your future too. That's really impressive to be able to balance those two things. Make sure you give space for both of them as well to make sure that you are giving yourself any grace that needs to be done too. So I look forward to seeing how all of this goes and how all of it works. We are here to support you, even if you are nameless. Yeah. I love that this covers a lot of things in the short, medium, and long term. Definitely, you can do it. If you need support, you know where to find us, and you know where to find our amazing community of folks who will give you all of the memes, gifts, and pet pics, and all the other things that make that a little less stressful. So speaking of our tire advocate of the show, Next Connection from Chinta says, to make a first pass at organizing my crafting gear, I've been putting it off for a while and realized that perfect is ending up being the enemy of good in this case. Also addendum, remind Jay to make a post about his talk. Oh, goodness. Yeah, it's so mad props to you for remembering and realizing that perfect is the enemy of good. That's a really important reminder, and I'm really hopeful that you can do it. Yeah, you can. Sorry, I was adding because as we've mentioned before, we record this episode live and every so often, some lovely humans post their connections in the chat, and I want to make sure that we get them. So doing that right now, and now we're going to hop back up and Scott, our guitarist of the show, their connection is to take baby steps. He has a few small ideas that he's recorded, and he wants to use the resources he found to start playing edits and effects, the raw audio already recorded. So proud of you for concentrating on the baby steps. It can be really overwhelming if you start thinking about the larger project and forget, like just do a little thing, little thing. So I'm super excited to hear what you've created and see how awesome it can get as you keep learning, especially if it's the conduit intro remix. Stop trying to bully people into giving us fan art. I want the art. Our blue dragon of the show says, new connection, create my out of school summer routine where I can allow myself to relax while still getting necessary work done. Yeah, I again, planning to plan. I like it. I like it. Might I suggest just writing it all down and not thinking about it and then coming back to it and being like, what was some fun stuff that I wanted to do? And then just doing it. That sounds like a fun plan. Sounds great. All right. Our Oracle of the show, so their new connection is to slowly ease back into work, but to stick to the part time work schedule they're supposed to have for health reasons and to clean out that closet. Absolutely. There is a reason that you're on a part time. Don't let your brain tell you otherwise. So keep going, work a little bit on that closet. You can do it, but also make sure you take care of yourself. And our newest conductor and still not named. And also let us know what you want your of the show to be. Water brine says next connection, begin identifying the schleps tedious and unpleasant tasks. Ooh, that's a good word. That sounds like zap almost. Anyway, begin identifying the schleps that I need resolved in my life and could possibly turn into a service for others. Oh, and there's actually a link there. I'm very much in the process of charting a course for the next phase of my life. So important to, to, to chart, but be aware of the plans and identifying the schleps slips as slaps. That's a fun word to say. All right. Our friend of the show down under Ellen says it's been a minute. Her boss left a couple of weeks ago, leaving her the single point of knowledge at our company on how to do a lot of quite important things. Her connection over the next little while is to start documenting her standard work processes so that they have a little bit more redundancy than just her. And so that she will be able to take the holiday at some point in the next year without everything falling over. Holy cow. So stressful. I can only imagine. So proud that you clearly are doing a great job because you are there and have all of that knowledge, but definitely let's get some redundancy because you deserve a holiday. Yeah, you do. Also, I love that you are embodying the third part of that is if I don't have to have it, how do I make it so I don't have to have it? And that includes knowledge. Like if, if, if it's taking up space in your brain, you can put it somewhere that it no longer takes up space in your brain. Awesome. And our soprano of the show, Deborah, says, next connection, making progress on my tasks at work and be a good partner to my husband. Oh, and taking care of all the household tasks for now while he has a minor ankle surgery and recovers from it. That's, that's awesome. That is, that is very much the, I, as much as I want to do the other things, I got to do the thing now and putting all the other things on pause and still trying to make a little bit of progress at work, but also understanding that some of the others out there need you. Yeah. And that priorities can change day to day, especially when big situations like, Oh, I don't know, ankle surgery come up and affect your day to day life. So good job on recognizing that. And you can do it. All right. Our owl of the show, Kate's next connection, the report and presentation are due the 20th through the 24th. So it will be flat out working for the next two weeks to work through the list and actually finally put together the second report before the deadline. We know you can do it because you're doing it and you can get it done. And I'm super excited to see the message in the discord that says you submitted it because it's going to happen and it's going to be great. And you're going to pass with flying colors. I don't even know if it's a pass or fail or like graded or anything, but clearly you're going to do awesome. So it's going to be great. You can do it. Our pathologist of the show, Laura says new connection, enjoying my two weeks off from work, meaning actually relax some and get lots of unpacking done, catch up on life tasks and get ready for my new job. I'd like to write down what all I did, including relaxing things every day. I think that's awesome. Yeah. Like not just doing the things, but remembering that those things exist so that when the moment of relaxing needs to happen again, you know what you can do. Yeah. And I think also reminding yourself of what relaxing things that you've done can be helpful and really benefit you in the future when you are like, oh my gosh, I'm doing so much and I'm not getting anything done. And then you recognize, oh, because I haven't taken a break or I did nothing today, but then you see the things that you have done. I think that's really important to be able to recognize both sides of productivity because resting is productive. All right. Aaron, who I don't think has enough of the show, but our, this was during our bot that kind of broke down, but that's okay. Aaron, did you have a name of the show? You put something. I'm checking. I'm checking now. He's writing evil, evil twin of the show. All right. That's that it is officially that he is hoping to finish a lot of the early onboarding stuff on his new job to start getting into things. And it makes sense that you are the evil twin of the show because Jay is also getting started hopefully in the new job. So I love that. I'm super excited to see how the progress goes on that too. And finally we have our rails of the show who submitted one under the wire, which means I don't know what the actual of the show is. And I'm sorry, but rails are rails of the show says new connection, very stressful period, big crunch time got uni assignments and exams submitted on time. Yes. Then I get to be done for uni for now. So hopefully no resets then onto the next connections in the future crunch as much as we wish it weren't a thing is still a thing. And I want to give you all the supports and know that you can do it. Absolutely. Besides you con joined the live stream. So that's fantastic. Well done. You instead of, you know, as soon as we end it, you're like, Oh no, I forgot it. So great job. If you'd like to submit a connection, you can do so on Twitter by tweeting at conduit FM using the hashtag Mike conduit, or in the relay FM discord with question mark, Mike conduit, visit relay.fm slash conduit to become a member today. And a special, special thank you to our amazing folks in the live stream. They kept us going. This one's been, this one's been fun. And cleaning is definitely a topic that people tend to shy away from. So we got extra love and support from all of our friends. But also a thank you to Devon. Thank for sponsoring this week's episode. Kathy, did you, did you con clean it? Not yet, but I can do it later. Okay, that seems to work for me.