---
description: 'Conduit Cares and Gives Care. We''re talking about caregiving. Caring
  for others and Caring for ourselves.  We hope you''ll care to to listen to this
  heartfelt episode. '
pub_date: June 16th, 2022
title: '25: Caring to Care'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/25
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we condue our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that gives you care for your accountability. I'm Kathy, and as always, I am joined by my caring co-host, Jay. Hi, Jay. Who cares? Oh, I do. You do. I do too. I totally care. And that kind of gives you a hint on to what our topic is today. But of course, you will also know that because it's in the title of the show, whatever the title. We don't know what the title of the show is right now, but that's OK, because we're going to move straight into shout outs. Jay, do you have any shout outs for us? I do have a shout out. Sadly, I made a goof and you deleted the name. Jay. So someone. Oh, my goodness. If it was you, you can know it's this person. It's. Oh, Rob, our dungeon master of the show, our wonderful dungeon master of the show. I just rolled a one on intelligence, apparently. But our dungeon master of the show wrote to us saying, just to say this show is something special. It really lifts the darkest moods, the hope and support you offer and the culture you've built around it is lovely. Thank you, Rob. Also, Jay is scatterbrained today. If you want to know why you should become a member at relay.fm slash conduit. What about you, Kathy? So I have a huge shout out to Dave, a.k.a. Railsie and Tony in the Discord for checking on my connections and holding me accountable. It really helped me helped push me this past fortnight to do the things that I needed to do. And I can't wait to talk about those. So, hey, zap, it's time for a connection check. Hey, that's not fair. I didn't have people asking me about my connections. And if they did ask me, I wasn't in Discord, so I would have seen it anyway. Exactly. Exactly. So, like, you can't set expectations that you don't verbalize and expect people to read your mind. I know it's a surprise. It's shocking, shocking. But do you have a connection check? Yeah. So last fortnight, I hinted about a project that I've been working on. Actually, it's a project that I've been working on for some time now called diversity orgs.tech. The idea is meet up for underrepresented people in tech. And it makes it so that you can find groups that cater to you and the group of people that you associate with, whether in well, I guess in life and stuff. I don't know. I'm still working on the pitch. But basically, you could search for things in your area and get results of groups in tech that are focused on supporting you and people like you. And I said I was going to be able to talk about the thing. So I did technically talk about the thing after we record this show. I'm actually talking about the thing to the greater group of my team, the people that I don't work with on a day to day basis. But sadly, I wasn't able to publish or make it fully live yet because I have a surprise training last week, which was not fun. So, yeah, yeah, that's that's basically how it felt like, hey, I've got two weeks to knock this out. And then all of a sudden it was like, I've got one week to knock this out. And it was like, I got a few days to knock this out. And like, there was a lot of knocking out because I was tired and I knocked myself out and went to sleep. That was about it. But the good news is, is you still have two days before this publishes this episode publishes. So I can do something. I will. There will be updates to it. It will not be live yet. But I will say it is pretty close to being live. I had some stuff pop up at like the last second that I kind of needed to take care of on it that slowed it down. But I don't know what my next connection will be, but I will be talking about this in the future once it's live, maybe not on this podcast, but on you will be talking about it on this podcast, whether you want to or not, because I want to hear more about it publicly. So, yeah, sorry. I had to fix those Portland search problems. What about you, Kathy? What about you, Kathy? Yeah. So I my connection was to call the two different people that I needed to call and make appointments. My first was for pest control. Some of you may remember the saga of the spider and that provided the impulse after getting pushed like I knew I needed to do it. So they came today and they are the same pest control company that my father has used for like 20 years. And I got the same tech that works with my dad. So upon meeting him, the guy that came out, we were talking and talked about my dad and he recognized where the name Nandor came from. So I got to introduce him to our flag means death that he didn't know existed. So I'm very excited for him. But because I was a referral from my father, they also didn't charge me for this initial call and just made it like the regular type pest control call. So basically, I only had to pay half as much as I was expecting, which was really beneficial because I had it last week. I've paid almost a thousand dollars on my car, which was not expected. So I was very happy to have any sort of discount. And now they're going to come out for free if I have any additional issues with spiders specifically. And they'll come out quarterly to redo all of the treatments on it. And it's a really great deal. And they're super nice. So I feel really great about that. And then the other appointment that I had to make was for my job, because when I open it, it hurts. So good news is if I open my mouth with my jaw to the right, it doesn't hurt as bad. But it still hurts, which is good because I have my appointment tomorrow. So I go to the doctor tomorrow and we'll see. It's a new doctor, which is not great because I love my doctor, but she's super busy. So we'll see how this goes tomorrow. Yeah, I'm going to need you to take care of your jaw. You can't you can't come on the show and talk if they're going to wire your mouth shut because your jaw is all messed up. So it's true. It's it's very true. Yeah, hopefully, hopefully I'll have a good answer. So, yeah, maybe I'll update the show notes when the live when the episode comes out. Yeah, one also shout out for discounts. Yes, you can never have enough discounts in life. It's very true. It's so absolutely true. And not speaking of discounts, but speaking of money, we know that Jay cut that shot. Why am I cutting things? Javier, cut that. Cut that. Not Jay. There's a strange. There's a strict Jay is not allowed to edit the show policy. I know it's true. You're really not allowed to. But speaking of editors, because I'm just going to put that in, Javier is currently as we speak now. So when you hear this, it will be done. Editing the member special, which will be published on Friday, June 17th, which is just a couple of days or ignore that, which is where you will find something very joyous and exciting and happy to listen to with Jay and I and Alex Cox from Roboism. And then the lovely Julia Scott and Tiff Arment from Make Do, Do Something, which should be fun. So apparently Javier keeps laughing hysterically during the edit. So I hope it's good. Please to enjoy. And if you'd like to be a member of Conduit and support us, Jay and I directly, and also in doing that, you support Javier. So like it's a three in one deal. You can go to relay.fm slash Conduit and become a member. You can become a monthly member or an annual member. Either way, it doesn't matter. You get to hang out with us and support us, but also hang out with our friends in the discord. Jay, what happens in the discord? I don't know. I haven't been there in a while, but, yeah, but you know, there's lots of japs. There's lots of empathy and support and fun times and happiness. And I will just take the moment to also second what Kathy is saying, not to make this Kathy's other amazing show, Ro-o-ism, the show about robots and isms, but. And tech. And tech. But Jay is a corporate shill. He works for the man, whoever the man is. And Kathy is all super independent and Javier is our amazing editor. So support the show, not for Jay, but for Kathy and Javier, because they're amazing. And I love them both because they make me sound smarter than I am at times. So yeah, do that. Support the show because otherwise, Jay will be mad at you for not supporting Kathy and Javier. Don't don't make Jay mad at you. And Jay hasn't had bread in a while, so he's angry. But every episode we like to check in about accountability, or we like to check with accountability and find out how our conductors did. When you're ready to share your connection check for the next episode, you can either tweet with the hashtag my conduit or hang out with your buddies in the discord and become a member and visit the show follow up channel. And then if you use the conduit logo at the start of your message, it will automatically pull into our spreadsheet so we can read your information and have it connected to your of the show name even, which is really fantastic. We love it. Jay, let's get started with our conductors connections. Yes. And we need your of the shows if you haven't given us one yet. So we're going to start with the casserole of the show. They said a very late connection check, Green Checkmark recorded a pilot podcast with three other people. We want deets. We want the details. We want to know the who, what, when, where and how we can listen to it. But they are super excited about it and managed to get it edited before the weekend ended. Yes, I'm always looking for more podcasts to add to my amazing list. I was just telling someone earlier that their podcast helped me make that grueling drive from San Diego to Los Angeles. Recently. So, yeah, congratulations on the new show. Definitely. And welcome to the conductors. And if you don't like casserole of the show as your of the show name, too bad. Just kidding. We will absolutely change it if you want. We have just kind of throwing things in there. So let us know if it's not actually what you want. All right, Chintas, we've missed you, friend, our tire advocate of the show. Made three new to me dishes this week, and they're all things that they would repeat. Roasted eggplant with a panko crust. Yes. Soy brined eggs. Yes. And grilled cheese with kimchi. Thankfully, all three of those are able to be made gluten free. So, Jay, you can learn how to do this. I think it's time to do the next connection, Jay, so you don't cry about the gluten. Skylar, our gluten dragon of the show, says connection check. Final draft will hopefully be done tonight, but is not quite done. However, the project has been pretty fun so far. So, OK, got to get stop thinking about bread. Since you called Skylar the gluten dragon of the show. Oh, I meant the gluten dragon. Oh, Chintas, don't worry. Yes, it was painful for us. But also, I would love to have you share the recipes because all of those sound really good. I would even eat the grilled cheese with kimchi and I don't normally like kimchi, but I would totally eat it. I love kimchi. But yes, back onto Skylar's. Yes, Skylar, congratulations. I'm glad that you're having fun with the project that you've been working on. And also, I can't wait to learn more about it in the future. Absolutely. And technically, you still have two days before this is published. So let us know in the discord how you do when the episode comes out. How about that? All right. Drew Petriello, also known as Ryan's brother of the show, coming in with their connection check. He says he did dip into the oh, no, what does that say? Oh, into the break room every day, even if only for a second shout, I am fulfilling my connection. It's Petriello. Oh, I didn't say it right. I apologize, Drew, Ryan's brother. Ryan's brother of the show. Listen, if you don't give us a name, we got to make. Oh, OK, I did. I did do it right. OK, good. We got to make a decision. And that's what we did. And I don't think you're in the live chat right now, so you can't tell us otherwise. So for a whole episode now, it's going to be Ryan's brother of the show. So I am very proud of you, though. Oh, is he part of the show? It's entirely possible that we did not update the spreadsheet. Who would have done such a thing? I don't know who on the show is really bad at updating things. No idea. Yes, you are right. Let me put it into the spreadsheet right this second. So someone doesn't. So this doesn't happen again, basically. Someone that we know has a good of the show name, our oracle of the show, Soph says connection check, yellow heart. They've been meditating three times a week and it went fine. But exercising, that did not happen. I mean, hey, we got there. You got there with meditating and exercising. I mean, I probably should do that too. And I have not. So I will join you in the commiseration of only getting half of it done. But you got half done, which is more than I can say for my project. So good job. Yeah, and I think half of that connection check is a green heart. So you're practically winning. That's what I'm saying. 50% rounded up is 100%. It's true. It's really true. Yeah, Soph, we do our best to not get a yellow. Sometimes it has to happen, but we try your best. You got to acknowledge the wins in there instead of making it all a failure because you're not a failure. And you know who else isn't a failure? Our dungeon master of the show, Rob, says ground found, treasure map built, the expedition commences. Now, I'm going to be completely honest here. I have no memory of what this means. I'm pretty sure this is a D&D thing. It's entirely possible. And see, if I had been more with it, I would have checked the past one to re confirm what it is, but I didn't. So instead, we're going to move on. Speaking of Petriels, our fancy music boy of the show, Ryan, Drew's brother of the show, says connection. I need to send. Wait, what? Oh, I broke it again. I did the wrong thing again. Did you do it again? I did it again. Are you good? No, I'm broken. OK, so I'm good. Are you sure? Maybe. OK, Tony. No, give me a second. All right, so we broke Jay. No, Jay broke himself. I broke myself. Our Tony of the show, Tony, which is why I laugh because I was like Tony, our Tony. I was like Tony, Tony, Tony. Tony, the Tony of the show, says I haven't been setting connections because of reasons, but my connection for this fortnight is to start getting ahead of things enough that I can take a small vacation before the summer is over. Javier, please leave all of that in. But also, Tony, I do hope that you can begin to get ahead of things. Try not to overload yourself, though, but you got this. You can do it. Absolutely. And we're here to support you through that, whatever piece of it begins, because guess what? You can't fail in connection checks. I mean, I can, but. Well, I wasn't talking to you. All right, Kate, our owl of the show, their connection check says no rating this time. Didn't do what they wanted to do due to other. That was a lot of do do. Due to other things that happened, including meeting with their tutor today, that went awfully. So instead of trying to fix a connection check, we're just going to give Kate a big hug and send so much love with consent, of course, to them and hope that their day get better because you are valuable and what you produce is lovely and wonderful and you're amazing. I feel like I needed Kate's connection check and your words of affirmation. So I just swapped out Kate and put my name in there, too, because I have been struggling very similarly. So thank you, Kate, for being open and transparent about it, because we all need to hear things like that from time to time. Definitely. Our water brine of the show, water brine says connection check, yellow heart. I've been working on accumulating schleps. Going has been slow as life keeps throwing unanticipated or requests. It's like everyone we're going through it right now. The side quests. It's as the tick tock says, I need a white chick with a nose ring to tell me what the stars are making this day, the weeks, the way it is, because most everyone I talk to has been having issues in so many layers, so many ways. Yeah, just all the unanticipated things. OK, well, in that case, I will give water brine all of the supports and again, with consent hugs to also know that you can do it. Absolutely. I think water brine's of the show name is going to be H2O of the show, because that rhymes and that makes me happy. But if you have another of the show name that you would like or prefer, let us know. Just make sure it's salty since it's a water brine. Wow. So you also, Jay, if you can look at the last line of this, does that look like a connection check? I think no, it doesn't. So while you're deleting that, I'm going to go say, Railsie of the show connection check yellow circle. Their connection has been delayed and is totally not a failure. We love hearing that you are not a failure at all. Some side projects are written and they've signed up to an IT and programming training course. Just not started. Signing up is great. But Uni, I almost said Uni, not the right word. Uni has given them a free exam certificate, so they got something to do. Heck to the yeah, our train enthusiast of the show is killing it. I'm so proud of you. And I'm so happy that you're here in the live chat with us today. And also, if anyone from Uni wants to give me a free pizza oven, then please do so. Same, because homemade gluten free pizza is way better than any of the deliveries. Just saying. All right, so now that we've had some laughs and lost our mind, just a little bit, let's go to the topic, which is less happy and exciting. But really, really important, especially there's been a lot of things going on. A lot of heaviness in the world and a lot of issues and concerns. And one of the biggest things, especially with COVID, because of course, as you know, COVID is not real and over. So all of these things are totally fine. But in the case, in the event of it not being over and you need somebody to help take care of you, as well as a variety of other things, including normal parenting, normal life, disabilities, and all of the things. We're going to talk about caregiving today. Kind of what that means, how it affects your life and your productivity. And also, like the constant heaviness that happens with caregiving, however long it might be. If it's a short term event, a sickness that somebody has or something longer term, like kids or anything else. We just want to kind of talk through it. It's been a lot. Obviously, the last few years have been a challenge. But as we've kind of talked about, taking care of ourselves is hard enough. But when we have to then look at the needs that we have and also balance those with the needs of those around us, we tend to struggle with finding time to do all the things. And I think more than anything, there are just so many different ways that we can give care, whether we're giving care to someone who has medical needs, whether we're giving care to someone who is just kind of in a spot and needs virtual consensual hugs and all of those things. Or even just giving self-care, which tends to be the thing that is the first thing to be given up in those moments of like, oh, there's so many other people we got to help out. And we immediately start ignoring our own needs. For those of you that don't know, my husband had a stroke in 2010. My journey of caregiving, in addition to taking care of my now husband, who is considered disabled, I've also been raising a child. He has undoubtedly been helping and supporting, but there are some things that he physically cannot do. And our kid was 22 months when the stroke happened. So there's a lot of age and growth and caring involved in that journey. And then also before that, he was a stay at home dad to our kiddo. So that change and what it means to support a caregiver also is interesting and difficult and kind of a conversation that actually Jay brought up because of the changes that him and his family have been going through. So do you want to talk about that a little bit? Yeah. So it's been about six months, but my partner and my wife was let go of her job due to the ongoing pandemic things happening. And in that moment, I became the sole financial provider. And I want to highlight the financial side of that only because since then, I've gotten a new job and all these other things. And my wife does so much to provide and just taking care of our little one during the day. Also helping to keep the house in order, because if it were just me reminding me to eat, I will say my wife is probably a better caregiver for me than I am elsewhere. But in that moment, I understood that when you're around a three year old all day long, when that becomes your coworker, your colleague, like that is mentally and physically exhausting. And in order to provide space, I encouraged her to get into a bunch of different social things. And since then, she's done a lot. She's joined a trivia team. She's gone through study and all these other things. And she's on a softball team now, which is great. And I'm super excited about all the stuff and wanting to support that. But I also can say that because of that, now what we're having to do is basically one on one our child where during the day, it's mostly her and during the evenings that tends to jump on me, like, you know, becomes my responsibility. And what we've kind of learned is we're both just really, really tired. And then when you take in dietary changes and things like that, it becomes even worse. So in that moment, you know, as we talk about providing support and care, you know, for me, it's just a level of like emotional and physical support. One of the things that I've started doing is really trying to make sure that if I don't have to be in the office all day, that I take some of my working time and work from the living room work in some of the chaos that is a three year old running around just to provide a little bit of support. Um, but even then, like we can only do as much as we can in those moments. And, um, luckily, this is, this is a different kind of care and a different kind of issue. And we're privileged in many ways to be able to do this. Um, you know, we are in a situation to where my income can provide financially for the household so that, um, and, and she wanted to take on full time, uh, parenting or I guess full time, I don't know what the phrase is like. Child caring. Yeah. Full time child caring. Um, so, you know, while, while this isn't something that it's not a situation that we were forced to be into, it's still a situation that we have to adjust to as things change. And as you know, with the, with the toddler, there's always things that need to be changed. Always. As soon, as soon as you think that, uh, your child, you've got your child figured out, um, they change and grow and become more of a child. And you're just like, what is going on? Oh, funny, funny tangent. My daughter was getting dressed and was arguing about what she wanted to wear and gave the best response, uh, today, which was mommy, I'll be okay. And I didn't know what to do. So I just kind of laughed a lot, but it was like the most adorable yet, like, non, like non-answering answer I've, I've ever heard. I was just like, Oh, what do you do when that happens? And again, that's, that's where not making it feel as if we're doing things one-on-one, but we are still a team, even though oftentimes it is kind of a, only one person in the room at a time because of other things that we need to take care of. Um, yeah. Um, one, one of the things that I was thinking about specifically when we were talking is, is how much you are loving and supporting on your wife to allow her to make sure that you, cause, and I'm not saying of course, not all men, um, but there is a societal acknowledgement, um, that the bar for male parents can be seen as fairly low and, you know, Oh, I'm going to go to the grocery store and I'm going to take the kid with me or no, even, even better. I'm going to let my spouse go to the grocery store by themselves and I'll watch the kid for, you know, the hour that they're gone because I'm a good dad. And it's like, or you could take the kid and go grocery shopping and let mom stay home or, you know, the other parent. And obviously anyone can be a good parent or bad parent. Like it's, this is a, a general societal recognition. Um, and it's, it's really funny because so when I would talk to people and I would make comments about, you know, back when, um, my husband was the stay at home dad, I actually had some moms say, wow, you trust him with your kid. To which I would kind of stare at them for a moment and they'd be like, uh, yeah, he's a hundred times more patient than I am. Why would I not like what he's such a better parent. Um, and also, yeah, just like Tony said, it's his kid too. Absolutely. And we parented together. And even now we are, uh, parenting our, our kid is 13. They don't need as much watching to make sure they don't, you know, lick a wall plug, um, or something, but like there's, there's a level of figuring out what you need as a person in relation to the partnership that you're in, whatever that partnership look like, looks like, whatever that caregiving team looks like too, because your kid, oh, yes, needs care. Yes. Needs to be watched, but you can figure out ways that they can give you back pieces that they need. Um, but also recognizing, like I'm so proud of you for being able to recognize that. Yes. Your wife needs time away from the kid. Like hands down, great. You were worried about doing this topic. I know I get it. I understand. I see you. I acknowledge your concerns, but you're doing great. However, at this point, you also need to figure out how you can get your self care as a priority as well. So something that happens weekly. So when you get done with work, you can also hang out with friends that is valid and necessary for you too. And it's not selfish to also need to take your own self care. Yeah. And I will, I will definitely throw out there that even, even doing this, having, having these moments of, of we'll call it friendly non-therapy. In many ways, ideas. Exactly. Um, this, uh, there are things that I tend to do that are kind of like monthly, uh, mostly just because other people and schedules and things, uh, it's always a challenge, but I do try to find time. I think the, the hardest part of this, um, is as human beings, we are very routine driven. Um, so it is, it is much like the second the routine breaks, the second the pattern stops, if something changes, we then have to go into this hat, this like mode of like, okay, make it a routine again, make it a routine again. Like do we either get rid of the thing that's breaking the routine or introduce it as part of the routine from now on. Um, and lately there've just been so many new things that have happened. And I think that that is, that is the hardest part, I think of new care giving or giving care in new ways is the changing, the changing structure that you guys are currently going through. So I'm hoping as I look at my schedule and know that there's a lot of travel involved, um, less is less than originally, but still a good bit. Um, one of the things I am looking forward to is I know at the later on in the year, I'm actually going to be, uh, with my family, our entire family is going to be, uh, in, in the Southeast for like an extended period of time, like over a month. Uh, and one of the things that we're really excited about is my daughter will get to hang out with her grandparents and her great grandparents a lot, which gives us time to kind of recharge. Um, so I'm like looking forward to that break in the pace, but I also understand that that's going to be another break in the pattern. It's going to be another thing that changes. And there's so many of these things that happen from time to time that I wind up feeling as if I've sacrificed my once a month thing because something popped up or, Hey, we want to do something for Father's Day or which I will say happy Father's Day because this will come out right before Father's Day and a shout out to all the fathers that are out there, but also doing nothing on Father's Day is valid. Yeah, a hundred percent. Absolutely. Absolutely. Freaking literally. Um, I'm also going to say that you need something that happens more than a month, like more than once a month, you need something weekly that happens even if it's just a self date and you take yourself out, I don't know, on Thursday out to dinner and read a book or play games by yourself. Like sticking that on the schedule for weekly will help because if you can, if you can have moments of like not feeling that guilt and more practice will help. So I think I found your connection for the week, but I will say this, that I have had a lot of, I have had many years of experience and it's been a roller coaster on my own journey of caring for myself while I care for others. Do you think that it should be, and now I'm just asking you questions. Yeah, totally fine. Do you think that it is like a one to one, like for each moment, for each level of care that you are providing to someone else, you should do that for yourself as well. And I don't mean necessarily like if your partner, you know, takes up six hours of your time to do a thing, then you need to go and recoup those six hours, but maybe give yourself a something that will feel as if you gave yourself six hours. I think it's important to have these communications with the people that are involved because like I, there is not a correct answer. There's never going to be a good reason for like, oh, like if you start, you know, okay, so I gave you 32 minutes so you could run and get, like pick up something from a friend. Like if you start like using Timery. I was going to say timing our wonderful previous sponsor. Yes, also option. Like if you start like nickel and diming the crossover care, that can become a big issue because you're going to be using that kind of as an argument or like another reason to get into conversations. But starting with seeing to a point where either both of you are unhappy because that's how you know, you know, it's a great compromise, but more importantly, where you can like figure out a good way to like really, if you at the end of the week, ignoring anything that's like super traumatic that's happened like for a good week, if you both had a good week where you had some time to be yourself and not be an employee or a parent or even, you know, a spouse, because it's a, you know, a joint relationship, hopefully. If you feel like you can find yourself in that, in that at some point in that week, you can learn, okay, I need more time to myself on Sundays in order to get ready for the week, or I need to figure out how to get through by taking time on Thursdays. That's part of the reason why I go to crow working on Wednesdays, because by getting myself out of the house, I am not responsible for feeding and watering my husband, aka, making sure like he has full water bottle and like doing his coffee, that's all on him. And he can do it, but it takes a lot more energy for him. So I like being able to do it during the week. I like being able to make things easier for him. It's kind of that spoons theory. He has fewer spoons in the day than I do. But having a day where all I have to do is worry about myself and Nando, of course, because he comes with me. But like, I get the joy of like, choose, like getting takeout for lunch. Like, that's a big deal. Because I have a kitchen here. Why? And like all of my food, why would I order out? You know? So it's figuring out what you need and what type of self care is going to be beneficial, can help you balance it. You can start by like having a goal of like a one to one ratio. And then but paying attention on where you're at to make sure that both of you are having the time. Yeah, I did say that in somewhat jokingly, but I think that there is a benefit to thinking about it in terms of like, you know, right now the chat is joking about like whether or not we have time re-timers for how much we were helping others versus helping ourselves. Which I mean, hey, that sounds like a good connection, too. But also, I think that there is a value of if someone is not used to the idea of treating themselves 2011, if you get the reference, you get it if you don't. But also being able to say like, OK, just like we get those little annoying screen time notifications that are just like, hey, on your phone, you used 45 minutes of this. It's like you spent this many hours this week thinking about others and you spent significantly less. Not even like a week, but significantly less. Not even thinking about yourself, but recharging yourself. I know there's that thing about like sleep and trying to recoup sleep. That is not possible. You cannot regain sleep that you've lost. Once you've lost it, it's been lost. And I think self-care isn't like that. You do have the ability to say, I can start taking care of me now. And do it in ways that I should have been doing for a long time. And I think the sooner that you do that, the happier you will be in those moments. That being said, I am talking to myself now because I am horrible at doing this. And that's why we're here to remind you to do it. But also like recognizing and remembering to do it to yourself when you're supporting somebody else in it can be really helpful. So if you, I don't know, just as a random thing, Jay, if you're checking in on me for some reason, check in on yourself too and have that reminder. I probably should start my shortcut timing that I've done that I did for a connection in the past about how my day went. I stopped that for a while because it was starting to overwhelm me. And I was feeling pressure to where I would just say, click the do that I've done it and then just not push the button because I didn't want to know how my day was going. So I probably need to start that again. I just imagine myself, and this is how you can tell that I have children in the house, or I guess child in the house. Well, I don't know, I'm a child too, I guess at times. We've watched a lot of turning red. And every time I think of like, oh, try not to get angry because then you'll turn into a giant red panda. Yes, there have been many times and I feel like some of them have even happened on this show, as we've been recording, or as we've been preparing and doing other things. We're like, I immediately popped into like red panda mode for a second. And then it was like, hey, you're doing that thing. And it's like, oh, pop. Okay, I'm good again. I'm good again. We're back to normal. But yeah, I think the only way that you can do some of this stuff is by just identifying it. And I love one of the notes that you put in into our show notes that normally are empty, because I'm supposed to do it, is like finding the pain points and like acknowledging them. Like finding those moments where you're like, okay, caregiving is cool. However, when this happens, I go into red panda mode. And I need to figure out how to make those things happen less. Well, and maybe not even happen less, but happen. Because you can never get them to completely go away. You will always find new pain points. There will always be days that you stub your toe and the whole world is over versus the days where you stub your toe and you're like, that was funny. Okay, moving on. Recognizing that this is not a problem that can be fixed and acknowledging the fact that these solutions and tools that you give yourself will probably have to change if you can pay attention to them. They'll have to change fairly often to become different. And also trying new things and new ways, not thinking that this thing, if I get a new notebook, it's going to fix this problem. But the notebooks are pretty. I know. And then it will sit on the shelf and not use it. I get it. But figuring out just like Chinta said, they said, I'm trying to get better at recognizing when I'm approaching my limit rather than after hitting the limit. This is exactly what I'm trying to say. Exactly. Finding, like, you know when you've turned into a red panda. So this Bruce Banner moment, you won't like it when I'm angry. Exactly. Exactly. So if you can learn how you feel before you hit that complete, like, wall, it's amazing. And you have one life if you can recognize that. Last week, I, my anxiety for some reason was super high. Everything, nothing I did was done, felt like it was done right. I was disappointing everybody in my head. All of the frustrations, all of the anger issues. At one point, I like went to say goodbye, good night to kiddo. And I was just like, hey, can I have a hug? Because I needed a hug. I desperately needed a hug. I had a day where like one o'clock in the afternoon, I was like, I'm not working anymore. Like, this is not working. Nothing is going the way that I want it to do. And I went into bed and I read on my Kindle because I knew that I was useless to do other things that I needed to do. And then this weekend, I got to do some really fun things that was that were great and helped empty out my stress bucket. By going to the Renaissance Fair and I hung out for book club and I got to play with alpacas. And I had dinner with my parents and friends that I hadn't seen in a year. We've met, we've talked online and stuff, but I hadn't seen them in a year. And then I had a friend sleep over that I, like I've been friends with for 20 years. Like all of these things were great and they emptied out that stress bucket in a way that was fantastic. However, the, what's it called? Like the amount of like water or the amount of pan and the thing for any incomparable game show listeners. I have no idea what you're talking about. The volume, the volume in my bucket, the volume in my stress bucket was still really, really high. So even though a good chunk of it had gotten pulled away because of a good weekend, it was still so high that dealing with the situation with neighbors filled it up to the brim again. Yeah. And I think that if we want to segue into connections, I think that is probably what mine will be in some way. But all of this to say, as usual, we've taken a topic and we've expanded beyond the idea of what you would expect and flipped it on its head to make it, hey, if you're caregiving for others, if you're giving care for others, make sure you're also giving care to yourself. Yes. And if you need help figuring out what that is, contact us, let us help you. And one of those things that you can do is through our connections, because it's a way to get accountability between ourselves and others and being able to become better versions of ourselves and better, not by being more productive necessarily, but by being happier and supportive of others. How's that? Does that work? I like it. Perfect. All right, Jay, what is your connection going to be? Find what brings joy. People that know me know that there is a game that I play a lot that I think if most if you ask most people what brings Jay joy, you would probably guess that. And yes, I'm talking about Tetris. What? Tetris? What? No, what? What? Funny, Tetris is and has been for the longest time medication. It's been a stabilizer. It's not been a joybringer. It's been a preoccupant. It keeps me thinking when I don't want to be thinking and I don't have to think about things. So I need to find something that brings joy. Like not not just this brings me down, this mellows me out, but no, this makes me happy. This makes me smile. This is something that I can do when I need that moment of self-care. Yes. So yeah, that is that is my connection for this fortnight. I love it. It's a disaster. And one of the things is my office. Um, it became like my closet holds all of my photography gear and there's a lot of it. And it's pretty much just piled in there. Um, I need to do something about that so it doesn't like fill my desk. Like if I could show you behind my, uh, chair, like I can't roll my chair back too far because it's going to have a pile of, um, like camera gear behind me. So my connection is going to be do something with my office closet. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. Not too overwhelming, but, uh, a good enough connection to kind of work forward and we'll see what happens. And if I am having an emptier bucket week, maybe I can do more, but no pressure. And with that, let's check out our conductor connections. So our first connection is from our tire advocate of the show, Chinthas. This says, uh, Oh no, there was an injury. My daughter fractured, um, their ankle this afternoon. So, uh, new connection reorganizing the next couple of weeks in order to make sure that you can properly transport her. Uh, yeah. And heart cause fractured ankle does not sound fun or painless. That sounds painful. Um, I'm, I'm sorry for your daughter, but also, um, good on you again, good parenting. Uh, we support all the good parents out there that are willing to, uh, provide care to give care, uh, in moments that, uh, are required. Uh, also what a timely, uh, podcast episode. I was going to say, don't you dare say what a timely ankles like fracture. That's horrible. No, I would never, I would never in my, in my head, I, I'm not going to lie. I was like, Oh, what a coincidence. We're talking about caregiving. Like, message me with all of your vitriol. Or put it in the live stream chat. Yes. Uh, all right. Skylar, our blue dragon of the show, their next connection is as the new semester starts in August, they want to start making small steps towards reorganizing both physically and digitally and getting ready. I think that sounds great. Don't set too many expectations. You're there's so many things that you're not going to be able to plan for the show in August because we're still in June. So, but getting that, that transitional period started is great. So great. And our playwright of the show drew says in an effort to continue being better at socializing online at least once a week, this week and next, you like to set aside half an hour to be on discord and other social platforms while samurai Jack plays in the background. That, Oh man, that sounds great. Samurai Jack is amazing and such a good show. So at least the original one, I don't know about the remake. I just don't know, but I think that's great to be able to give yourself a time, a specific time and kind of a reward thing for you to work on this thing that you're, you are clearly trying to get better at. So I love the incentive of watching samurai Jack while you get to hang out on discord. Like that sounds, sounds pretty fun. Yeah. We're excited to hang out with you more. Is samurai Jack the one with the kangaroo? Cause that's all I think about. I don't actually know what it is. Oh, you have to watch samurai Jack. That's your new kid. I'm kidding though. Earlier you said alpaca and I was hoping you were going to say a llama so I could go, a llama. I mean, I'm trying to, so it's my friend that has the alpacas and I am trying to convince them to do llamas, but they won't because alpacas are actually the better, not better. They're both great, but like they have the fur, but also so many cool things. Like, did you know their poop is like one of the only animals that doesn't have like hot poop? So like it's, it's cold. So you don't- Meanwhile, so far Oracle of the show. My turn. Fine. So our Oracle of the show, their next connection is continuing to focus on that exercise goal of twice a week. Eventually they want to push it to more, but taking it one step at a time. I love this because you're concentrating on just one thing and being able to hit that goal without pressure of having a second goal that you're working on too. I think, let's just say you can do it. Our fancy music boy of the show, Ryan says, I need to send a bunch of emails to some public school teachers this week. So hopefully I can get a private studio up and running over the next couple of months. Again, we have the coolest people on- They're so cool. The coolest conductors. And then also maybe start looking for a part-time jobby job. Both of these things are little and big steps to being around people in a professional environment again. So that hopefully you can get back to your orchestra job that you took a leave of absence from. I mean, again, one, you're awesome. Two, you're cool. And three, you can do it. That's freaking lately. All right, Tony, our Tony of the show, hasn't been doing connections because of reasons, but his connection for the Fortnite is to start getting ahead of things enough that he can take a small vacation before the summer is over. I love this. Most importantly, knowing your limits. There's no like obligation to have connections. We love and appreciate every single one of these and every one that you do. And we can't wait for the day that we have too many that we have to pick and choose, but that's not right now. So the fact that you knew your limits enough to not make connections and then come and have a connection that's going to be awesome for the next two weeks, super proud of you. Can't wait to hear how it goes. And I'm so excited for your vacation. Our owl of the show, Kate says they got a resubmission for a project in early July. So going to be working down the list of what the tutors want to see and get everything ready for that. Not to make light of the stress that the tutors have been providing. But when I read this, I thought tutors as like the house of tutor in the British family. If I hope that when you hear that, Kate, you will look at them and be like, oh, the snooty little tutors with their tutor, British Britishness about them. And we love all of our British listeners, especially the one with the weird beardy beard that keeps us employed here. Yeah. Who is currently in Dallas and hopefully will be home soon. Yes. All right. Water brine, our H2O of the show, their new connection is to identify a functional someday, maybe capture habit. They often get sidetracked and lose the forest for the trees. Ooh, honey. Yes. That is a real concern, real, um, real special. Uh, and I hope I can't wait to hear what you figure out and what you've tried and what you can, uh, uh, end up doing, even if it's just end up doing for now. Um, I am excited to see what happens and chugga chugga chugga choo choo. Our train enthusiast of the show, Dave Rousey Brown says no new connection. Uh, just going to enjoy this vacation and see how it feels and see how they feel afterwards. Uh, maybe sign up for a relay sponsor to work on fitness. Um, maybe work towards a little fun quiz game that they've been scheming. Funny. You should mention fun quiz games. Did I tell you that if you become a relay FM member today, you will get to hear our fun little quiz game that we got to do. Um, but Dave says we'll see. Uh, that sounds like a connection to me and I'm excited to see how, uh, your vacation goes and the times that you can, you can hang out there. Uh, but your, uh, new connection can always be hanging out with us in the live stream chat. Uh, we love to see you. It records, uh, I'm not going to do conversions necessarily, but there is a great app called else when that can do that. Um, but we record on every other Tuesday, uh, starting at 1 PM Pacific. Um, so yeah, and there, of course you can, in the discord, you can sign up for the live live stream pings, uh, which are great. Um, and let you know when all of the live stream chats happen, not just for one. Um, but it's a great bonus of the discord to hang out in the live stream with your friends listening at the same time for all of the things. Uh, and, uh, with that, that's all of our connections for the week. If you would like to set, submit a connection that will be read on the next show, uh, you can do so on Twitter by tweeting conduit FM with the hashtag my conduit or hang out with us in the relay discord in the show follow up channel, uh, using the conduit logo and then sticking your connection in there and it'll go into a spreadsheet that then gets transferred into the show notes that Jay is no longer allowed to edit. Uh, so hang out at relay.fm slash conduit to become a member today and support us and everyone at the incredible relay FM switch on network. Uh, and with that, Jay, did we conduit? I couldn't give a care if we did or not, but we did totally did totally condid it.