---
description: This week we have a special guest to talk about their new project, their
  old project, jay's projects, and starting, stopping, and gambling on projects....
  (if you got to know, you know.)
pub_date: June 30th, 2022
title: "26: The Content Dragon Appears! \U0001F499\U0001F409 "
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/26
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we condue our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that reaches for the sky when you're stuck on the ground. This show is brought to you by Setapp. I'm Jay, Senior Cloud Advocate at Microsoft. With me is not our usual unicorn. Kathy is taking some time away, given all of the stuff just happening in life and around things, so make sure you send unicorns and hearts her way. But I did manage to call in one of my favorite podcasters on the internet right now, the of FMD, also known as Find My Dragon, and a new show that we're going to talk about, the one, the only Sky. Hi, Sky. Good morning. Are you proud of yourself for that joke? Because I thought it was a good joke. But yes. The pun. Hey, I had to think on my feet. You could say we're trying to elevate the show a little higher. Anyway, let's jump into shout outs. Sky, I think that you had a very good shout out. I think it's the only shout out, but we're going to talk about other stuff too later on. Take it away. It's my only shout out. This was mentioned on Upgrade this week, and I think it's an important thing to mention. AbortionFunds.org. This week has been very stressful for a lot of people in the US, and a lot of people outside the US, honestly, our fundamental human rights have been attacked. In order to fight back against this, there might not seem like there's a lot we can do, and sometimes there isn't a lot that we can do. Right now, I think the most important thing is to donate where you can, be an activist, be out there. A very good website that I've seen is AbortionFunds.org. I think there will be a link in the shout outs. Check it out. I believe, personally, abortion is healthcare, and bodily autonomy should be a fundamental human right. If you disagree with me, so be it. That's my belief, and I think that's a lot of our beliefs in this community. AbortionFunds.org. Check it out. That's all I've got to say about that. I would be super sassy, but that's what Rocket is for, I guess. But no, you're right, a thousand percent. Abortion rights are healthcare. Abortion is healthcare. There are a lot of reasons that people choose to do things, whether we agree with them or not is, one, not our business, to be quite clear. As a parent, I do everything in my power to, one, to educate my child that people do things for whatever reasons they choose to do them, and it's not our position or our place to question them and or limit them in any way possible. That being said, yes, I second AbortionFunds.org. And also, if you know somebody that is impacted by this, give them a hug. I think there's not enough, I mean, with consent, of course, I think there's not enough personal outreach to those folks that are affected most in these moments. And I think while we're all upset or feeling whichever a way about how politics have gone, let's not think about the politics of it and let's think about the humanity of it and let's think about inhumanity, those human beings. So yeah, if you know somebody, give them a hug. Do what you can to support them. I always tell people, if you're not sure how to help, ask how you can help and do the exact thing that they tell you and nothing else. And if you feel like doing more, ask how you can help them more. That said, let's move on. I'm going to update our, I'm going to caveat our doc a little bit and jump to a thing that we just did recently, which was our RelayFM membership episode. The RoboConduism, it was absolutely a blast to get on a show with Tiff Arman, Julia Scott, Alex Cox, and of course, Kathy, and play a game that I think it would be taboo to say its name. But we had a great time. And if you are a RelayFM member, then absolutely go check it out. You will learn that Jay is not that great at these kinds of games because I live in my own little bubble sometimes. And of course, yes, when to quote Steve in our follow up, here's a special little bit here. The topic was, I don't remember what the topic, oh, the topic was haiku. The clue was specific to a culture that certain white men get very obsessed with. And Jay's answer was jam bands. That's not a bad answer. I mean, it's really not. And given that I know some of the favorite musical types of people in the family, it made sense to me. But I will say that ultimately it was a blast. So if you are, like I said, if you're a RelayFM member or you want to become a RelayFM member, go to Relay.fm slash conduit, become a member there, and then go download the whatever that show is. I'm waiting for the live chat to update me. The crossover, I keep wanting to call it Crossfire, which is a 90s toy. That commercial popped into my head. But yeah, the crossover channel and then or the crossover feed. And then from there, you can listen to it as well as many other great episodes of this summer's RelayFM membership drive. Yeah, the episode was honestly really good. It was fun. I never imagined that putting all four or five of these people into a podcast together would be as funny and chaotic as it was. But I had to be careful because I was laughing out loud in public. And that's never a good. I mean, that's a great sign for a podcast, but it's never a fun thing to be that that one weirdo laughing out loud in the middle of a restaurant. So yeah, but you know, it was a very good show. I was sincerely, I was sincerely worried about my health during that show. Because again, when I have a vasovagal syncope, so when I laugh too hard, I pass out. And while that's funny, and it is funny when it happens, it scares people the first time. So yeah, just some some more like feedback and follow up on that. We had some stuff from John Boe who says came for the chaos and boy, this bonus show delivered I would like a bonus show of just Kathy trying to count up points for game shows. Yes, I think that would that would also be fun. Just listened, couldn't agree more. What's what's in the show is in the show from Matty V. And when you make money, supposedly you get a lot of good capitalism. And that's a quote from Alex from Sof and from our train enthusiast of the show, Dave Railsie Brown says, I did not expect the phase or the phrase hentai and power bottom to be said, but it happened. I hope Stephen doesn't hear the podcast. So I was I was I was thinking there was some not really safe words said on that show. So what's in the show is in the show. That said, let's let's turn let's turn our focus a little more to you. For those that don't know, Sky, like give people the better introduction to who you are. So my name is Skyler Blue. I think if I were to describe what I do, so like my my actual job for right now, I'm a university student. I'm an undergraduate. I'm studying mechanical engineering, but that's not what most people on the Internet know me for. I make a couple of podcasts. Um, one, as was mentioned earlier, one was Find My Dragon, or one is Find My Dragon, I still make it. But, um, it's a it's a show where me and a friend just talk about random things. And that's fun. But I just started a new show. And actually, before I get to that, I just repaid my website. It's at I can I can remember the address to my own website. I just remade my website. It's SkylerBlue.net. There you can find, you know, an about me page, everything that I do and my blog, because sometimes I write. But a new podcast that I started recently, which is actually what pushed me to, you know, remake my website, but a new podcast I started, it's called Random Facts About. And it's a one person show. And it's scripted. But it's a 30 minute ish episodic podcast where I just give random facts about random things. And I just released the first just released the first episode. And it was about the presidents of the United States. So if you're if you're interested in that, you can find the podcast at random facts, pod.net. Or you can just find everything that I do at my website. And so that's that's a little bit about me. But I think if I were to define what I do in the context of the internet, it would be specifically I like to call myself a content creator. Whether or not I'm really a professional is debatable. But I create content, so I'm a content creator. So that's that's a bit about me. I love that you like to call yourself a content creator, since most content creators hate to call themselves content creators. Yeah, yeah. We were debating in break room what it should be called. And someone someone came up with content chef, because because on the other end, people like to be called content munchers, content munchers. And I came up with content artisan, which someone said sounded too much like con artist, which I said was on purpose. So yeah, but no, I create content. So might as well. Well, we're going to be talking a lot about the idea of creating content and kind of where we are in those spaces. But I I tell people I embrace the term influencer because I understand that what I do brings about influence in some ways. And it's my responsibility to take that seriously and also use it for good and not for ill. But before we get to any of our topics, I forgot to ask you, are you okay with the zap? Because it is time for the connection check. Do you do you want me to do this app? I would be offended if you didn't. Zap! There we go. I love it. I had to lean back for that one. I had to think about it like, okay, how what order because normally I go Kathy, what do we do? But Kathy did say a big red X, which we know is not allowed. The soup of the show says they haven't touched anything in the office. And that's okay. I think we will give everybody a pass. If things kind of got uprooted this past fortnight, because a lot of things got uprooted and that's it's just definitely not a not a time to be complaining about, you know, some of the things that we weren't able to accomplish. So, Kathy, it's okay. We know you can't do it in your time and we still love you. But what about you, Sky? Last week I said I was going to prepare a bit for the next semester of university. I prepared a tiny bit, which I guess counts, but I'm giving myself sort of the yellow light on this one, only because I'm deferring it to a later date. Because I've got extended family in town and other sort of summer vacation things are happening. So, I was a little bit busy unexpectedly this last couple weeks, so I didn't end up doing as much preparation as I wanted to. But the next semester doesn't start until August, and it's not even July. So, I sort of said like I've got the entire month of July to work on this. So, it's a yellow light or an orange circle. But it's not a failure. It's not a complete success. But it's not bad. Anyway, what was your connection? No, no, no, no, no. We're unpacking that. Come on. You said you did do some. That's why it's a yellow light. That's still success. Even if you were like, I plan to do this, but at the end of the day, it's like, you know, stuff happened. I would still give you... To me, that's a yellow light. The fact that you were actually doing something and then a non-avoidal situation came up that forced you to stop doing the thing. And you were also smart enough to have the wherewithal to be like, I'm going to reschedule this to a later time when, you know, extended family isn't in town and all these other things. Like, no, you handled that better than I would have because I would have been like, well, time to kick back, enjoy family, and forget this ever was a thing. So, no, I give you full props. A full blue heart for that one? Full blue. Well, no, yes, fine. Blue hearts. You can't avoid it now, Jay. I'm on the show. I'm here just to promote the superiority that is blue, the color blue. You're welcome. Ah, very well. So, for me, I mentioned my quest to find what makes me... I don't want to say happy, but like what brings joy. Like, what are the things that I do? What are the things I do in my off time that I find joy in, not necessarily therapy in, like my Tetris habit. And I will tell you, in the past two weeks, I have gone bowling. I have played a ton of video games. I have watched my wife play baseball. I have played or play softball. I've played softball or I've thrown, like, a softball around with my daughter. I have done so many things that are outside of the normal realm of what I would do in hopes that I would find something that I could say just pleasantly brought joy. And while some things did bring joy, I don't think that there were any, like, specific, like, this brought about so much joy. I'm going to make a regular habit of this thing. So, that said, I'm still giving myself the green check mark because I found joy in doing all of these things, but I don't think I found, like, any one particular thing that becomes my, I would like to sit down and focus on, like, doing this as a thing to bring about intentional joy. So, I'm going to keep working on that, but also I did find joy in doing many a thing. That's good. I love bowling, honestly. It's not something I do very often, but it's a fun, fun little thing. I'm terrible at it. Like, I don't get more than about 80 points in a game, um, but it's, it's an enjoyable thing. And I think, honestly, like, when you're talking about trying to find what gives you joy, I don't think it's like, if you think about it, it's not going to be just one thing. It's going to be like, I think the way to think about it, the way that I would think about it is like, what is, how can I do something different and do something fun, but it's not going to be the same thing every time it's going to be something, it's going to be sort of a variety, but that was, yeah, um, finding something and it's the summer, so it's a good time for a vacation. Um, or mini vacation, give yourself a day to go to the bowling alley and throw some balls at pins. So, and I will say that I'm a, I'm a more seasoned bowler. Um, one that I've, I've done a bunch of, you know, Bowling Leagues before for several years and I stopped. And I think that was where some of these ideas came from. They were more of a, did I lose more than I thought when I gave up on certain things? And I mean, obviously, like, we all gave up on a bunch of stuff when the pandemic happened, like, uh, when it started. Uh, and a lot of things just, you know, getting back into like, okay, I can do a little bit more, what are, what are the things that I maybe missed that maybe I can bring back in and maybe they will replace, you know, something. Uh, there was a question, there was a comment in the chat that says, I sound like I want a new Tetris. No, that's the thing is I don't want a new Tetris. I Tetris has its place. Like Tetris is the thing that I play when I need my brain to be preoccupied, but I don't want it to turn off. Um, what I'm talking about is a thing that I forget where I am. I forget what I'm doing and I am in just pure elation. Like I have friends that do this with like yoga and stuff like that. Uh, me not so much. I just sweat and I'm in a lot of pain when I try to do yoga. Um, I am very in the moment in those cases. Uh, but I want something that I feel like I can disappear in, but do it in a way that's pleasant. And when I come back, it's not coming back dreading things. It's coming back being excited for the experience that I've just had. And I mean, like I said, I don't know what that thing is. I don't know if that thing is a thing, but I do know that I have identified several things, including being a mentor, working with others, collaborating with people, doing projects, creating content, all of those things bring about joy in some way, but they're not the thing that I can say when all else fails, like a guitarist will pick up the guitar, make some riffs and forget where they were because they were there now. And they're like sent to this new world where it's like, I'm making my music, I'm doing my thing. I'm enjoying this moment. That's what I'm looking for. And I know that it's not a guitar because I've, I play the guitar and like, that's just not a, that's not the thing for me. Railsay asked, and I had to, I have to pass on this question. And I think I know the answer if you're a more seasoned bowler, but do you put the barrier up or down on the, because some bowling alleys have, I used to call them bumpers, but they basically block off the gutters. So you don't, you can't get a gutter ball. I would, I would get yelled at a lot if I played with bumpers. I'm a 200 average bowler. Yeah, that's a lot better than me. So yeah. I used to, I used to play with bumpers. I used to find an excuse to play with bumpers because usually in bowling alleys, they only do it for small children. And so like, I would find an excuse to like go bowling with like a younger cousin so that we would just keep the bumpers up the entire time. And so I couldn't do that bad. Cause otherwise I have a chance that I will end a game with 20 points. So, cause I can't bowl, but anyway, but yeah, finding the thing for me, I think that thing would be, I don't know, there's a lot of different things, but I find if I need a break, it's a good sort of mental break to, I don't know, books do that for me to be able to escape the world for a minute. But it's, it's different for everyone. And what you said about guitarists is true because I used to play guitar and I don't anymore, but it is, it's very much a different world that you can escape into when you do that. Yeah. And when you come back, it's not like, oh, I'm like, I'm back. It's like, no, I'm back. Like, oh, that was fun. I really enjoyed that moment. I can take that into the rest of the day. Speaking of the rest, we have plenty of conductor connections. This is going to be a really weirdly paced show, but I'm here for it. We're doing the find my dragon thing where we go off on tangents and we keep going off on tangents. And if we don't control it, this is going to be a two hour long show. So exactly. And we have a sponsor read at some point that we have to get to. So let's start with our soprano of the show, Deborah. She says that I'm a couple of days late on this connection check. I got everything set up for going back into the office. After all that, I ended up not being assigned an intern, but I still had to go in three days this week for other reasons and got a bit more out of it. Oh, Kathy did the thing to me. That's not fair. No, no, I think this is on purpose. Okay, cool, cool, cool. So that was an older connection. And then a new connection was made in the last fortnight was make sure the house is ready for parents to visit in the end of June, clean the kitchen in the bathroom, and then make sure the guest bed doesn't have any in progress projects piled up on it. And there's another connection check that says got everything ready and prepped for the parents visit that starts as we're recording, I guess tomorrow. I don't know when this was posted, but awesome. I do love the deadline of like, I've got all these things that I know I need to do and I have to do them by this time because otherwise people won't have a place to sleep. But whether you use that as fuel or you were just more determined than I would be, congratulations. Next connection, our hydration of the show. There's two here, but I'm going to go with the second one because I think that's the connection check. Our hydration of the show water brine said they mapped out the areas of their life, they mapped out their areas of life in their system and have a place for their someday slash maybes. The system isn't efficient, but it's there so I'm calling it a step forward. I like that because honestly, whenever you make a system and I did this with, I used to do daily journaling and it's like, you can stress so much about making the system perfect, but the most important part is that the system is there. And so yeah, the system doesn't have to be perfect, it doesn't have to be efficient, but yes, having that place for your, as water brine calls them, their someday slash maybes. That's great, honestly. And that's a whole green apple for that connection check. Awesome. Our Tony of the show, Tony, says connection check, green box, green square. I've made some progress moving most of my chaotic client more towards a planning mode. They still like to have random emergencies, but that's just how it is sometimes. Yeah, I totally get that. And going back to what water brine said, Skye, that the idea of like, I have a system, no, it's not perfect, but it is a system and that's better than having no system. I have moments like that with some of the clients that I still have, Tony, where like, yeah, in a perfect world, you want to be able to solve for all of the variables, but unfortunately, you sometimes just can't. So the fact that you've solved for a lot of them is great in my opinion. Yeah. Yeah. Next connection check. Our owl of the show, my friend Kate, says, gave themselves a green book, which is good. Connection check, been working through the list and they're happy with what they've got with, I can talk, been working through the list and they're happy with what they've done so far. I'm trying to remember what this is in reference to, but green connection check. That's good. Speaking of lists, I will have to check with you at some point to talk all of the things that we don't talk about on Conduit with productivity apps and such, because I'm in a period where the silk sonic method is not as silky smooth as I would like. So definitely have to check on that. Since I've shamelessly plugged a show before, I'm going to say, I think two episodes ago on Find My Dragon, we talked about, was it two episodes ago? The last two episodes, we've talked about task management and note taking and daily routines. That's one of the reasons why that reminder popped into my head. Our tire advocate of the show, Chin Toss, I don't know why tire advocate of the show isn't listed there. I think Kathy's playing tricks on me. I put that in and I couldn't remember what Chin Toss's name was. I was like, am I paranoid? Is this Kathy out to get me for all the times that I've messed it up? Possibly. Anyway, Chin Toss says connection check. I rearranged my working day to help take my daughter to school with her broken ankle. And also we decided to postpone the vacation so that she's not hobbling around on a big boot. Yeah, that's, that's a, I mean, again, it's these things that like, when something comes in and derails, not to, you know, point to our next person, but you know, it kind of throws things off of the path and being able to have the wherewithal to stop, reflect, how is this going to impact me and what do I need to do? And then actually go about doing it. To me, that is all the like, that's all the greenness in that moment. Yeah, as I said with mine, or as you said with mine before, learning when to postpone things, I mean, it was for a different reason, but it's a good idea, honestly, like it vacation, it's still vacation, but it probably wouldn't be very fun for the person with the broken ankle. So being able to postpone that, that's honestly great. Also, speaking of derailing things, that's a good segue. I'm proud of that one. Our rails. That's what I said. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I'm stealing the show, Jay. It's fine. So our, what was, what was Railsie's name? Because I wrote it down wrong. The Rails of the show? Is it Rails of the show? Is it Train Enthusiast of the show? Because I didn't guess. I think it's the Train Enthusiast of the show. If I were a better host, I would have also sent you a link to the spreadsheet where we have all of these names listed. I was wondering. And it's automatic, but yeah. So our, our Train Enthusiast slash Rails of the show says connection check. They, he signed up for fitness plus instead of FitBot, hashtag not sponsored, but that's okay. Done some work towards the quiz. I can talk. Done some work towards the quiz game, worked on my master resume and even sent a finished, I think this is copy drunk. I'm going to look at it in discord. They worked on their master resume and even sent a finished copy to a, to even send a finished copy to two professional colleagues for their review and for a job. So green connection check. It's either that or their master's resume to two colleges for review and for a job. Cause if I remember correctly, is Dave a speaker, a teacher? I think so. Or an educator in some way. I feel like I should know this as the one part of the community, but I don't remember. That's okay. Not a teacher. Just left university. Okay. So yeah, maybe, maybe working on, okay. So sent resumes to companies and working on resumes sending to other professionals and things for review and possibly for a job. Okay. I'm not a professional podcaster. All in all fitness resumes, looking for jobs, conduit. In the, in the, in the context of fitness plus instead of FitBot, I've tried both of them and honestly, like not sponsored. I have found so much success with fitness plus. Just cause it, the, the attitudes of the trainers, like works for me, the layout of the workouts, the ability to select different types of workouts. And even like within strength, you can select, you know, like upper body, lower body, total body. This isn't a sponsorship from Apple because Apple doesn't sponsor us, but I like fitness plus and it works for me. So, um, Real Z I hope you have great success with fitness plus because it seems to, it seems to be a great tool for a lot of people. And speaking of things that work for me, and speaking of sponsors, this episode of conduit is brought to you by Setapp. Getting things done, not trademarked is a challenge that everyone struggles with. Well, maybe the trademark too. Listening to music is a long use productivity hack among creatives. Problem is there's almost too much choice. How do you find the right one? Setapp is a subscription based productivity service for Mac and iPhone users, and they're launching curated productivity playlists on Spotify to help you stay focused and get more done. I actually didn't know about this. Whether you're having a daily standup or need a deep dive into work, there's a playlist for you. Just like Setapp curates and recommends the right apps for you to solve any task, Setapp playlists are carefully selected to fit various work situations. New playlists are added regularly to meet your needs. And the Setapp platform has more than 200 independent developers on board, so you can get motivated by listening to the music they're playing while working on their popular solutions. Enjoy the productive writing set by Ulysses, the deep focus playlists by Lo-Fi Garden, or the flash recharge break set from CleanMyMac. Search and follow Setapp on Spotify to stay productive. That's S-E-T-A-P-P. Our thanks to Setapp for their support of this show and all of Relay FM. Alright, so Sky, you kind of mentioned it before that you've started a new thing. And I didn't talk too much about it in my quest for finding what brings joy. But a few episodes ago, I hinted at a project that I made that I started a new thing too. Well, I rebuilt an existing thing with diversityorgs.tech, which is now actually a website. And you can go to it today and you can use it if you're in the tech space and you want to find diversity communities that cater to your place of being in this world. So I was happy to have you guest this week so that we could talk about some of the individual thoughts, processes, anxieties, concerns, loves, hatreds, all of those things around the new things that we've started. And we talked a little bit about this before the show. You are doing a new show, but you're approaching it differently than your other show, Find My Dragon. Why did you decide to take a different approach to it? So part of what we decided when we started Find My Dragon was this is going to be a no stress, fun project that we're just going to do it for fun. There's not going to be any dependencies or anything like that in this fun thing that we're doing. And we've done that. So it's just, you know, if our schedules don't work out, we skip a week, or we move recording back a day. Or if we share our audio files through iCloud, just because that's the easiest way to do it. We do all these things and it's like the entire goal of this show was to just do it for fun. And also the way I edit it is very, it doesn't take very much time. It's just getting out the little things that, like, if I messed something up, I'll take it out. But editing doesn't take very long. And that is, it's a fun way to do it. It means that neither of us, neither me or Kim, have, you know, we have no stress doing this. The only thing for this show is, you know, finding time. And it's like, we've been fine. Also, it's weird scheduling because I'm in US central time. And my co-host is in central European time. So we've got about a seven hour difference, which is fun for scheduling recordings. But the whole point of Find My Dragon was to do something fun and not too stressful. And I'm not saying that the new thing I started is more stressful, but it's more produced, I think would be a way of saying it. Something I started, um, the idea came from, I personally enjoy trivia. I watch trivia shows, or as like, I don't know, Europeans would call them quiz shows, but things like Jeopardy, other like, you know, primetime game shows that are on. And I have always enjoyed like watching that and also being the being the weird person who yells at the TV when they know the answer. Because that's what I do. And that's what you do when you're watching Jeopardy. If you know the answer, you have to say it out loud. It's a requirement when you're watching Jeopardy. I also feel like it's one of those things that now with trivia podcast being such a thing, people just think that I've gone a bit mad when I'm just walking or if I'm in a public place and I'm talking to myself giving answers out. Yeah. Game show, the incomparable game show is one of those shows I have to be careful about listening to in public, especially specific games on the game show. Because they are, first of all, they're hilarious. And second of all, I will want to blurt out the answers. So, but anyway, the new show I started, the idea sort of, the idea has been roaming around, I think, since the, since around April or so, April or May. But it's taken a couple different forms. But what I settled on, sort of the process of starting something new is, it's a weird process. Because when you do creative projects, you can get stuck in a sort of loop where you have what you believe is a great idea for a project, it might be a great idea for a project. And you might think about it for so long and have these great ideas, like how you can expand it or what you can do with it, or all that. But you are you become so in love with the idea that you never actually do anything with it. And that was specifically something that I was trying to avoid. But like starting any sort of new creative project, you know, it starts, it starts with the idea. And it also starts with honestly, knowing your own boundaries. And we've talked about when to say no before. But knowing what you can take on what you have the time and energy to take on. And also, not just today, but in the future, if you will have time to continue to do this, or if you will need to step it back, or do, you know, do it differently, because you might have your priorities and time commitments might be different in the future. And that's something I had to think about because like right now I'm in summer, right? I've got, you know, I've got free time coming out of my nose. Because I'm not taking any classes right now. My only dependency is my job job. And besides that, I've got I've got nothing else. And so because of that, it's I had the ability to take on a new project. And so I had the ability to do this. And also, I've been doing like, you know, I've been coding things for fun and doing different writing blog posts, just because I have the free time to do that. Starting this project, you know, I had to tell this to myself, I have time to do this now. Am I going to have time to do this when the semester starts again? And I don't know. I like and you're allowed to not know this sort of thing. But what I sort of told myself was I am going to find time to do it when I can, but I'm not going to stress myself to do it when I need to be focusing on schoolwork, right? Because I have my priorities. And right now for me, you know, graduating is a priority. And I'm going into my second year of university, but, you know, taking care of my classes, doing all that. And I will find like if if I I'm very regimented about how I block out my time, but I feel like, you know, I feel like if I do find time to do this, then so be it. And it's it's a fun project. And there's so many different ways I can take it. My like I've already got so many ideas for what I can do with the next episode. I'm having a hard time deciding what I want to pursue for the second episode of this show. Like I've got a couple of outlines for different topics I could talk about. But when it comes to time, like this is what I wrote down the show document, get no one to hold them, no one to fold them, no one to walk away, no one to run, right? Um, learn to say no, basically. If you have an idea, it could be a great idea, but you don't have time to do it. And that's fine. I have specifically an ideas document in my craft for for different things. It's like, I want to do this. And this feels like a great idea, but I don't have time to do it. Or I don't know what the right way to do it is. It's like, you got to know where to hold them. Right. And sometimes you got to know when throw an idea away. Um, so no one to fold them. I feel like I feel like I'm so south right now. Um, yeah, but that's because I told you you were earlier. But, uh, for those that don't know that is a song. I've never played poker. So, um, but no, that is the gambler. Um, but really quick, one of the things that I like about this project is whether you intentionally did it or whether you were like, ah, I want to do a trivia podcast. Uh, how about instead of a trivia podcast, we do like a information podcast instead. Um, you've, you've created a project that can easily be picked up and put down and it could even be by design. Uh, it can also be like super evergreen, super pre-rolled, which is amazing. So like you could go in and record a year's worth of episodes. If you release an episode twice a week, that's 24 episodes a year. You could knock out one or two episodes over the summer, like over the course of a few days or as you get to them. Uh, I know that you're a fan of, uh, the one CGP gray, and I feel like this type of content works really well. Uh, no, it isn't Kate. Kate says it's 26 is every other week. I included holidays. Um, no, yeah, cause if there was 50 weeks in the year, then because, because two of them at the end are taken off because, cause it's, yeah. Um, yep, yep, yep. Also, you said it wrong. One, like twice a week would be two episodes per week, but you know what I meant. Yeah, it's fine. You know, but the, the overall thought is like, you could do as much or as little of this show as you would like. And I don't think that anyone would think oddly about it. That it's like, okay, if you do one a month, that's fine. If you do one a day, I mean, I wouldn't encourage that, but you could, it's fine. If you wanted to do every two weeks, twice a week, once a week, what, whatever it is, if you want to just do it for the summer and say, I'm going back to college during that time, I'm going to think about all of the different topics that I want to cover. And then we will return next summer and you do it every summer for the next four years. You could do any of those things and it work and it work with the same level of success each time. I think that there's a really cool process in that. And then also there's like multiple ways to think about this from marketing, from outreach, all of this different stuff. And I don't, like I said, I don't know how intentional that was, but I love the fact that you, the thing that you said yes to was something that was as flexible as the thing that you chose. Yeah, yeah, honestly. And I don't think that that's the sort of thing that occurred to me afterwards is because I don't know, it's a one person show. And as you said, the topics are so evergreen. This isn't as something I realized this isn't as true with the first topic, US presidents. If I wait long enough, a new president is going to be elected. And so I'll have to, you know, but I digress. These, these topics are very evergreen. And, but it wasn't like, I don't know, it might have been a subconscious thing to purposefully create a project for myself to that was so flexible, but it didn't feel like something I did on purpose. It was mostly just, this is just how it ended up working. But that said, it's, it's very nice to be able to have this sort of project. But I'm gonna, I'm gonna put this on you. How do you go about, um, you know, dealing with ideas and dealing with starting new projects? Because I want to know your perspective on this. So I like to start things. I like to start things more than I like to finish them, to be honest. I, as a professional, my process is different than in my personal, like, life. I'm at the point now, personally, where, um, where I don't like being the only person, you know, you mentioned, you know, this is a show where it is just you, you were doing all the things, which I think you could even modify this to have other people, even if those people are behind the scenes, helping with research and things like that. Um, I have decided I'd never want to do that again. Um, I never want to do a show where I'm the only person. And that is because I feed off of other people's, like, not, I don't say energy, like I'm some sort of parasite, but I get my inspiration from other people being in the room and saying things. I can, I can hear someone say, I wonder if there's a way to do this. And then my head will spark an idea and take that idea like 50 different places. But because of that, if I'm the only one working, I can sit in my room and work on a thing. Honestly, talking about this project, I've done that where I sat and I worked on this and worked on it and worked on it and worked on it. And finally, what I had to do was I had to put it in front of other people and ask them, should I ship this now? Is there anything that you can see that is preventing me from just releasing this today? Because left to my own devices, I will nitpick this thing and it will never see the light of day. And what I've, what I've come to realize about myself now is having someone else, I become that other person. I become the person that's like, ah, it's good enough to ship it. Let's just do it. And I don't know why that is. I don't know if it's like, if it's a failure, I get to share the failure. Like I get to relish it versus when it's just me. It's like, oh no, Jay failed, not necessarily Jay's project. So again, I think there's like some levels there that I need to unpack. But also now the things that I do, and this includes professionally are always planned in coordination with other people and done in a way where their feed, like my goal is to talk myself out of it until I just can't. And then from there, go in with the idea of we now have the best version of the initial version of this idea. And I say that because Conduit isn't what it became. Conduit became something different, but it only got to that point after we launched. If we talked about what we wanted it to be from day one, we never would have launched because we would have still been trying to figure it out. I think I've mentioned this before. I believe we did like almost three months of demos and going back and forth and almost a total of six months of the entire planning phase of the show from idea to launch was about six months. So in that moment, after all of that planning, after all that coordination, what you wind up getting and what exists is different from what you had. And now I think about that with like an intentional mindset. I'm going to get this out the doors so that what it will become can get to me faster. But the only way that I can do that is if I have other people beside me, because if not, I get like stuck in my own head or stuck in my own foundations. Yeah, I get that. Find My Dragon was not at all what we expected it to be. I don't know. I might know. I might have a different thing about this and my co-host, but I totally get that. With the working off of other people thing, I don't know. I do find that in certain situations, I can work off of other people, but I could not do a one person podcast if it wasn't scripted. And I think that's true for a lot of podcasters. Yeah, I think that's most people. I think people will try to do a podcast. I've definitely tried to do shows that are unscripted, but even now, if I do a video, even if I don't, I will script the video. Well, actually what I do, my video process is weird. I outline the video. I record myself doing a podcast of me free-forming the video. I transcribe that audio, and then I use that as the baseline for the video. So I don't actually read off the script, but I use the script as my points. So it's free-form, but it's also scripted. The only podcaster I know who can do an entire one person unscripted podcast is Andy Anacko, because he has done one person... This is off topic, but he's done one person episodes of material with his Relays podcast about Google, and they're really good. But I do not possess the ability to do a one person unscripted podcast, but that's off topic. I think it's also hard to do a... Unless you're doing five minute episodes, I don't think most people have the appetite to hear one person talk to themselves for an hour plus. That's really hard to do. I know Alison Sheridan does a really good job of this, but also Alison Sheridan heavily scripts her content, and she's talked about that process of scripting it out and doing all those things. That's advice that a lot of veteran podcasters will give to new podcasters of, oh, what are you going to talk about each week? No, you need to have a topic. If it's just you, you need to have a script. If it's not just you, you need to have an outline so that you know when you're on topic and when you're out in the weeds. If you are out in the weeds, that's fine. Your show can be a show where you intentionally go out into the weeds. It's just you need to know once you've gotten to that point. A lot of people's favorite show on this network, Do By Friday. I feel like that is a show that... Do By Friday is not on this network. A lot of people that are listening to this or other shows on this network, another show that they like that is not on this network is Do By Friday. I think one of the things that makes that show as great as it is, and I hope that Alex is listening right now because it just makes them squirm every time we talk about how amazing they are. But the thing about Do By Friday that is such a great concept is that you come in with the intention of, this is where we were going to start and at the end of the day, there's a chance you never get there. There's a chance that you'd never get to that point. That has become a part of the show, but I think that that is the feeling that a lot of creators desire of that, oh, I want to be able to do a show that can go off the rails. When you were like, whoa, we went totally off the rails, people are like, I love it when your show does that. You've got different styles for different shows. Where Find My Dragon, the entire point is that we go off the rails. But yes. Speaking of going off the rails, you create new rails. I mean, literally, when you go off, you're from the South, when you go off-roading, you quickly find a path. There is a whole level of architecture and city planning that is built on that of we don't lay down any roads until you see the where and the pathways that people create in their own way instead of having to like, oh, I'm going to build this thing the exact way that I want it to and then watch as people continue to just do whatever they're going to do already. Yep. I have to clarify because I feel like I'm going to get my visa revoked if I don't clarify this. I'm not from the South. I am from the Midwest. I'm from Missouri. I'm from the South. Missouri is the South. I'm sorry. No, if you'd find the South. If you're in Kansas City, I will give you the Midwest only because Kansas is the Midwest. Missouri is the South. Okay, but okay, this is completely off topic, but I grew up in a city that is big enough to be classified. It doesn't have the feeling of the South despite being geographically in the South. That's why I cannot define myself as Southern. I define myself as being from the Midwest. The only state in the South that is not the South is Florida. That's only most of Florida. The panhandle is still the South. Yeah, that's fair. What's the saying? The farther South you get, the more North you are in Florida. Anyway, no, I currently have an unofficial visa for the South because I'm going to university there in Alabama, but yes, clarification. But no, where were we? I lost my train of thought. Since we don't remember where we are, I will... Well, actually, sorry, we do know where we are. It's the South. I'm just in the Southwest. But you mentioned this idea of knowing when to fold things. Knowing to walk away, knowing to run. Okay, well, okay. Instead, so I won't talk about the fold, I'll talk about the walking away. Yeah. Didn't mean to derail you there. Also, we keep giving external shout outs to Railsie. Thanks, Railsie. We're glad Railsie's in live chat. This is the show about Railsie. Off the rails. Off the rails with Railsie. Oh, man, that would... Yeah, I'm going to get Railsie to start a podcast. I think they've already had this idea, but it's just going to be called Off the Rails. But yes, anyway, we're not plugging other people's podcasts. Two ADHD people talking on a podcast. We're not getting anywhere. Yeah, yeah. But anyway, knowing to walk away, knowing to run. We're on theme today. But it's not a fun thing to talk about. But you always have to sort of... It's different for different projects. Because some things like you might have a bunch of people who listen or consume your content. We're not just talking about podcasts here. But you might have a bunch of fans. Sometimes you can't control when you need to kill a project. And I don't even know if kill is the right word for this because it seems too powerful of a word to use. But I don't know. It feels like it. And I think you've had more experience with this than me, Jay. But learning when to... There are many different stages where you could kill a project. First sunset, I think, is a good phrase. Yeah. Because you have the idea stage. And I've had so many ideas that felt so great. And wrote it down in the idea document and never got past that. And then you've also got... Once you start working on it, the more work you do on a project, the harder it is to say goodbye. And so even before the first, let's say, product or the first episode of the podcast comes out, then you still don't work on it. And it still hurts to sunset it and say you're not going to do this. And then you've got shows or YouTube series or whatever projects that have been going on for years have hundreds of episodes and you still have to... It's still time to say goodbye. You still have to learn that this is over. We've ended this. We're sunsetting this. And learning when to do that, I don't think comes easily to anyone. So what are your thoughts on this? So I want to give a shout out to someone that I interviewed in actually one of the last interviews that I did on my show prior to Conduit. The guy's name is Scott Johnson. And he has a podcast network called Frog Pants. And he's been doing a couple of shows. One is called The Morning Stream that he's been doing... Wow, there are thousands of episodes in. It's been working on it for, I think, for almost 15 years. Then you have another show that he did that was legitimately one of the first World of Warcraft podcasts ever. And it ran, I think it also ran for about 15, 16 years. Literally one of the co-hosts was a teenager when the show started and is in their 30s now as one of the final co-hosts. And he had some of the best ways to talk about how that show had evolved and how the show had effectively been over for years. And instead, what they did was they kept pivoting, they kept pivoting, they kept pivoting. And a lot of people, for some reason, this keeps coming up in my space. And if you're a trivia nerd, you might have heard about this. The Ship of Theseus. For those that don't know, the Ship of Theseus is this idea of a person named Theseus had this ship called the Ship of Theseus. And over time, things start breaking and that person replaces them with new parts. Eventually, you get to the part where there's none of the original pieces from the original ship. The question is, is that ship the same Ship of Theseus or have they built an entirely new thing? And what I have come to, at least just in my several years, near a decade of making content, is I would rather not put the ship out in the water than to watch it age in some cases. Some cases you want to watch the ship age. I love classic cars. I love cars, I mean, other than the fact that they're absolutely terrible for the environment. I love a car that has been lived in, a car that has experience, it has memories. We had to buy a brand new car last year, like brand, brand new, because of the pandemic and things. And not even a month in, shout out to my lovely wife, who moved to the curb a little too much and scuffed the bottom of it. And in that moment, she's like panicking, I'm so sorry. I'm like, it's fine, battle scars. And that is, to me, that's what life is. Life is a bunch of experiences and the memories that come with those experiences and the battle scars that happen are the resemblances of that. If I can't have a show that has its battle scars physically presented to the point where I'm willing to cover them up, replace them, do a thing, I would just rather not have that thing. If my YouTube channel has to be this super prim and pristine instance of me never making a mistake, me never talking about a product that later on gets shut down, me having to go back on my endorsements of a product because they've changed their policies and things like that. And these are all things that have happened to me. If I can't have those, then I would just rather not do the thing. And that is why I've had projects since Conduits started that I have tried to launch that just never get launched because of the conversation of what happens when this thing comes up. And that's not to say that I keep things from ever coming up. I understand what's going to look better with those battle scars. And the things that can weather the damage that I'm ultimately going to put on it, those are the things that I want to hold on to. And the things that are like, if this gets messed up or if someone says something dumb, I would just rather walk away from it. I would just rather be like, no, I don't, before it ever sees the light of day. Because it's so much easier to do it when there's no time invested or there's little time invested or there's little. Imagine doing a show where you're actually making money off of that show. Doing a show where you've made hundreds of dollars a month off of and then being like, I don't want to do this show anymore. Imagine how that feels when that's helping to pay your bills and things like that. There's so much anxiety that comes with that. Like I said, Scott Johnson, that's why people tended to do shows longer than their existence. They're like, well, this is part of my livelihood, so I have to do it. There's nothing wrong with that. It's just if I'm going to do that, I'm going to do that for my job and not for my own personal life. Shout out to Flaggy Flag. They came up in the live chat. But yes, Shoop of Thesias is an amazing thought experiment. It's a great way of putting it. Because, yeah, you're going to have... If you are so, I think a different way of saying it is, if you're so devoted to the idea of what you want it to be in the beginning, you're not going to let it grow into what it is. And so if you have a project where you're so devoted to what you want it to be, it's not going to be able to withstand the damage after it's in the water for a few months. And after it has gone through the first stages of what you wanted it to be. And so you're not going to be able to evolve past that. But also, things have a lifespan. And you have to know, even if something did have that constant evolution that has lasted for a long time, things have a lifespan. And at some point, it's just over. And killing... You're not using that word. And learning when to end things is just part of making projects, I guess. Death is a part of life. Even though that's actually something I disagree with. If you ever watch CGP Grey, death is not a part of life. But that's a different story. But yeah. Yeah. Last bit before we jump into connections. My question for you is, is your fear or caution around doing new things, does that prevent you from thinking about them in more detail as a thought exercise? Because I know that I've reached out to you before and been like, hey, when you have time, we should totally make content. We should totally figure out a way to get together and do even if not something regular, but just something. And I'm not calling you out on this at all. But the idea of like, I understand your life is busy. I understand that my life is busy. But I like to still think about the, what is this project and what does this project need for it to be successful? And can I provide that? And I don't think that you can do that with a disqualifying mindset of like, at the first sign of I cannot do this, I no longer think about it because I think what has to happen there is you have to have the requirements in place. You have to be able to say, this is what it would take for me to do this. I now know all of the parameters that would make this a successful idea or a successful process. And I'm okay if we never get to that point, but also I have now identified what it looks like to be at that point. And if we are at this point, then I'm on board. Yeah. So part of what the fear is, when whenever you start something is, you're gonna commit yourself, right? And this is why you sort of, you have this sort of running, I don't know, running joke between people that I'm not gonna let you start something new, because I know you're gonna burn yourself out. And that's, that's the sort of, that's the sort of things that like, friends don't let friends burn out. And it might be better to say friends don't let friends start things. Burn themselves out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Friends don't let friends start things that they know they don't have time for. And so, yeah, whenever whenever starting something new, it's like, you know, know the time commitment you need, and all those sort of things, but also know just what your energy level is and what what you can do, and what you want to do. And if you really want to do something where there's a will, there's a way. So if you have a passion for a project, or if you have a really good idea that you want to pursue, then go for it. And there's the other side of this that we haven't mentioned, it's like, there should not be any shame in starting a new project. Right? If you start something like, if you have an idea, the best thing you can do, the best time is now, and the best tools are the tools that you have. No matter what, you can you can always expand later, but there is no better time than now to start. And that, I believe that's that's almost universally true. For anything is if you have an idea, go for it. There's no better time to start than right now. But if you're talking in the long term, know your energy levels and know what you can do. And just know the limit to any project. So when it's starting a new thing, one of like, one of these days, you talked about being a teenager in the, or the person you said who was a teenager when the show started. I think I am almost definitely the youngest person to be a guest on a relay show, because I'm 19. I think I'm not sure I need to do the homework on that. Everyone says Rose is extremely young. So I don't think I don't think she's that young, though. Yeah, yeah, Rosemary is not as young as me. I need the I need the official historian to tell me whether or not that was true. But so, so, and I'm a testament to honestly, the fact that there's no better time than now. Don't let age preclude you from starting something. And that's, yeah. So when it comes to starting anything, one of these days, I will have more time and we will make we will make something together, honestly. But yeah, so and also one of the things that I want to throw in there on top of what you've said of like, sometimes the best time to start a thing is now. I think that there's also a validation in building the thing to build the thing. Just build it with the off ramps in place. Like you said, your I think as I mentioned before, your project earlier was is very much a show that allows you to say, I'm not going to do this show, except for when I'm not at uni right now. And those are good off ramps. And each of those offerings, you're like, hey, if I decide that I just never want to come back and do this show. That's that's fine, too. Like that that is a valid thing. One of the things that I've started doing now is when I have a quote unquote million dollar idea, which none of my ideas are worth a million dollars, but they're good ideas nonetheless. But when I have like, yeah, when I have a good idea, a good example of this was I wanted to create a college search engine. So basically college board that wasn't run by advertising or business and that surfaced materials like surface actual good information like graduation rates, student loan debt outcomes and things like that. Great idea, whole lot of time to keep up and maintain a lot of requirements on federal bodies for their data. And that data might be inconsistent at best. But what I can do is create a GitHub repo where I have a list of all of the HBCUs and PBIs in the United States and have their information as of 2021. I can do that. And that takes me a week at most. Honestly, I think I got the basis of it down in a day. Like there was nothing that prevented me from making the thing because I wanted to see the thing made in the world. But I just had to change the way that I classified it. It was no longer this, oh, I'm going to take College Board down because big college is a scam and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, like all that. It's like, no, no, no, no. It's if my goal is to help people by surfacing information that will best help them, let me just do that. Let me just make the thing and be happy with what I've made, be okay with what I've made. And when I want to make the next thing, do that as well. If you want to make a podcast of something, some random thing, the first time I ever had a conversation on a podcast with Kathy, we talked about why is there no yodeling podcasts for like yodlers in LA because then you could literally call the show yodel-ay. But like if someone wanted to just get a bunch of people together and say, hey, who yodels in LA, let's get together and like grab coffee. That accomplishes the exact same goal. But the project requires a little less commitment. Hey, we grab coffee one time. Maybe we decide we want to grab coffee a lot. Maybe in that conversation, we decide it might be beneficial to go to the local later hose and shop and grab things. Whatever you choose to do, but whatever you choose to do, like you don't have to do it in the way that you initially thought, but you can still make that thing exist or make something close enough to exist in the world that you are accomplishing what you set out to do. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good way of putting it. Speaking of things that we have to do, I think we got connections. So I think you're out. I think I need to rapidly come up with a connection. All right. Well, since you were thinking about it, I will go first. I mentioned before that I launched my web app, diversityorgs.tech. Well, by the time that you're hearing this, it will be officially launched. Now it's soft launch. You can go to a diversityorgs.tech. If you're in tech and you want to search for, again, organizations that cater to underrepresented people, whether you identify as those people or you want to broaden your horizons and learn from other folks that have different experiences in life, that's the plan. All that said, my boss allowed me to take a lot of company time to work on this so that I could then document the experience of building an application using the tools that we have available to us, as well as some of the things that I've learned in that process. So my connection is to at least start content around that process or some of the things that I learned in those processes. And I'm going to say to start it, but I'm going to define that a little bit better. I'm going to say to have a draft available and sent to editors so that it can be an actual post. So if I had to quantify this in words, now I've got to type, create post about the process of building diversityorgs.tech. Okay. All right. Hopefully I gave you enough time. What's yours? So I mentioned this at the top of the show. There's a lot of sort of hate in the world right now. And sometimes it feels like there's not a lot you can do about it. And I apologize for any background noise, but I'm in a loud house. But anyway, thank you, Javier. I appreciate not having to edit this show. So there's a lot of hate going around in the world right now. And it feels like a lot of times there's nothing you can do about it. So as small of a gesture as it might seem, I think there's a lot of power in just being kind and compassionate where you can. And sort of knowing your boundaries and knowing when to not interact with people because it's worth just not interacting with people who all they do is propagate hate. Right. But there's a lot of, I think we overshadow the fact that there's a lot of good people in the world. There's a lot of really great people in the world, honestly. And I've found, like, this is not a plug for membership, but I've found some of the nicest and most compassionate people in the relay members discord, honestly. So my connection for the next Fortnite is to find new ways to show compassion and to show kindness to just be nice and kind and compassionate in situations where most of the time you otherwise wouldn't. Because I believe those sort of gestures as shallow as they might seem, I think they can be powerful, just spreading kindness where you can. So that's my response to all the turmoil in the world. And also to all the listeners, if you're having a hard week, know that there are people with you. Know that, you know, this too shall pass. And there are a lot of nice people in the world. And, you know, it's going to get better. I believe that. So that's my connection for this week. I went a little, I went very emotional, but I hope that's okay. So yes, that's my connection. Tanner Iskra I think that's perfectly fine. And we've got some conductor connections here. Our first one is from the soup of the show, Kathy Campbell, who says, next connection surviving the decisions that have to come that will be very emotional and draining. Again, I don't want to air out Kathy's business, but if you can send her some unicorn emojis, send her some hearts. And we'll move on to the soprano of the show. Aaron Alexander So our soprano of the show said, new connection, work on details such as renting tables and chairs and ordering catering for the choir party that she finally scheduled. I'm going to ask for an invitation because I like food. Not really. But if you're getting catering, like if you want a dragon to arrive to a place, just give them food. That's the secret. But good new connection. Tanner Iskra Feeding my dragon, FMD as they call it. Our pathologist of the show, Laura, says, new connection for this time around. Keep it simple. Yes, I have my calendar and my giant to do list backlog, but only write down three to do items at a time every day if possible. I can grab more when I finish those. I might need some adjusting as I go along, but I need to feel less overwhelmed. A few weeks ago, someone suggested mattress to represent sleep. In my I need these for brain function daily goals. I love it. And I've been using it ever since the four M's meds, meditation, movement mattress. I love it. I love it. That's awesome. The hydration of the show water. Brian says new connection. Take my needs graciously. That's that's an interesting was that an adjective or adverb? I'm not sure. Yeah, graciously take so adverb. Most days I am harsh and punitive on myself about needing things. That's not right. Nor is it sustainable. Yes, 1000%. One, you can do it. And even if for some reason you can't do it, you can give yourself the grace that's necessary. Just remember if you're about to give yourself a red X, think to yourself, would Kathy or Jay give me a red X in this case? And the answer is of course, no. So our Tony of the show is that is that his of the show name? I thought it was. Is it Tony of the show? If it came out the spreadsheet, that's what it is. Fair, fair. Our Tony of the show, Tony said new connection, continue to get organized and get ahead. Yeah, organization is a good tool. So yeah, our out of the show, Kate, who was recently appointed as the official relay historian. I think that was Kate, right? Yes, our official relay FM historian of the show. Yes, new connection. The resubmission is due before the next episode. I just need to keep working through the list and get it done. You can't do it, Kate. The official relay historian. I feel like now we have to say the title like every time, almost like we have to say switch on every time we say relay FM, switch on. Their Royal Highness, the official relay FM historians. Their Royal Alness. Yes, that one. I like it. Our tire advocate, I'm going off script because it's not written down, but our tire advocate of the show, Cheentas said new connection, prepare an important presentation without it taking all of their time between now and then. That's good limits, but also you can't do it. Get it done. Important presentations are important. That's. Yes. Has received so much promotion in this episode. Railsy says new connection, try to do fitness plus once or twice a week. Actually start the I'm guessing intensive training course or the IT course. Not sure which one, but whichever one it is started. See what to do after my resume is my resume results come out for the live viewers. That's tomorrow. Those listening back, it was yesterday. Resumes were supposed to be crossed out. So see what to do after my results come out. Ah, okay. Best of luck to you. Railsy, you can do it. And finally, we had a late submission. This was submitted during the recording of the show, even though he wasn't tuned into the live stream, but he gave the follow up during the recording. Drew Petriello, our Ryan's brother of the show, which is a great name, says he's been working on a horror screenplay for a while and is finally working on the first draft. After looking at what he has left to do and looking at a reasonable pace, he should be able to have a complete rough draft by next fortnight. That's exciting. Horror screenplays. I'm not a huge fan of horror movies, but like not because I can't do horror. Actually, mostly because I can't do horror because it's scary. But no, that sounds like a fun project, Drew. So best of luck. You can do it. If you'd like to submit a connection, you can do so by tweeting at conduit FM using the hashtag my conduit or in the relay FM discord with question mark my conduit. Visit relay.fm slash conduit to become a member today. Before we thank our sponsor, I want to again thank you, Sky, for one coming onto the show. For those that I don't think we mentioned it, but I, at the time that we recorded this, I messaged Sky this morning asking them to be on the show and they were so gracious to. And as soon as you texted me, my adrenaline went through the roof. So yes, very fun times. Yes. And I will also give a shout out to our next episode's guest. That's right. There's going to be a guest next episode as well. Kathy will be back. However, I will be in Ireland for work. But if anybody is in Ireland around July 11th, around that week of the 11th, and you want ice cream and you know where we can find ice cream, please, please let me know. You can find me in the relay FM discord. That's where I will be once Kathy pings me and says, hey, answer your discord messages. But yes, thank you again, Sky, for being an amazing guest. Let people know once again where they can learn more about FMD and some of the other projects that you've got working on. So first of all, thank you so much for having me on this show. It's an honest bucket list item of mine to be a guest on a relay show. I haven't gotten to do this yet. So very fun time. You can find everything that I do at skylarblue.net and you can find the new podcast that we talked about today at random facts pod.net or search for random facts about in your pod catcher of choice. So that's a little bit of what I do. Awesome. And of course you can again find us at conduit FM on Twitter or go to relay FM dot sorry, relay dot FM slash conduit. And thanks again. Well, you can't say switch on when you put the dot in it because the founders get really mad when they it's referred to as relay dot FM, but the URL is relay dot FM. So yeah, it's a whole thing. Thank you. Thank you to set up. Yeah. Thank you to set up for sponsoring this week's episode. Sky, did we do it? I think we con did it.