---
description: 'Kathy is joined by returning guest host Scotty J to discuss spoon and
  energy management as our lives increase in scope and changes. '
pub_date: July 14th, 2022
title: '27: These Are The Spoons You Have'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/27
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we can do our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that expands to fit the space in your heart. I'm Kathy and my co-host today isn't Jay because he has gone to a separate continent. And when a host is on a separate continent, we are contractually obligated to invite Scotty back to the podcast. Hello. Hey, Scotty Jay. Hi, Kathy. Thank you so much for having me. I was thinking earlier, like, I've arrived. If I have contractual obligation to be the, you know, someone absent by an entire continent person on Conduit, that's wonderful. This is gold. This is what I wanted to achieve and I've achieved it and I feel really good about that. Well, fantastic. You can check that off of your bucket list and you can also make sure to recognize the fact that your M&Ms have no green M&Ms in them. So we read through all of the contract and it's called a writer. Is that what it's called for like actors and stuff? Yeah, we read through your writer and you're set. Okay. Oh, perfect. Well, yes, that's good. I mean, you caught all the fine print, which is really, which is really fantastic. And now we'll just turn everything up to 11. Speaking about turning it up to 11, let's turn this podcast celebration up to 11 in our shout outs because today as we record this on July 12th, it is Conductor Sof's birthday. I love birthdays and I love celebrating them with people and so, so we're so excited that you're celebrating with us. So happy birthday. We hope it's absolutely fantastic. And we are so happy that everyone is here. So let us know when it's your birthday because I want to celebrate it. Happy birthday, Sof. I get to drop in out of nowhere and I get to say happy birthday, Sof. This is awesome. It's great. Do you have any shout outs? I want to give a quick shout out to the Rocky Mountains. I don't think the Rocky Mountains get the recognition that they deserve. The Rocky Mountains are responsible for like a full mental reset for my family and I. We just got back from them and I feel refreshed and ready and it is only because of the Rocky Mountains that I'm able to visit with you, Kathy. So I want to thank the Rocky Mountains for all that they do for the beauty of the world because they're awesome. That's fantastic. Yeah, we don't, you know, there isn't nearly enough shout outs to like physical earth pieces. Like we need more shout outs to national parks and mountains. No shout out to the sun today because it is way too flipping hot here. And so instead of shouting out to any physical characteristic in my space right now, we're going to move on to the last shout out that I have, which is a shout out to me and to Jay because a year ago we announced the launch of the show. So we have had a year of public conduit. Talk about perfect timing because this episode will go out on the day that the show launched. So we've been here for a year. So thank you for celebrating birthdays, double birthdays, soap and conduit, share a birthday, which is pretty great. That's awesome. And for a first birthday too, that means you get to eat the cake with your hands. Oh, that's right. Unless you are my child. I mean, which you can do all the time. That's true. Yeah. Yeah. My kid ate it with a fork. That's a little showy. Yeah. They don't, they didn't like getting their hands dirty. And so they would, like they started to put, like touch the frosting and then we're like, no. So we gave them a fork and they were much happier. Oh, well, well, that's, that's, that's pretty amazing. That's a, that's a good sign. You're born under a good sign when you're a fork operator. Such a small stature. I love it. All right. So let's go. Let's see if I can do this correctly. It's time for the connection check. Zap! Yeah! That was perfect. All right, Scotty. No, I feel like, I feel like I'm done now. That's that. That was, that was, that was the thing. I think you're not going to continue on. Checking out. Jay, Jay, come back. Not yet though. You're busy. Stay away, Jay. We love you, but no. Okay. So do you want to start, Scotty, with your connection check? Yes, I would love to. I, I had a connection, which, which wasn't advertised though. But as I said, Rocky Mountains. I was recently through a reorg at work and ever expanding universe of family. We're going to talk more about that and just, you know, commitments in general. And so I wanted to have a good vacation where I was able to, A, keep up with the family and B, relax and reset and come back with a clear head. And I achieved all of those things. So I'm giving myself the big green check mark. And that is feeling pretty all right. How about you, Kathy? What is your, your connection check? Yeah. So, for those of you that were here a fortnight ago, I was not here. It was a pretty, pretty terrible day in our household. We had to put Nandor, our sweet, sweet boy down because the heartworms were too much for his little body to handle. So it's been a very difficult two weeks. Yesterday we brought him home. His, in a sweet little box. So I'm very happy. Oh my gosh. I'm getting, nope, I'm fine. We're fine. It's okay. Yeah. My connection for the last fortnight was to survive. And I got a great big green check mark. So that's great. Go me. We are all hanging in there, but lots, lots of Kleenexes have been used. And the good news is like the good part has been the fact that I didn't do it alone. And the fact that Tiny Soup was able to be there with us. And so we had a really strong foundation to say goodbye to him. And so thank you for everyone that has reached out and shared their pet pics with me and their fluffy, sweet, amazingness as yeah, this whole, and it's hard because there's, you know, we talk a lot on this show and in the discord break room about, you know, being kind to yourself and that your feelings are valid and all of that junk. And yet I still have to constantly tell myself, hey, it's okay to feel this grief, just like quote unquote, it's just a dog. And you just had him for, you know, two and a half months, but still it just like, he made such a deep impression in our hearts and our family that it's just like, okay, you know, this is, it's okay to grieve. So yeah, that is an interesting conversation to have with myself. But wouldn't it be awful though, if this happened and you were like, oh, okay, well that happened moving on. Like the grief reminds you that this mattered and that this is important and how sad it would be if it wasn't sad, you know? And so I, in that regard, like I'm glad for you that you had this meaningful connection that was hard to lose. Do you know what I mean? I know it sounds kind of backwards, but if it was easy, then it wouldn't have meant anything. If it didn't mean anything, well then why is anything worth anything at all? So don't refer to the valid feelings as junk because that's, I think the term is that you get jarred for that, I think something like that. And I know, it's just, it's hard and I feel for you so much. I'm glad that you found the positive way of transitioning through that and being able to do that with Tiny Soup is a big deal. So you know, just warm love, that's all. Yes. Yes. Well, thank you. Whew. Let's jump into our conductors then while I'm, you know, not crying, definitely not crying at all. So we have a fairly new conductor, Jay. I don't remember what his conductor name is of the show. So we're going to like the Jay of the show, I guess. If I had been better prepared and slash more aware, I would have like looked at the episode that I recorded with Rose. Was it the alphabet of the show? I think you're right because of the letter, because of Jay being the letter. So yeah, we're going to say that Jay, the alphabet of the show, their connection check, and got a big green checkmark because they made content and we're really happy for him for that content. And I'm hopefully going to get a link to that content to add to the show notes. So stay tuned if he's not too busy to, you know, be trap sizing around Ireland, like the big tech boy that he is. Oh. All right. What an experience. I know. I'm so excited to hear all about it. I'm so excited. All right, Scottie, you want to do the next one? Laura's doing pathology, the pathologist of the show, connection check, keeping it simple slash write down only a few to do items at a time, using paper plan in conjunction with my digital to do list and calendar apps to keep my list small and less overwhelming than that is awesome. And I'm taking inspiration from that because I think that that is a huge, huge win because it is so easy to take in a lot. It is hard to take in a little. Yes, absolutely. So good job. Good job, Laura. And using a like the combination of things to make it work the way you want it to work. Well done. Our Oracle of the show, so comes with their connection check. They're still not doing well with exercise, so lowered the threshold. And now at least they're managing to get out for a wheel in the park twice a week. OK, I just have to mention that a wheel in the park sounds so fancy and I love it. I'm here for it. They need to figure out what's blocking them from going swimming. And in parentheses, it's probably being very tired, but they're working on it. Also, they achieved an old connection of cleaning out their bags. They donated quite a few. So that's something that's more than something. It's a lot, especially so even though like you adjusted your connection again in the fortnight to like become a green checkmark because you change what needed to happen to make it work. So I'm really, really proud of you. And that's amazing. And old connections. Thanks for letting us know that that was set up because I also did an old connection and I cleaned out my office closet and I'm so much happier with that. So well done, Soph. Nice. Nice. And balancing the equation, like you said, that's awesome. The soprano of the show, Deborah, Debo. And I can tell reading ahead that this soprano is about singing, not about being a Jersey gangland member. The connection check, green checkmark, got tables and chairs rented and catering ordered for my upcoming choir party. Knowing that a party is being prepared for and that you're feeling on top of it, that's huge. I love that feeling because A, party and B, prepared. That's incredible. Good job. That's awesome. Amazing. Absolutely amazing. All right. Our playwright of the show may get the first true yellow, but for a very good reason, because their connection is going to be changed. So Drew says, their connection check, yellow circle. No, he did not finish the first draft of his horror screenplay, but it's actually because a really cool job thing happened. A play production at the Performing Arts Center he works at needed to hire an emergency stage manager and his name was thrown out there. He has never stage managed before, but has done a lot of theater and knows the basics. He was hired the day before opening night. He says, this is a pretty big deal. You don't tend to hire, you don't tend to emergency hire stage managers. Calling queues for a show requires rehearsal, just like performing. Essentially, he's being asked to step into a role that normally entails at least several weeks of prep. He did get to shadow the technical director for the first performance and he supervised him on the next two plus was sent a video, but even still it's daunting. But he's stepping up to the challenge in a way that's catching the attention of some of the higher up technicians. There are two weeks left in the run and he is getting into the groove of things and getting over the vast number of areas he made on the first time calling the show. Last line, he should be done with the first draft of the horror screenplay by the end of next week. Let me just say how freaking incredible is that? Like yes, stressful to the max, but one of those great examples of being able to be adaptable and move around and be what's needed, especially to make a good impression on the higher ups. That's really, really impressive. I've managed a show before. I did Peter and the Starcatcher, which is a pretty intense, lots of actor movement, not a lot of stage movement and I cannot imagine doing it last minute. Well freaking done, Drew. Well done. I mean, opening with a yellow, but then burying the lead of the two greens that followed. Right? That's really something. You can read with the green and say, by the way, that other thing was yellow, but that's fine. Yeah, because the connection changed. So boom. Well, and it's still going to be going to be done by the end of the week. Like that's a mild delay in one to take on the world in another. That's all very impressive. Yes. The owl of the show. Hi, Kate. Hi. Yellow. We'll see about that. I was doing well on my work till I tested positive for COVID six days before the deadline. It knocked me down for a week, so I wasn't able to submit anything. Sad exhausted face. I don't know what that emoji is called. Luckily I got it while at my parents, so I've had them supporting me, though they both had it too. I've applied for an extension on the work due to extenuating circumstances, so hopefully they'll get back to me on that. I mean, Kate, again, this is another one of those the balancing the equation. The context changed a little bit here. So that's I don't know if that's like a solid yellow. I don't know that I don't know that you can really call that yellow. I think you can call that, you know, one universe is yellow in some sort of area of the multiverse. But in this one, that becomes green because you had good motion and good. What's the word I'm looking for? Something's in motion and wants to say that way. Yeah, that that word that I can't think. But but like, can I get a line? Oh my gosh. What's it called? I mean, good, Kate. So Kate says that they upgraded it from red because they literally did not submit the work. inertia. Yes, James. They will know the opposite of momentum, momentum, momentum. Thanks, James, the physicist of the of the show. Good momentum. And and the only reason that the momentum changed is because the universe changed on you. So it changes the rules. You change the expectations and the responses. So that doesn't feel that yellow to me. I don't know that I can. I mean, I don't I don't I don't I don't have I don't have authority here, but I'm just saying as a casual dropping in host when someone else is on another continent, that would be how I would call it. Yeah, because you definitely would have gotten the green if you hadn't have gotten sick. And so we're going to we're going to give that to you because you're doing great. And we hope you're feeling better and that the next days are smooth sailing. Next up, our blue dragon of the show, Sky comes in with a blue heart, a teal heart. They successfully hijacked the show to prove that blue is the best color. In all seriousness, thanks for having me on. It was a lot of fun. Sky, thank you for being such a last minute jump in and an incredible host. I loved listening to the episode in between crying about so that was great. Thank you. One day we should. Sky I would love to be on a show and you and and Rose and Kathy and Jan I can go like a roundtable thing. Oh, yeah. I'm pitching that live. Love it. You can edit that out later if it's a terrible idea. You can say that you love it live. That's fine. Thank you. The tire advocate of the show, Chinta says connection check yellow. Presentation is ready, but not as polished as I'd like. Hopefully it will go down well tomorrow, but at least I know the topic so I can answer questions if it's not clear enough. So I mean, is it yellow? Really? I don't think so. The presentation is done. Yeah. And I mean, it's going to happen. And so I don't think you can judge it before it's occurred. So I think we need to put a stay on that. Can I can I just can I can I ask for a stay? Yes. The yellow and we check back in again next time after the presentation. Actually I'm going to force it into a green because the the connection was to do the like make the presentation and it's ready and they're doing it. So that's a green. The connection wasn't do a perfect presentation like because that is not realistic. Nobody can ever be perfect. And so sorry, Chinta's we're bullying you into a green. I love how people have submitted these yellows. We're just rescoring. It's great. It's great. I thought you knew how you were doing. Well, Kathy and Scotty have another thinking. Let's tell you how you're doing. All right. All right. Our last connection check for the episode is from our Tony of the show. They have a yellow square. We'll see about that. He says that he backs a little bit on the organization front as the other client work has gotten busier and that all over the place, client continues to be a bit all over the place. Now, if I had been better prepared, I would have read the previous like to read the wording of the connection. But it sounds like you're getting your your identifying the structure of what's going on and what's needed for this particular client. And and you identified them as an all over the place client, which means that's what they're going to be. So making adjustments into your day to day on how to better manage that sounds like you are successfully heading towards the right place step by step, even if it may not be like exactly how you want it to be now. But with an all over the place client in particular, your organization has to be all over the place and you have to be very agile, not in the fancy mode version of it, but in actually getting things done, like in how you structure things and be ready to jump around. So I can't wait to hear how this progresses. And I'm really hopeful that things go good. Tony? Well, and Tony clearly states here that other client work has gotten busier. So again, when the context changes and said that other client work has gotten busier, it does not say other client work has gotten busier and I couldn't handle it. So I'm going to presuppose that that other client work has gotten busier and is being handled. So if that is being handled, then again, that therefore has to be green. Yes, I think that sounds great. Perfect. Nailed it one more time with the greens all around all the way down. Fantastic. I'm so proud of all of our conductors. All right. So last time, Scotty, you were on, you had a really great conversation with Jay about kind of where you were at in your productivity based around where your body was at and kind of working through all of that, almost that grief running through things like being able to manage life and day to day things when your body and mind are not doing what you want them to do. And so for today's episode, instead of rehashing that incredible conversation, because I don't know about, I'm sure that your emotional ability might be a little much, but I know that I also couldn't quite handle all of those in my already emotional state. It would not be, it would be a conversation where we're both just crying and like, yeah, we want to have an actual podcast. Let's listen to a show. It's not like the unbeknownst to most people, Apple in the latest beta has added a new ambient sound of Kathy and Scotty crying together. And you just listen to that in the background. Yeah, no one wants to listen to that. So instead, we kind of wanted to talk about how to know how much you can do in a day. The topic wording put together was measuring spoons in an ever expanding universe. And I thought this topic was absolutely perfect. It came from Scotty himself. So I'm super excited to talk about this. But I also was like, let's, let's explain what spoons are a little bit more. I think you, you talked about it on the episode with Jay, but for anyone new here, what do you mean by measuring spoons? Well, and you talked about it too. Was it last episode of the episode before that? I can't remember. You brought up spoon theory. And I mean, I'm sure we can put a link in show notes, but spoon theory is the idea that in order to explain invisible disease, I think it was lupus. A girl assembled all of the spoons that she could find at a restaurant or surrounding and held them in her hand and said, like, these are spoons and each spoon represents a unit of energy that I have. And so if I want to get dressed in the morning, that costs me a spoon. And if I want to, you know, go downstairs and make breakfast, that maybe, maybe that cost me two spoons. So it was really just a way of demonstrating to a friend what the energy cost of living life is. And then it gets to a point where there are no spoons left. So your friend says, well, you have no spoons. What do you do? I fall over like I'm out of spoons. That's it. So can I have more spoons? No, you do not get more spoons. You wake up and these are the spoons you have. And you know, for bonus marks, when you wake up tomorrow, you might not have this many spoons. Maybe when you wake up the next day, you have more spoons. Hooray. Hooray for you. But spoons are really just kind of this unit of measurement for energy. And so I think it's a neat way of saying it because a spoon is kind of a fun word. It's true. It's true. Spoon is a great, great word. And it's a lot lower stakes too, right? Like this is a unit of energy. And if I run out of that, I fall over. This is a spoon. Okay, let's talk about spoons then, if given the choice. So I think that's why spoons become an A, because of that story. And B, I'm doing a lot of Es and Bs today. Because it's accessible and it's friendly and it's less ugly sounding or threatening as a way of talking about this stuff. Yeah. And it's something I think to somebody that maybe doesn't have a chronic illness or doesn't have limitations on what their body can do, what their mind can do above and beyond what is considered normal. And I put heavy, heavy air quotes around that term normal. But it's helpful to see that, oh, you can't just push through this situation. If you don't have spoons, you literally can't just, oh, we'll suck it up and push through. You cannot function because you will fall over or you will pass out or in not as significant information like levels, if you push too far, you then are robbing spoons from future days as well. I got excited. Sorry. You don't get to borrow. You don't get to go into spoon debt. But going all the way up to the line, if I have 10 spoons today and I use all 10, tomorrow I'm probably not getting 10. I think that's what we mean. I don't get to borrow from future me. I don't get to go into energy debt. But what I do, if I don't leave some behind, then probably I'm going to feel the effects of that over the next couple of days. Right. Because it could take an entire spoon for your night routine and then you might need spoons for sleep. If you don't have any spoons left before you get to sleep, you're not going to sleep well, which means you're not going to recharge those spoons as well. You're going to have limited spoons on the next day, if not more than that. Difficult. For anyone that has to think of their energy level and their spoon level and that situation, it's rough to manage it. And it's even more difficult when you're trying to explain to somebody why maybe a project didn't get done or why you're saying no to something that you may have meant to say yes to before or that you really, really want to do, but you can't. You just physically or emotionally or mentally are not able to do something that you were really excited about. I know I have some friends that are affectionately called spoonies. I think that's still an acceptable way to identify groups that have to do a lot of that spoon management. I have several friends who have lost friendships because the friends didn't understand why they had to cancel plans. This is pre-COVID, but so many of them would talk about, be thankful that I was okay with canceling plans. And I'm just like, what do you mean? I know this is not like you're not meaning to be a jerk because you had to do laundry this morning in order to have any clothes. And so that means by the time the afternoon came, you could not come over and hang out, even though, oh, it's recharging. All you're doing is going to sit and drink a glass of wine and talk. But it doesn't matter if you don't have spoons, you can't do anything, even if it would be fun because it's not going to recharge the spoons. Here's the other variable in this very big equation too, is the element of the ever-expanding universe. So if I think of my life, let's say, okay, take COVID out of the equation for a moment, if we can. And you just picture your life, I don't know, two, three years ago. Would you say you have more or fewer commitments in your life now than then? Probably more because that's what happens. In our jobs, we take on more. In our families, we take on more. We develop more friendships, more relationships, maybe more side hustle, more books that we want to read, more, more. There's always more. So if I picture myself three years from now, I am probably not going to have fewer commitments. That's probably, everything is always just going to get bigger. So what that means is that what the amount of spoonage is now is different from then. What I would have considered way beyond the line three years ago is probably just a day in the life now. Yes. Of course, I'm busier now. Of course, I have more things now. So what a spoon is worth and its value and its capable, the spoonage now, what the, damn it, Skyler. That's really good. So the value of a spoon will throw you off because if you picture yourself in the wrong context, like if you get a little bit too, I don't know, like wistful, imagining days of yore, a spoon then is not equal to a spoon now. And the context then is not equal to the context now. Are you saying that there's spoon inflation? Spoon inflation? Spoon inflation. We are all victims of spoon inflation. And that is, that is real. So the challenge is, and happy birthday, Soph mentioned this in the chat just a little while ago, is how do you figure out how many spoons you have? How do you know when A, no, I'm not going to do that again. Sorry. How do you know when the rules of the game keep changing? No, do it, do it, do the alphabet, please. How are you going to know how many spoons you have when A, the value of the spoon has changed, B, the rules of the game have changed, and C, let's go back to all of our connection checks, the future is unwritten. So like if our dear friend Drew had budgeted all of his spoons up front, he wouldn't have been able to do the stage manager thing, which stressful though it is, sounds like super exciting. What an amazing opportunity. Or, excuse me, scrolling. If Tony had budgeted all of his spoons, he wouldn't have been able to take on the busier client work and manage the all over the place client. So you can't use them all. You can't predict how much one is going to be worth. You can't predict the world around you. Oh, wow. This sounds awful. And don't forget too, don't forget too, it takes a spoon to manage your spoons. So you can't even just know. Meta spoons. Oh, well, I clearly have 15 spoons today. It's going to be a great day. It takes a spoon to be able to recognize and acknowledge the amount of spoons that you have and the energy that it goes into, like tracking it takes energy. To be part of this takes energy. Yes. So what I have been doing a lot of introspection with in daily planning is trying to come to grips with the fact that I cannot predict spoons for the day. No matter how much I think I got this, I don't got this. So for me, it's not about like sitting down at 9 a.m. and saying, how many spoons have I got? It's about saying, how many spoons do I feel in this moment? And what are the commitments ahead of me for today? And does that reasonably look like it could line up? And at what points today am I going to set aside a moment to check in and see how I'm doing? How right or wrong was I? Because I can't really predict even to the 24 hour period. But I can get sort of a red, yellow, green sense of like, how is this? And I think that that's really important is to accept that I can't in the like you can do that monthly budget thing and then adhere to it. Cool because money is always going to be money, but a spoon isn't always a spoon. Yes. Well, and in today's day, you know, who knows what that dollar is worth tomorrow? You know? Yeah, that was a poor metaphor. If someone in the metaverse can listen to this episode like two years ago, that would be super. Oh, that would be nice. Yeah. I and it's funny because so I don't necessarily consider myself I'm lucky enough to not have a chronic illness that's of a significant impact on my day. There are days where, you know, my back pain will hurt worse or whatever. That's fine. I can make that adjustment on the day. I sometimes, you know, I will have more of a depressive episode or, you know, anxiety is higher. And so I have to switch into that spoonie mode to like acknowledge and recognize what's going on. But there it's such it's something that I have to be so aware of for those days that I know I need to give myself a lot more grace and forgiveness and using one of those spoons to check in with how many spoons I have is also a way of almost reminding myself that it's okay to not be okay and that it's okay to need a little extra support and it's okay to need a little extra whatever you need just to get through the day. And I mean, yesterday is a perfect example. I had a PT appointment for my jaw situation that I've discussed on previous podcasts. It was a great appointment. I got a couple like micro exercises to help support like my jaw so it will stop hurting when it pops, which it pops anytime I open my mouth too wide. And that was great. And I got home and I started working. I had, you know, my full layout. Here's what I'm going to get done today. I was feeling really, really good. And then I got a call that Nandor was ready at the vet and it lost it. I dropped from that high that I was at into an emotional mess. My productivity went down. I once again did the bare minimum, but I also had to check on my spoons. I had to see throughout that day. I did constant checks and it was okay to see that I had limited energy to get to those spoons that I didn't want to mess with the spoons. I didn't want to even touch on the spoons. And so I laid in bed for a bit and that was okay. And that was forgiveness and grace for myself because I recognized that I did not have the wherewithal to be able to do it. And again, it's not a physical thing. It didn't impact me physically. I could do whatever I needed to do physically, but mentally and emotionally, I was not going to be useful in the ways that my spoons were needed. So as you say that, I think what occurs to me is that it's not also it's not just about managing the spoons. It's being very acutely aware of the drawer. And by that, I mean, what are the what are the constraints that I've gotten? How do I honor them? Right. So we've brought up things like what you have talked about with respect to what you've been through with Nandor. We've talked about chronic illness. We've talked about periods of low energy or certain kinds of feelings. And in all of that, what I think is most important is clear language that helps me understand the drawer. And the last time when I had this chat with Jay, I suffered from not having that clear language because I didn't have a diagnosis yet. Yay, now I have one. It doesn't make anything better. Like I still feel the way I feel. But I have a framework and I have a way to talk about it. And I have a way to talk about it to other people and to myself. So when you know you are going through this period of loss or this chronic illness or the amount of hours or expectation you have at your job or what your family and household demand of you or what your friend circle expects of you, that that's the drawer. And as we've said, everything changes. So being acutely aware of that and having clear language to describe it really helps, I think, when you look at your fistful of spoons and say, where in this drawer am I willing to put these down and where do I need to hold on to them? And so it's being aware of what you have as resource and being aware of what you have as constraint and figuring out how you honor both in a way that is going to be most productive for you and the world that you care about. Yes. Yes, exactly. And all of that, it's funny because when you have to try and explain to somebody what might be going on or if somebody asks you, hey, how are you doing? And you say, fine. And then they say, no, really. Having like, again, it takes a spoon to explain to somebody else what's going on, you know, And a lot of times when I'm asking how somebody is, I will try and add on a bit to it to say, it's OK to not be OK. And if you want to just send me an emoji that says, you know, I don't want to discuss it, but I'm not OK, don't ask me anymore. Because a lot of times it can be really difficult when you are not OK to tell somebody why. Because you have to, it makes it so you have to think about it more and you might just not be ready to talk about it. And especially if you don't have the spoons to manage it and put it together, like that's exhausting and can take two spoons to try and put it together. And that's hard. It's true. That's yes. And what is doubly hard is that you kind of need to do this twice. You need to do this for yourself. Like what can I do? And then you need to do it again for all the people for whom your constraints are going to affect things. So like if I have to renegotiate a timeline with my boss, if I have to renegotiate an expectation of who's doing what with my wife, if I have to call up a friend and renegotiate I have to do that whole spoon exercise like all over again. Like one I've decided what I can and can't do. Now I have to now I have to manage the impacts of that. And I think that I so I think that that is super important to discreetly think about because letting people down through renegotiation is much better than letting people down by surprise. No one likes to be let down by surprise. Unless it's I mean extenuating circumstances and so on. The uncontrollable. But a surprise that didn't have to be a surprise. That's not cool. That's not that's not great. It's it's it's so important I think more than anything else to be honest and then hopefully surrounded by enough people with but with whom you can be honest. And I mean I mean even if not vulnerable at least honest to be able to say transactionally that thing that we were going to do I need to change our plans about this. How about this instead? And coming with a counter proposal as opposed to just a that ain't going to happen. Also a super super super important thing. Yeah. Yeah. And I think I think it's an important to to be able to use that almost as a marker to only bring people in your circle that are okay with needing to renegotiate or reschedule something with some not with some information. If you have somebody that is saying you're always canceling on me and they know your situation maybe don't schedule something with them again if you can. Like because you deserve to be supported in ways that you need. Plain and simple. And if you're if you're able to support them by you know letting them know when you can't do something or when you like need to reschedule as soon as you know that something as soon as you know that you're out of spoons being able to like be like oh there is no way I'm making it to this thing tonight because I can't being able to say hey I have no spoons let's reschedule in the future also is is an option. I think it's important to to recognize empathy in friendships and be able to surround yourself with people that support you. Yes. The other element that I think is is nice about the spoon metaphor is that there's a bit of absolutism to that. So you know if I say to someone you know I'm I'm tired well that's a very subjective language and they say well let's take some caffeine pills and get the road. No no. Whereas whereas because because I'm tired is maybe more fluid than I have no spoons. I mean it's the same as it's the same as showing up at the candy store saying I want a chocolate bar but I got no money so not getting a chocolate bar. Same thing you know my sorry my friend we're not we're not we're not going out we're not doing this thing. I'm not able to do that thing. This is not an this is not an I can't negotiate with my body. I can't. Yeah. I can't I see it's funny because I say this and at the same time I was saying to my wife yesterday like I don't I don't really know what too much is right now because if I if like if you if you say like well when it hurts lie down okay well then I would never get up. Realistically life life goes on like it it hurts stand up so I mean I know I'm arguing against myself now by saying Scott I pushed through it but bear with me a second. Like I there's a there's a new the drawer has changed right so like my body hurts all the time and so now I'm learning when like hurt is just like normal like everyday pedestrian hurt and when is like okay that that is like way too much hurt now I got to stop. So I am exploring the walls of my the walls of my drawer. That is the challenge of the ever expanding universe. But but my my but my point was that like yeah there's there's there's a little bit more hard edge to thinking of things in spoons as opposed to thinking of things in in more nebulous terms like energy levels that go up and down. That that's hard that's hard to communicate both to myself and to others. So jinks. So I like it so I like that element of the metaphor because it means that you can explain to someone like no like this is not this is not a negotiable and it's not it's not fake it's not negotiable and it's not it's this is not a choice I'm making the choice I'm making is how I respond to it but the it is not a thing that I chose. Yes. Yeah yeah it's it's important to understand yourself that you can't pick the it but you can you you know risk you can choose how to respond for the most part and being able to just be the best you you can be with however many spoons that you have. And even if that means it's a day where you're going to lay in bed and do nothing and hopefully you'll be able to hydrate and feed yourself. But and I just I just hope everyone out there has enough love and support in their life to help to have people that understand the spoons and the drawer that you have those spoons in to give you this the support that you need. And I don't know about Scotty but I'm here to love and support on you as much as possible in this para-pal relationship that we have with our amazing listeners. I don't don't you gotta do me like that of course of course I and your will and you are totally you're totally able to speak for me and yes of course of course. Yeah. I think I think that there is a lot of there's a lot of value in that in that distance too. Like some of the conversations I mean like like Kathy like you and I we don't like it's not like we know each other in the way that we've you know hung out for years or anything like that. We know each other by way of the internet and but we can have conversations that are maybe easier to have with someone who's slightly more removed because we can converse like that. And I've been able to find that with with a number of people thanks to the internet. So of course of course I think I think being able to make those kinds of connections and I can be one of them is a is a is a really great and useful element of taking care of oneself. Absolutely. Okay before I segue Scotty is there anything else you wanted to talk about this topic before we move connections? People aren't wearing enough hats. No I've got I've got I've got I've got nothing else. I've got no that's no I want a hat made out of this has given me so much to think about. This is giving me this is giving me so much to think about though Kathy like thank you so much for this conversation because I am I'm gonna now have to like step back and use like eight spoons just to digest all of the things that we've talked about and figure out what on earth I do with all of this but it's but I but I know that it's going to be super useful so thank you. Yeah absolutely and uh hey speaking of connections um what's your connection for the next Fortnite Scotty? My connection for the next Fortnite is going to be to better commit to my rituals of day planning and self check-ins in the spirit of measuring spoons and and filling the walls of the drawer. I think both of those elements are things that I should be checking in on regularly throughout the day and so I don't know what regular means that's a vague term be more absolute Scotty. I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm going to try and be consistent with my with my morning daily plan and two check-ins throughout the day to help me better manage my energy level that will be my connection for the next Fortnite. That is a fantastic connection um I I think my- What would be yours? Yeah I think my connection is going to be getting into a better pattern of eating um I've been slacking by ignoring my do reminders to eat um partially because it's just so hot that food does not seem interesting um which is not good for me so I am going to eat my three meals a day and two snacks um at least like as often as I can. How about that? Eat my foods. Yes at least as often as you can is the I mean that's a green in the making which I I'm looking forward to I hope that um I hope that Jay makes sure that everything is green. Yes always always that's our that's our goal. When I submit mine. Yes we will make sure it's a green uh and starting in with our incredible conductors our pathologists of the show Laura uh their new connection is know by Fortnite to only buy food and necessities like gas etc. Too many impulse summer purchases. I definitely don't know anything about that hides the receipt for the pool extras that I bought. I don't have a pool I bought them for friends because I wanted to bring a glitter sparkly blow up beach ball and drink holders for the edge of their pool um and extra goggles because I wanted to um but I probably shouldn't but I did uh so I love that connection Laura and uh maybe that should have been mine. You can have more than one. No. You're gonna get green on it anyway you might as well have you know what you should have like 30 connections. Oh my gosh no. Just kidding. On the Spoon Show I make that joke come on. Um the birthday oracle of the show. So uh new connection get started on some writing projects that I've been stuck on and finish at least one. Uh so if we absolutely believe in you I thought I go for it uh and uh and enjoy enjoy the process. I love that. All right Debra our soprano of the show new connection deal with some stuff around that house that will involve finding appropriate trades people and making phone calls. Scary I know. Oh my goodness Debra. Yes making those phone calls and finding finding people can be really really hard especially when like a very low bar of I just want to find somebody that will answer my call like and do the project that you're hiring them to do. So I wish you all of the best luck. Um you can do it. Yes yes uh speaking of conduit it conduiting it. Nope you can't conjugate that. Uh Drew the playwright of the show no new connection just focus on this temporary spike in responsibility uh respect. Um you've got uh plenty going on with your new stage manager gig and I hope it goes so well for you. Um I think focusing on that and um having the foresight to not make another new connection uh is probably very reasonable and a good idea. So uh good planning. Yeah uh so that's a green check mark for you um which is great. Already already already green check mark. Good job Drew. Yes. All right our owl of the show Kate uh slowly getting back into the work try and get everything done fairly quickly but not push themselves too much while still recovering. Hopefully they get back to them about the extension. I hope that by the time this publishes you have a reply and that they are understanding because you deserve that understanding and I think that um if they're not then they're jerks and I will send a blue dragon to breathe fire in their face. Yes I hope they reply with simply a green check mark actually. Yes. That would be the most appropriate the most appropriate reaction. Absolutely. Uh Sky speaking of the uh blue dragon uh of the blue dragon of the show the skyler blue new connection be kinder to myself when I am allowed to relax because I know if I don't keep myself in check I will work myself into the ground. That sounds like a great idea. That sounds like I mean that's spoon management right there. That's yeah um I mean based on all the things that we've talked about and all the wonderful things that you've been typing here uh I think that's a that's a pre-flight uh pre-flight green. Yes. Check. Yes you can do it for sure. All right team test's next connection our entire advocate of the show they have a work trip and their first international travel in two and a half years so they're going to keep it simple and the connection will be to make it through all of that. I cannot wait to hear about your trip. I hope it's incredible and safe and you find some time to have fun in there even though it's a work trip uh enjoy find a little portion to enjoy. Yes yeah I mean that's that's a that's an experience I mean it's been a long time right so um just soak that up be in uh every moment of that. Yes. Uh the tony of the show uh tony uh get better at doing what's on my to-do list and not what's burrowed itself into my brain. That's a good connection check with the asterisks that that it means that it assumes that what is on your to-do list is the most important thing to do. We're getting a little jangle there I'm just going to pause for effect. That assumes that what is on your to-do list is the most important thing to do. Um maybe something is burrowed into your brain for a reason and maybe that needs to be on your to-do list. Yeah. I mean doing what is most important in a moment and honoring one's spoons and drawers um that is worth considering. So I I I hear the intent of this and I and I get it you know it's you you've got a planned set of things that you want to do you don't want to get distracted that's what I hear from this and that's I think that's excellent but I think allowing yourself also to consider that you know maybe what you thought was the most important thing on one day is is is less important than something else the next. So you know give yourself room. I mean it's a green in the making either way but uh that's uh that's a really cool um that's a really cool aim there. Yeah especially if you can find out why what's why it's burrowed something's burrowed in your brain um because it sounds fairly important to your brain uh is doing what it what it's doing there. Um our last connection for this episode comes from James. I can never remember if he is the calculator of the show, the panda of the show, the dice of the show. He's all three the cal calculator panda dice. I don't know uh but his connection is he's going to try and cheer up his good friend whose name starts K that's me uh as he can over the coming weeks because uh she deserves it and I love this because James already does a very fantastic job of checking in on me um and I appreciate every moment that he takes to spend time um on little of me. We have our timing down and so I get to yell at him to go to sleep at the end of the day and then he'll send me a TikTok and I'll be like you should be asleep but I'm also going to watch this TikTok. It's it's a it's a whole cycle um so I'm excited for that big green checkbox to come. And no doubt and then and you get to benefit from it which is nice. Exactly I deserve it. Look at that a reverse jar. Yes. Uh if you would like to submit a connection uh and become a conduit conductor you can do so on Twitter by tweeting at conduit FM using the hashtag my conduit or hang out with us in the relay discord with the question mark my conduit. You can also join us in the uh show follow-up. Start your message with the conduit emoji and then put in your connection and it gets pushed into our magical spreadsheet that Jay is not allowed to touch. Um we would love to have you as a member of conduit. Hang out and support us financially as well as listening. Um we greatly appreciate it but it means if you're a member of relay you can hang out in the discord with us. Um one of the great things that the relay discord has coming down the pipes is our monthly spotlight episodes where I get to interview a host of the show like of a show on the network. First episode is already out in the feed uh with Jason Snell. It was fantastic. I had so much fun. It's fantastic if I say so myself which I will. Um but it was so much fun and uh as a listener to conduit I'm going to give you a sneak peek on who the next spotlight episode will be. We'll be talking with Christina Warren from Rocket. Uh so join us in the discord before Monday July 18th and you can send questions uh to Christina to ask for me to ask on the podcast. Um we're so excited that you are here that you're listening to this. I love you all so much and Scotty thank you for taking spoons out of your drawer to hang out and chat with me because I cannot put into words how grateful I am for you to be here. Um and it's just been absolutely wonderful to spend time with you today. Kathy this has been an absolute honour and a pleasure and it's so good to chat with you. Thank you so much for having me. Thank you so much for um thinking of me and uh and now making it a contractual obligation. So uh next time that international travel kicks in um my lawyers will call your lawyers. Yes perfect. I'm excited for lots of international travel in the future if only so we can chat with you. So uh Scotty I only have one last question for you. Did we conduit? Oh boy. Oh Kathy we conduit.