---
description: "Toxic productivity & toxic positivity are just that: TOXIC. \r\nFailure
  happens. Our goal is find the lesson from it, stay focused on our goal & adapt.
  \r\nThis week, we share some failure & discuss how we change our own red circles
  to green or yellow ones."
pub_date: July 28th, 2022
title: '28: When Failure Happens'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/28
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we condue our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that hopes you reconsider your failures as condarnets. I'm Jay and with me is the amazing unicorn of the internet, the one Kathy Campbell. We're back together again. Oh my goodness. It has been my, my last two weeks have been so busy that I didn't realize that we hadn't talked to each other like on the show in a month and I hate it and it should never happen again. But we can't promise that. We'll see. We will see. And it looks like Jay, you are very quiet. So if you can, very quiet, yes. Adjust your levels, levels, levels, levels. How's that better? Thank you Javier as always for adjusting our levels. Okay, perfect. Yay. Awesome. Amazing. So yeah, we haven't talked to each other other than the random, you know, Gen X phone calls that you give me out of nowhere that make me think that you're dead, which is fine. But you've been gone. Where were you at, Jay? I mean, people know, but also like, let's, you could tell them. Yeah, let's, let's do some, we'll do, I'll do my first shout out and segue into the conferences that I attended, EuroPython and MaxDoc. So I got to go to Europe, not for the first time, but for the first time in a while, it's been like decades, like a decade at least and more since I'd been to Europe and I got to go to Dublin and Ireland and it was amazing. And I wish I could move there and so many wonderful things. And I had people from Brazil that caught me walking down the street and like shouted out Jay and then proceeded to like tell me about stuff that I had made on the Internet and how they were a big fan and took pictures. And I was so embarrassed. But also like it was the wildest experience of my life. And I'm so here for it. So shout out to them. That's incredible. Shout out to them. Absolutely incredible. And then and then this past weekend, I was at MaxDoc, which it was my first time at MaxDoc. I had a great time. I had so many wonderful conversations and things that like I did not even expect to be like talking about because I thought it was going to be all about the Mac and just so many amazing people. Shout out to some of the awesome people who I've followed for years and finally got to meet in person for the first time. I got to meet Dr. Drank like nobody gets to me, Dr. Drank. I didn't even realize I'd met Dr. Drank until someone told me I had met Dr. Drank. So shout out to that. And then one last kind of a bonus one is to anime and things. The organizer of MaxDoc, his name is Mike Potter. His wife owns an anime store. And we went there and I got to buy my daughter her first graphic novel. And of course, I bought stuff for myself and for my wife. And it was it was such a wonderful little store and they ship all across the US. And they started, I believe, a few months before the pandemic. And they they survived the pandemic, which is great. But also, it's been because of so many people around the world that continue to buy things from them. So if you're in the US, I don't know what their international shipping stuff is. I know they can ship to Canada. I don't know much else, but there will be a link in the show notes to anime and things. And yeah, if you've got some stuff that you want to buy, some games, some graphic novels, then check out. Check that out. OK, I'm done with all my shout outs. Kathy, what about you? Except there's this one line in the notes that oh, oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So at Max stock, there was a talk by David Ginsburg about streaming services and things like that. And they did a walkthrough on like all the different services. And in the first one, they were talking about Apple Podcasts. And I was like, hey, can you show people how to do like a podcast review? And you could probably try that with a podcast called Conduit. And he totally did, which was the best part. And then after that, he went through the rest of the presentation talking about other applications that he had, like other podcasts, applications and Spotify and all that. And Conduit kept popping up as different podcasts to like check out. And I was like that moment when you see your podcast and people's talks and only half of them are organically. Amazing. I love it. And I think that that goes into a great little spot here that, hey, if you like Conduit, please leave us a review. So other people can find us too. And sorry, I just realized that my air conditioning was still running. So I apologize, Javier and everyone else who had to listen to that. But I turned it off now, so we're good. I want to give a shout out to the new designer for Relay that Mike and Steven talked about in Backstage, which if you are not a Relay FM member, you definitely want to check that out because we have some really awesome. There's some great behind the scenes conversations that happen in the backstage and also Spotlight, where I get to interview Relay FM hosts from questions in the Discord. And the Discord, by the way, is also a membership perk. So hang out with us in the Discord and ask questions for Spotlight. But you can also listen to us live. We are live every other Tuesday at one o'clock Pacific time. Do your math thing timewise as you would like. But this all to say, look at that that segue back to the beginning of the conversation. We have a new designer and we're so excited to share. Hopefully next time we'll see a little preview of something that we have coming up for our fans and and conductors for the Conduit audience. So stay tuned for something really, really cool coming. I am super stoked. And also, I wasn't the person to give people a teaser. So, yeah. And then lastly, we have a shout out to both of our spouses. This during the the fortnight between episodes, Kathy and I both celebrated anniversaries. So it you know, it's great that, you know, two friends who can now remind each other that their anniversary is coming up. It came up, both of us, both of us forgot that it was the day of our anniversary, the day of. I don't know about Jay, but my spouse also forgot. So it's not a big deal. Like it was it was fine. But yeah, we. Yeah, it's we love our spouses. We're very, very lucky with our relationships. And that includes each other. Huzzah. And it's time to celebrate what the the whole community has been up to in the last week because or two weeks because it's time for a connection check that. I love it when it peaks. Yeah, I'm working on this part. I have a list of options for Marco for limiters, so we can quit the peaking. How's that? So so we're working. I don't know. It's all good. It's all fine. But sorry, it's your show. I was just going to say, Kathy, what was your connection? My connection was to eat foods more consistently. And I definitely I made more meals and I was definitely more cognitive, like I made better choices, not better as in, you know, quote unquote good or bad foods or whatever. But I intentionally commented and like concentrated on making sure that I fueled my body. So I'm going to give that a big green checkmark for myself. What about you, Jay? How did you do? So I remember you messaging me the like the day of the episode that I was or the day of the recording of the episode that I was supposed to that I wasn't on. And I was like, ah, I'm in the middle of Ireland walking. I don't know what's going on. I was supposed to make content. I made content. And now my connection is to make more content. I must have been on cloud nine because when my feet hit the ground, like my legs just shattered and like no content was made. But I will say that I was riding the high of having released a video and and doing all this other stuff. So there is a lot of content pieces that should become content in the near future. But in the end, nothing was finished. And I think, you know, kind of some failure on my systems that which is something that we're going to talk about a little bit more later is kind of to blame for that, but also not having some of my trusted systems around me because of all the travel that I was doing kind of. And then also just a lack of recognition of how busy I was going to be for like those two weeks. Like, I really think I set myself up. So I fooled myself. I played myself as some people would say. So, yeah, I wanted to make more content. I tried to make more content, but there literally just was not enough. Like time in the fortnight for me to to solidify anything. That makes sense. That makes sense for sure. All right. So hey, Scotty J, our Scotty of the show. Their connection check is a big green square. He automated morning planning and preplanned check ins that even text his wife so she knows when they are, which is great. It's fantastic. I love that. Get those automated check ins. And then our nameless of the show, Robert says connection check three green check boxes are three green boxes. It's been a long time since checking in. So a lot has happened work wise. I've not had the opportunity to have meaningful conversations about the next role on my end, but I've made connections with people in these roles and haven't stopped thinking about it. Yes. Wedding wise, we got a cover palette, a color palette of silver and purple. And at the time of writing, we're about 60 days away from the wedding. We have a shared to do list that we're dumping all the to do's for the wedding. I love the collaborative planning. And then lastly, we have a cake vendor paid for the food vendor paid for the florist contracted. I feel like this Welcome to Conduit, the wedding planning podcast. This is this is so great because I'm reading all of this and I'm like, is there anything that we're forgetting? And I realize it's not even my wedding. So congratulations on getting all of this stuff taken care of. And we knew you could do it. It's especially amazing because my brother is currently planning his wedding and is not nearly as organized, which isn't bad. But oh, my goodness, is it stressing me out. So well done. All right. Next up, we have to do to do to do. All right. Deborah, our soprano of the show, has a big green checkmark as well. She called several plumbers and managed to get one to actually come to her house to solve two small problems and rule out several possibilities and have a plausible theory for the larger problem. Fantastic. I hope it continues to go well and stays dry because that your your liquid issue is stressing me out and I don't even have to live there. So I hope that you have an answer soon. Stressing liquids, the pan of the show. James says connection check question mark. I don't think I can personally rate whether my whether I was as successful in my connection for the last four night, but I have done my best to cheer up my friend. Hey, you did something. So I I think if you were able to cheer someone up, like, let's let's celebrate that as a victory. And being the person that he was working that his connection was related to, I can say, yes, he has a big green checkmark. I was trying to keep people anonymous and you go out here and you get out yourself. I know, but it's OK, because it's myself. All right, Scott, our guitarist of the show has a connection check of a green heart with a question mark. He has been absent from connection checks for the last few fortnights. Life has been a lot recently and that is 100 percent OK. This is never meant to be an like an extra obligation. We want you to hang out and send accountability things because you want it. You are never obligated. You're still a conductor, even if you don't send a connection. If you listen to us, if you're with us, if you hang out with us, you are a conductor. And we understand life can be a lot and it can be difficult and it can be. And it can be just so hard. And so we're here when you're ready and we're here if you're not either way. Like we still will be here cheering you on. And be super happy to hear from you. Just like now, Scott, I'm so glad that you are here. I've run to the show done under Ellen. Thank you. Says Green Check. It's been a minute. Work has work has been and continues to be absolutely exhausting nightmare. But I made it through the six weeks. My boss was away on holidays and I was flying solo and I mostly survived. I was in the car. I was in the car. I was in the car. I was in the car. I was in the car. And I was in the car. I was in the car. I was in the car. So I made it through the six weeks. I was flying solo and I mostly survived. Yeah. Oh, sorry. They're inside joke because someone did my part of the job and then also left in the next part that I'd normally leave in by mistake. So ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Anyway, going back to Ellen, Ellen, I I feel you. And I love that you looked at it like hey, boss was on holiday. I was flying solo and I survived. I have, that has been me a lot lately of like, hey, I did the thing and I, and I, I managed to come out of it unscathed. So congratulations on your unscathed. Yes. All right. So far, Oracle of the show put a green apple and says that their connection was to start two pieces of writing that they were avoiding and finish one. They very nearly finished the first and started the second. So they're giving themselves a green apple because they know that Kathy and Jay will if they don't. And yes, I agree that your goal was to start two pieces and finish one. And because you've very nearly finished the one and you probably, let's be honest, we'll finish that one before this podcast publishes. So that's why, yes, we would give you the green apple because you did meet that. And this ties into a future conversation. So I guess keep listening to the episode. And then our tire advocate of the show, Cheating Toss says, connection check green, air, well, green next to airplane. I survived the business travel. It was incredibly tiring and hectic. Hey, me too. But everything went smoothly. Again, I love how a lot of our connections, we can all kind of relate to each other based on like things happening in our lives and kind of sharing in some of these things happening. And I really love that we're able to find positivity and like someone else is doing this right now and they have the same feelings that I have. At least for me, that helps me validate that I'm not just a broken, hot mess and that, in fact, I also can do it. So thank you, Chintos, for your unknowingly moment of positivity in my life. Our blue dragon of the show, Skylar, has a blue heart and they said that they did their best to not work themselves into the ground. Mostly did this by setting a time at the beginning of the day to say that they will not work past this point. And with the extra free time, they've gotten back into a fun hobby. This is perfection. You absolutely did what you needed to do to find those boundaries, to figure out how you can give yourself the time that you need and support to be successful in resting. And so I love everything about this connection. So thank you for sharing, Skylar. Our sloth of the show, Ankenu, says, connection check. Yellow circle. It took only eight fortnight, but I managed to follow up. Between reticence to do the thing after the first step being a bounce and being unable to attend the Conduit Live show since early April, I allowed things to slide. But today I reached out to a mental health service provider and got the ball rolling on improving my brain. Yes, that's awesome. Result the office is closed until September. I'll have to call back. Ah, okay. Well, baby steps. Green successful in making a follow up. So yes, thank you so much. And also thank you for taking that first step. It is hard and it's actually something that I need to do as well. So thank you for another example of doing the thing and coming out unscathed. Yes, absolutely. All right. Our pathologist of the show, Laura, has a green book that she would give herself a yellow, but she knows y'all are going to change it. So she just went ahead and said green. She definitely bought more than just necessities, but did at least do less impulse buying when she remembered that this is a thing that she was working on. And this is exactly it. No one knows ever going to be perfect. And there's an idea that being able to have that awareness and make the adjustments as needed to do the best that you can is pretty, pretty fantastic. So well flipping done. Our owl of the show, Kate says they finally got confirmation of an extension from their uni work and they've been slowly getting back into the work and they're happy with the progress. Awesome. I am so glad that they are happy. Yes. All right. Rael Z, our train enthusiast. Wow. Train enthusiast of the show. Enthusiast? Enthusiast! Has a yellow circle. Did fitness plus once then the heat wave hit, then completely forgotten. Job search still going. Did a referral. Forgot to apply. Solid yellow circle. Working towards remembering can be a huge difficulty with, you know, success and and working towards being productive. You know, growing up, I loved getting my planner for school and then I would always forget to bring it, take it out and write in it, let alone read it. So this is something, you know, tricking your brain into finding a way to make to remind yourself how to do it. Like, you know, recognizing that that limitation and and the parts that are hard and and working towards trying to get a little bit better. So well done. This has been such a fulfilling connection check, at least for me, because I think we had a lot of the different things that we want to talk about, which is the idea of like defining what success and what failure is. And, Kathy, I know, at least for me, in this in this like month of lots of travel and things like that and happening, I have felt very much like I've had so many successes and so many failures that I can't grade the last month. I can't like if someone were like inspecting my life in the last month, I feel like they would come in the middle and it would be like a giant yellow circle. And I want to be positive about it. But honestly, I feel like there's some failures in there that I just have to like think about and address. Absolutely. I mean, I just think about the reason that I missed that I wasn't on the show a month ago now, that emotional roller coaster about losing Nandor and all of the absolutely exhausting levels that we went through. But then also the super high, because in between these last two episodes, we actually have a new member of our family. We've welcomed Ophelia into the house, who we have sent out a DNA test. Turns out she's 100 percent something, but we don't know what what she is yet. So we'll find out what breed she is. She is just a mess and we love her. And welcoming her into our family has has changed my mental state, but also made me realize just how sad and depressed I was before. And it's it's been a journey because when I was in that that place, my sense systems completely fell apart. I did next to nothing other than just survive and just do the absolute bare minimum. And things fell through the cracks, which has made me realize that I need to make some changes to it, which doesn't necessarily mean that the way I did things before failed. Except now they're not working. So, yes, you could say that it's a failure. But you could also say it's not. I don't know, it depends because and we don't want this to be toxic positivity. We don't want it to be toxic productivity. None of that is healthy or supportive or anything. And so we want to make sure that you can give yourself grace, but also be realistic, I think is an important way to to think about things. Yeah, I mean, I'm very much similar, like in a similar boat where I've you know, since episode one, we've had systems and our systems have evolved slowly but surely. And one part of my system was like living in this notebook. And to be honest, I haven't been living in my notebook. You know, I haven't lived in my notebook probably in the last month and a half. And I always have a conversation with our good friend, see last episode, Scotty Jackson. And I say, you know, a trusted system is only as good as it's trusted. So like when you when you lose trust in your trusted system, it's important to recognize that. And and I mean, again, I've had so many amazing conversations. I can I can think about so many of them right now. But one of them that really stood out was the idea of how I got to analog productivity in the first place, which was I tried all the apps, the apps didn't work. And in between trying all a different app between different times, I would always just write stuff in a notebook just so that I could keep my head above water. And eventually I said, like, oh, well, just just reach for the in case of emergency, break glass and just stick with that. And now that's failing me. And what I've been doing since then is a different form of in case of emergency, which is writing everything on a big sheet of paper. And honestly, going that road for right now has been at least making sure that things don't slip through the cracks. Sometimes things don't get done. But at least like now I have a new in case of emergency break glass. And I'm to the point now where I'm almost tempted to say, let me just stick with that for now. Like, let me just continue to use this new system, because eventually I wore the tires off of the old one tires. It all comes down to tires. It all comes down to tires. Yeah, I agree. One hundred percent. I've been doing a very analog system myself, but I'm learning that if I'm now now that things pandemic stills on still stills on. The pandemic still exists. It still affects a lot of things that I do. And yet there are still more times now that I am out and about, which means I'm not sitting at my desk, which means I don't have my piece of paper to write down. So if I get a message from a client and I'm out getting groceries or something, I can't necessarily write it on the piece of paper that I have, which means it will get lost and forgotten like it did yesterday. For example, I had somebody send me a message. They're gone on vacation. They realized they needed to have something sent and messaged me. And I said, sure. But I was out at book club and didn't write it down because I didn't have my notebook with me. I was not going to pull it out. You know, none of this happened. And so today and yesterday, in fact, I have been trying to figure out how to get something, not something that can work while I'm out and about sometimes. So it's been it's been interesting, especially because this is not the first time that this has happened. And it's not the first time that I've had like started putting thought into a way to make something else work. So I'm in that that strange space of am I going to burn it all down and do nothing for a while and try and build something back up? Am I going to find inspiration from, you know, all of these magical apps that might make it, you know, magically make me productive, which spoiler alert, they don't exist. They really don't know. I love how your your burn it down came with and take inspiration from. That's that's something that I mean, even going back to when I was in Austin earlier this year, you know, I hung out with a friend who has such a healthy way of doing work that it inspired me. And it was like, wow, you know, we're in the middle of the workday taking meetings in the car and people be like, that's that's horrible. Don't do that. But then, like on our way to a yoga studio to, like, decompress after that meeting and then going and grabbing coffee and changing our environment and doing that. And I'm like, oh, wow, I should totally look at incorporating some of that stuff into my system. And, you know, walking, I because of jet lag, mostly, I woke up at like four in the morning every single day when I was in Dublin. And again, people would be like, well, that's terrible. But like that meant that nothing was open. And for an entire week, I had a mile and a half walk to the convention center that I was working at. And I took that time in the morning to just walk and take the slow, you know, hour and a half just walking through the streets of Dublin as it was closed and taking tons of pictures and like centering myself and just thinking about like what I wanted to do that day. And again, having that moment of inspiration, being like, wow, I should really look at like doing that in my day to day. But then, of course, I get back home, I sit down on my desk and I act like I just didn't do any of those things before. I feel this so deeply because when I was farm setting, I had that same morning essence, you know, it was a different place. So I didn't, you know, I slept pretty well, but I would wake up early. And because I didn't have the other chores that I was doing, I was able to have a moment where I sat outside on the porch, drank my coffee and read a book before I started working. And I was like, wow, this has been really, really nice. I should do this. Guess how many times I've done it since then. The answer is zero. And so if I had in that moment, if I had had a conduction, if I had had a connection, time to put that together, I would have had that be my connection. And maybe I would have done it because I would have had that reminder and that external pressure, even though it's on cell, it's like self accepted. Like it's not outside accountability is how I work best. That's how I get things done by presenting them and having other people, you know, support me in that and know that there are things going on. And so this is what for me, this is what the connections are. It's that, that ability to say, this is something I want to get better at. This is something I want to work on. This is something I want to pay attention to. And I want to make sure that other people know about it so that they can either ask me about it or in two weeks when we have another podcast episode, we're going to talk about it. And so it's not, it's never meant to be forcing anyone to do anything. It's never meant to be toxic productivity. And I know, like we had a conversation in the discord a little bit earlier today about this idea of like what failure and making sure that we're not cheerpressure-y, which is something that Ankenu wrote, which I really, really, really loved because that's not, that's not what we want to do. So I appreciate this reminder on why we're doing these and what we're doing. I mean, this is our episode. This is our 28th episode. We've been doing this for 28 fortnights. That's bananas in my brain. Like, I am so happy with the community that we have and I'm excited for it to expand and I love every single one of our conductors because you make this show what it is and I'm excited to continue and grow both myself, but also be along with your journey too, and I realize that this is becoming like very like Ted talk almost, but I don't, I don't want it to be that way. But I'm, I'm just excited to, to, to adjust our course a little bit, maybe dial in our electricity a little bit. I'm trying to turn it around to conduit and tweak it a little bit. I definitely think that there is a, an understanding of mindset that has to happen in, in even just working with people. I think that this is, this is something that good teammates kind of understand. Uh, and this is something that I think people who are trying to flex their empathy muscles also understand of like it to empathize with you is to, to experience that feeling with you and to, to do that, you, you don't bring all of the same mental pressures, energy or baggage, uh, to that thing happening. Um, obviously like I can empathize with, you know, what happened with Kathy, because we've had similar things happen in the past with us, with our, with our, you know, furry friends and, and having to, to like lose them before you're ready. But that said the experiences that I had with, with our golden retriever don't equate nor should they to Kathy's experiences. So like, while my, while me wanting to empathize with her can be a moment of like, I'm trying to turn this very red thing into a green thing, that's not necessarily what is going to happen. Yeah. And I think this is a good example of how much we learn from the community. It's never our intention to make someone completely ignore failure, but it is kind of our goal to have people look at failure as something different, something to either bounce back from, to evolve from, to adapt from, and like, like, like I've, like, we've been kind of saying repeatedly here is like in all of these moments where we did something that like kind of sucked, like something good came out of it, but again, if, if we have these moments of inspiration, these moments of clarity, and then we do nothing with it, then yeah, that that's a failure. But if we have that moment and we're like, Hey, I'm going to do this thing. I'm going to look at it this way. And now I'm going to act off of what I've just done. That does take, you know, in our case, a red circle and maybe turn it into something yellow or turn it into something green. So I want, I don't want to push back on the idea that maybe we are. A little overly cheerful. Also, I think that if we did a show where we were just kind of dooming gloom all the time, it would be really, really like not the show that people want to listen to. That's not a show I would want to do. Right. But I do, I hope that we can continue to encourage people to look at their red dots as like, okay, it was a red dot. It happened. Is there a way that we can make this yellow or green? Not necessarily saying that what happened didn't happen the way that it was perceived. Yeah, that's the idea that something good can come out of failure and that it's not, it's only truly failure if you don't learn from it. That you, if you don't want to continue to grow and not continue to change, it's also kind of this idea that you, the first time you do something, you're never going to be an expert. You can't, you know, pick up a paintbrush and be an incredible painter immediately. Like there, there has to be some, some time and effort into it and being able to flex that connection muscle. Maybe I was trying to think of something. I, one of these days I need to work more on like learning more about electricity. Um, because then I can maybe make some better connection, like electrical connections to it. Um, but until then we'll just have to continue with our terrible, terrible puns as they con up, con cone up. No, no, no, we're going to stop right there. We're going to take these failures of puns and learn from them. Yes, exactly. But I think that that kind of leads us into our connections for the next fortnight, um, you get to go first. I mean, technically I went first in the connection check, but that's fine. Um, I am going to do what I thought about doing and I'm going to take me time in the morning. Um, again, it's, it's hard with a puppy. Um, because Ophelia is six months old, so she's not super baby, but baby enough that, um, she does have to like be taken out to go to the potty. However, I can leave her in the kennel a little bit longer, um, and maybe drink my coffee in my hammock in the morning and read a book or journal or do something that's not at my computer. Um, and not just diving right into my day. So I'm going to take a little bit of meat, a little bit of me time. I like that. I can't take me time because my daughter wakes me up in the morning. So my, my, uh, my me time is immediately interrupted. Um, but I like that. I have a very kind of tangible, like, let's learn from our mistake and continue to do the same thing, but different. Uh, as I mentioned, I've been kind of working off of this big piece of paper and my goal hopefully for the next fortnight will be to put some structure on paper and I'm going to be able to do that. So I'm going to be able to do that. Put some structure on paper. So I can accept that if it keeps my head afloat, it's probably good enough. And maybe where I failed in the last couple of weeks hasn't been necessarily in the planning side of it as much of the, like, okay, but you didn't plan. You, you, you basically gave yourself too much from the start and you just tried to plan your way to do all of it. So I think solidifying the planning part and then just remembering like, Hey, maybe don't do so much this time. Maybe do a little bit less and having everything on one big piece of paper and saying like, that's all you get for the week is one big piece of paper. I'm hoping we'll maybe create a little bit of friction in what I can do in a structured week. So, yeah, I'm going to my if I need to put this in words so I can write it down, continue to develop and play around with the big piece of paper system. I love that. I love that that progress that we're hitting. It's great. What about our conductors? What are they going to be working on for the next couple of weeks? Yeah, Robert, our nameless of the show, is going to work on a system for their tasks, calling back to the show's first episodes. They're currently have a they currently have a listing for a home for sale. Need to make a social media post for it. Also want to finally post their graduation pictures from December twenty twenty one. They had a mental block because they graduated later than their peers from high school, but they want to get over it and just make the dang post. Absolutely. Just do it. You can do it. Lastly, they need to follow up on their guest RSVP's creative vision board for the whole of the decor that can be shared across all the people helping and buy a guest book. I love this connection because it has very specific like pieces to it. So I can't wait to see it all checked off in the next two weeks. And then our soprano of the show, Deborah, says a new MacBook Air is supposed to arrive this week, so I'll be setting that up. Hey, you got one, too. I should probably add that to my system because I also got a new MacBook Air and I wanted to record from it today. But unfortunately, I was too scared. I mean, it's just because it's been fine in the past doesn't mean it will be fine in the future. So I appreciate that. Our panda of the show, his new connection is he will keep working away on the big changes he needs to make to his code, but also recognize the physical limits and stop when he needs to. Don't worry, James, I will be here to tell you to stop as well. Our guitarist of the show, Scott, says we're moving. It wasn't planned, but an opportunity came up that puts us closer to family and friends and church. I'm also interviewing for a new job that wasn't planned either. I'm on the second round of interviews and my connection to manage my spoon so I can give attention to each of those events, as well as my current job, my wife and my hobbies. Again, I love this because it's it's while still taking advantage of new opportunities as they come up, trying to remind themselves to provide a little bit of perspective, but also keeping up with the spoons theory of like no matter how many new things pop up. I only got so many spoons that I can devote to all of the existing and new things. So you can do it, Scott. Absolutely. Our friend of the show down under, is going to take a week off and decompress and only check the work phone once a day for emergencies. Oh, yeah, I know that these last six weeks that your boss has been gone has been so stressful and I cannot even begin to understand that level of stress. So I'm super proud of you for like recognizing that, yes, you probably should check for emergencies, especially from someone being gone for so long, but that you're going to concentrate on that decompression. And I can't wait to hear how refreshed you are. And then our oracle of the show, Sof says, my book is out on Friday. I think the official date is Sunday, but that's unlikely. So I want to link. I don't know when I'll get the link, but I want to link. I would like to be chill with this no matter what happens, whether it gets lots of publicity or not a whisper. Most of the promotional events aren't till September, which could help me not panic too much. So I just want to say you freaking wrote a book like that's getting published ice cream. Or if ice cream is not your thing, you can you can celebrate however you want. But yes, I am. Congratulations. You have you have connected your way through an entire publication. And I am amazed at that. But also, I can't wait to see the the results of all the hard work you put in. Real time follow up in the discord live chat. Sof says that they totally want ice cream now and they're gonna because you deserve it. Heck to the yes. Our tire advocate of the show, Chintas, the next connection is brave talking to at least two companies about getting solar panels fitted. Yeah, I cannot wait to hear how that goes, because I have definitely thought about that, too. So you can talk to the people. And our blue dragon of the show, Skyler, says, start packing. It feels weird to say, but I'm a little over two weeks away from moving back into the university campus. Oh, the summer went by so fast. Oh, my goodness. So happy that you're again, continuing the journey and continuing the process of finishing school and stuff. So you can do it. Heck, yeah. All right. Sloth of the show on canoe. Next connection is to teach themselves the rules for a new game and paint up some miniatures before a scheduled test game in two weeks. Hobby fun with the deadline. I really like that. That kind of. You're going to have fun with this and kind of learn and explore something new. But having a deadline, which kind of adds some structure to that, which I know can be helpful for some people. So I'm super excited to hear how it goes. And I don't know what this game is, but I do know if you need miniatures, you can go to anime and things see the earlier shout out for that. Also, I make zero dollars and zero cents off of anything purchased from anime and things. Pathologists of the show, Laura says to take an actual lunch break, at least 20 minutes, preferably closer to 45 minutes with reading or a walk. But something totally not work related. Yeah. I should probably start doing that as well. I've been getting into that bad habit again of like taking lunch at my desk, which just means doing work with food. So, yeah. Yeah, I need to get back into that. I definitely had that was one of my connections in the past, and it was really, really helpful. And I need to do that again. All right. Our hello of the show, Jumbo, has not really had any connections recently and want to get back in the habit and to have some accountability. Exactly. So here we go. He says, wedding is quickly approaching. So he needs to tidy a lot of we things up, going to get their rings fitted tomorrow. We also need to send some extra invites to cover some people that can't come and finalize our vows. Yes, we are saying our own for maximal maximum emotional impact. I love when vows are done and written by themselves, like by the couple, because it hits emotionally. I chose not to because I didn't trust that I could say anything other than being told what to say. So I can't wait to hear how it goes. And good luck putting your love into words. Our all of the show, Kate says, keep doing the work for the deadline. Yes, the thing is the thing is still looming. Keep doing the thing. It works. Yes. All right. Lastly, our train enthusiasts of the show, you mean enthusiast enthusiast is going to exist and keep moving towards my goals. Yes, that is the perfect connection because you can do it. If you would like to submit a connection, you can do so on Twitter by tweeting at conduit FM using the hashtag my conduit or in the relay FM discord with question mark my conduit. Visit relay dot FM slash conduit to become a member today. Kathy, it's it's been a month since we talked to each other. And I feel like this was a great ketchup and mustard and mayonnaise and aioli. Sorry, I'm hungry. It's lunchtime. So, Kathy, did we can't do it? Heck, yeah, we can did it together.