---
description: Looking to get away from the madness? Well, get some fun sounds and learn
  how to get away with us!
pub_date: August 12th, 2021
title: '3: Getting Away, Now!'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/3
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we condue our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit. I'm Jay. I'm Kathy. This week is going to be so much fun. Before we get started, I just want to say a huge thank you to all of the folks out there that have been connecting with us. We've been on Relay FM Switch on for a month now. It's just been a blast. It's been so welcoming. I feel like I get a hug every time someone makes any sort of reference or comment or connection in any sort of interaction with us, both in the Discord or on Twitter. We love that you love the show. We are so excited and happy to be here and love that you love it as much as we do. We're super excited. Speaking of connections, I think we need to check our connections. Check that. Check that. Uh-huh. Let's check our connections. For those that don't know how connections work, normally it isn't just Kathy yelling zap, but it might be in the future. If you want to hear more zaps from Kathy, trust me, we have them. Each week, we promise to take something that we learned from the previous episode and apply it to our systems, hopefully that we can grow a little bit, just not in maturity apparently, and also use it to learn a little bit more about what we're doing. So Kathy, what was your connection? My connection from last episode was to get or create a can't even button. Now, a little peek behind the curtain, we're recording this episode a little bit early. We'll get into more reasons why in a little bit. So I went with a virtual stream deck option and it makes me so happy. I'm going to push the button in that I mean I'm going to have Jay do it because he's got it connected to the audio potentially to work. You mean this button? That's it exactly. That's it exactly. So in case you can't tell, that is like the dinging alarms for like a train crossing. Instead of like an alert or alarm or anything like that that was a little dramatic and a little overwhelming, I went with this one because it's like, hey, your train is starting to come off the tracks, you're going off the rails, a little bit of an emergency, get out of the way, kind of take control. And so that sound has kind of just in the last couple days has kind of reset my brain a little bit. So I was able to take a break, take a breather and then come back. And it seems to be working. So I would say that my connection is a good one. So I would say that I tried not to copy Kathy's, but she just made it too easy because now I think my emergency button will have to be. So we're just going to go with that one or maybe we'll even go with that one's a little bit more high pitched and more excited and like, hey, get out of it, get out of your phone. You got this. But I love that you made it a button and you put it within like on something that's within reach. Like I think that that's one of the things that a lot of folks will do is like, oh, I have this app that does this thing. And it's like, yeah, but what happens if you don't have your phone in front of you? What happens if you don't have notifications turned on or something like that? Like there are so many little ways that you can just be not in that right space. And I know for a lot of people, their zap button or they're like, you know, going off the rails button could be something as simple as having a rubber band on your wrist. And if you are anything like me and you have ADHD, you know that like having something that you can pick at and just going, ha, pow, I'm just doing it just a little bit faster. And you might even be able to just notice like, if you're doing it a lot, you'd be like, why has my like, why has my wrist hurt all of a sudden? You're like, oh, because you're, you're so, and I can't even or odd mode that it's causing you to like pick at your the rubber band on your wrist or something like that. But I love that you have something that's like right in front of you when you're at your computer that you can hit with a tap. And it's a, it's an audible cue that lets you know, Hey, you're in, you're now in this mode. You need to, you know, figure out what's going on. Yeah. Sometimes, especially brains are weird and humans are strange. I don't know if you know this, but we're just making sure that you're aware of it. And sometimes those physical tactile reminders are so much more helpful than anything else that you are trying to do. And I love, I love that whole idea of, of having it be physical and not have to open my phone, not have to find the app, any of that. Absolutely. So my connection was to review timing, which timing is an app that I use that tracks how long I spend doing certain things, different websites or applications or whatever, to review that information, to see if I could identify I can't even moment. And I even tweeted this out earlier this past week that showed like, Oh, wow, there was just like a day that was, everything was like green, everything was going well, Tuesday comes along, okay, a little unproductive Wednesday came and it was just like, just down in the mud, the most unproductive of days. And I was like, I looked back and I even wrote in my notebook. Yeah, this was an I can't even day. So I think that there are some ways for me to go back and look and see like, okay, you probably were having an I can't even day here around this time. And let's look back in our silk sonic method and see like, what, what was causing that to happen? What was going on? And I think I have made that even easier with a bonus connection that I did. I spent more money because that's what you do. Apparently, I bought myself an in case of emergency use pen. And the thing that I'm upset about is this pen looks so cool. And the ink is so red. And it's a rose gold twisby 580. Al I'll have a picture in the show notes that I want to use it all the time. But I that now gives me enough pins in my little arsenal here. And I think there was a question that came up in discord about what are some of the things that we use that make us love our productivity? My pens would be one of them. But this pin may become a daily usage thing after a while and I might have to make one of my other pins and in case of emergency, use pin mode. Yeah, that's okay though, because it does make you happy. I love that whole idea of having things that give you joy and make you happy. Pens and ink are definitely one of mine as well. I got tempted by Instagram and bought two new inks from Ferris Wheel Press because they were just so pretty. The ink that they have for the year is like a rose gold with gold sparkles in it. And then a really pretty turquoise color. And so I have those running in my daily use pens. And then I have a corgi butt case for my AirPods. And again, it just makes me flipping happy. And my stream deck main screen is like a rotating rainbow. So it's a whole bunch of folders that have like a gif running in a rainbow rotation. And for some reason I did not save the link and I'm so sorry, but it just makes me so flipping happy. There's so many little things that don't cost a lot of money that can make your space and your productivity easier because they make it happier. And I love doing those things. Keeping finding things. Hey, does this bring me joy? Yes. Well then by golly, I don't care if somebody thinks it's stupid. I think that there are a lot of folks in productivity punditry. I don't know if that's the right way to word it or not, but there are a lot of folks that do ignore the factor of does this make me smile when I do this? And even when we're talking about moments like I can't even or odd, you want anything and everything that's going to help pull you out of that rut that you're in. And in many cases that can be just using a pen you really like or opening your corgi butt AirPods case, which I need a picture of this. It will definitely be the show artwork for this chapter. But I think one of the things that gives me joy is knowing that there are folks that I can reach out to and connect with while I'm in these moments and while I'm in my struggles because I got lifted out of that that I can't even moment just from hearing about everybody in our Relay FM Discord channel and they were talking about the show and they were doing all this stuff. And it was great because, you know, Maddie, who gave us the topic for last episode also said, hey, I'm making this my connection too. You know, I'm going to find a way to check in with myself to see if I'm in emergency mode. And I think that that's totally valid and totally awesome. And speaking of, let's talk about some of the connections from our conductors that we have as well. Scotty Jackson, hey Scotty J, gave us one on Twitter using the hashtag My Conduit and said, My Conduit is going to be reviewing requirements for my system and identifying and managing these episodes for myself. Also talking about those I can't even moments. So like just going back and reviewing like, OK, what am I doing that makes space for these episodes? I love that one. Yeah, it's so great that we're able to recognize and acknowledge these moments by figuring out what they are. We can not necessarily make them completely disappear because that's impossible, but it can make it less overwhelming and you can get through it and move on. And that's really great from the discord using our very cool follow up channel. But you can also use the question mark My Conduit from Rob Kaiju. We have his connection this week is to do a personal retreat and reassess all of his projects to try and get some clarity on the future. His theme of the year is the year of the inferno. And he's talked about that a lot in the discord kind of basically burning it all down and letting it come up and just like really nailed this year. And I'm super happy that he's able to take that retreat and make it work for him. And that kind of works really well for our topic this week, too. It is. And before we get to that topic, we've got one more from Ryan who said, My connection before the next episode is to take the leap from studenting to adulting and finally start applying for jobs in his desired field. And I think that that's something that a lot of folks don't think about of like, I just need to take the leap. Sometimes you're in I can't even mode. Sometimes you're stuck in a rut because you need to take the leap. I can't tell you that you should I can't tell you when it's that time. But I do think that once you realize it, it becomes a little bit easier. And then you just need someone to push you to to maybe make that step. And definitely, Ryan, you've come to the right place in the discord channel as well. We have a lot of people there that are holding us accountable and helping out. If you want to be like Ryan or Rob, and hang out in the discord with us, you can do so by becoming a member at relay.fm. Be sure to go to relay.fm slash conduit and hit one of the subscription buttons at the top. It helps us out. And also it invites you to our very awesome community where people are just sharing topics and ideas. And if you are in an I can't even mode, maybe they'll even help get you out of it. Yes, sometimes that's what we need. But sometimes we need more than a little push for I can't even mode and and sometimes that means we need to get away. Oh, I mean, get away, get away, get away now. Like I just I just have a feeling that all of a sudden I need to like put some sunglasses on and really just jump into it. Um, I just realized another good link to that would have been Lenny Kravitz, uh, fly away. I want to get away. Oh, man. I want to fly away. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You know, both songs are great songs. But and also, yes, we know that the words are actually give it away. But, uh, that's okay, creative license. But we wanted to talk about getting away because a few folks have mentioned this and it will probably become a topic in the future. But one of the people on the show, not saying any names, Jay, has a very serious issue with overworking, just constantly, constantly working. And I need to make sure that as I'm about to go on a little trip, which is why we're recording this a little early, I do it properly and I get away. Um, and not every trip needs to be one of these, but I definitely feel like there are times when you just need to get away. Kathy, when are some of those times in your life when you're just like, nope, I'm gone. It's beyond, I can't even. Oh my gosh. So this year has really, well, I guess the last year and a half, has really showcased how much traveling for work has given me a release from life. Um, obviously, you know, uh, taking care of the household and the wonderful people and animals that live here that I love so very much. And I'm so blessed and thankful for that. But let's be honest, it's overwhelming to be a full-time caregiver, to be a full-time mom, to be a full-time business owner, to be a full-time homemaker, to be a full-time all of this. Um, and not having that, those random breaks going to WWDC or traveling for conferences or, you know, events, uh, destination weddings that I'd photograph any of these things, none of that happened, which meant I didn't get any of those little micro breaks, the three-day, four-day trips that really let me breathe and relax in a way that would kind of recharge myself having that, that alone time. Um, and so for my birthday this year, my parents blessed me with, a weekend, well, a two-night stay. We did it in the middle of the week because, um, that's the easiest way to make it work. Um, but my best friend and I went to the beach and it was wonderful. And even though we still did some work because we couldn't take it off completely by having it be just about ourselves and not have to worry about kids, not have to worry about spouses, not having to worry about, oh, I should do the dishes. Oh, I need to take out the trash. Oh, I need to do X, Y, or Z around the house. By having that just two nights, I came back so recharged and so refreshed and so like ready to get back to life that I think I need to do it again. I feel like that's how it often goes. If you're like, ah, I just, I just had just enough time to start relaxing and now I needed to do it all over. Um, we've been in the moment of while preparing for this trip and we're going to visit some family members that are now that everyone is vaccinated, we're a little bit more comfortable going to, to hang out and visit with, but to prepare my daughter who's, who's two and will be three soon, we've had her do a couple of sleepovers with some relatives and I'm not going to say that I don't miss being able to sleep in, but oh, when you don't have to wake up at 630 in the morning to the sounds of cocoa melon, like that is, that is a getaway in itself. Sometimes just to break in the pattern, uh, can be enough to really like refresh you and like reset some of those intentions, some of those mindsets that you're in and you don't even realize that you're in them until you don't experience them for like the first time in months. So I, I would say the, the perfect time to get away is literally like we were saying, get away, get away, get away now. Um, here, here's a food for thought. Is it okay to just get away from particular areas of your life and not obviously hop on a plane and travel somewhere? Absolutely. If it's something that, you know, will not affect someone's, I don't know, ability to be alive, like maybe don't leave your infant child at home by themselves for several hours. Um, but if you can, and most of the time you are able to take a break from something or get a project to a stopping point so that you can then continue on with something else, I feel like that can really help. So even if it's just getting takeout for a meal and you're getting away from cooking dinner bonus, if it's a meal that has leftovers, so you have two meals at a time, like that's amazing. That can let you get away from the hassle and frustration of having to make dinner without having to jump on a plane and, I don't know, fly to Italy for pasta, which sounds amazing. I mean, if you're, if you're doing it like that, go right ahead. Right, right. I have a friend who's in Italy right now and I'm so jealous. Like she's doing working from home in, and home is an Italian B&B and I'm just like mad goals, like mad jealousy right now. I just can't, I can't even Jay, I can't even, but it's fine. I'm not jealous at all. Thank you. All right, feel better, feel better. But I think that there are even ways to work around being able to get away from certain things. And I don't want to say that this is, this is where we need help from our fellow relay FM or Rosemary Orchard who can say, oh, I will automate this out of my life and make sure I don't have to ever worry about it again. But I do think that there are ways that even when you're in the middle of like, I'm working, I'm working, I just need to give myself some time away from this. One of the things that I do, and again, I will always acknowledge the massive amount of privilege that I have with my job. I just booked my last conference that I'm speaking at for the year. If something comes up, it comes up, but at least I don't have to think about it. And that means for the rest of the year, I can get away from the idea of doing pre-recorded talks on Zoom calls and StreamYard and all that stuff that isn't the same as going to a conference and standing on stage and talking. And while I'm away from that, I can be focusing on other parts of what I do, how I can focus on improving my YouTube skills. I can focus on writing content and doing other things. Just because you are not able to get away from everything, that doesn't mean that you can't work on some of the other stuff. But I do want to definitely bring up that if you are actually away, you need to get away. You need to get as far away from it as possible. Whether it's you're getting away from work, that means don't take your devices with you. Don't do anything that's work-related. Make sure you do not disturb. Don't say, Hi, I'm going to be gone for the next week, but I'll have my email around. No, if you are getting away, let people know, hey, I'm getting away. And then from there, be gone. I know there's a dance that goes with that, Kathy. So maybe we'll see that on TikTok soon. Maybe we'll see. Yeah, I think it's important to definitely have that downtime. And it's also okay if that is not an option yet. If you're in the middle of the hustle and you can't stop doing everything, taking a check and make sure that there are some things that you can stop. So even if it's, I know sometimes for me, especially, I would much rather take 10 minutes in the morning when everyone else is asleep, because I'm always the first one awake. Even when my child was a baby, they would always sleep in later. And yes, I realize that is a major privilege. I'm so mad at you right now. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. And now they'll sleep into like one, which reminds me when we're done recording, I need to make sure that they're awake, but they are 12. So it's okay. It makes a little more sense. But when they, having that moment of just checking to see if there's any fires means that I don't have the cloud of worry or concern that settles on me when I am fully traveling away. So most of the time, I'm not going to do anything with it. I'll archive anything that I don't need. I'll leave unread anything that we'll need to get taken care of in the future. But if, just to make sure, especially since I have so many different avenues of things that are going on, there's some situations where I don't tell, there's certain clients that I don't tell if I'm on vacation because I'll be able to take care of them if I need to. But it doesn't, it does not take anything away from me at that moment. And in fact, it benefits future me because I'm not wondering, oh my goodness, what is going, what of the 800 emails that I'm going to have to come back to is going to be an emergency in my clients minds or whatever. And so for me, particularly, and I realize that this is not everyone's situation, but for me, I always feel so much better if I have at least gone through my email just to check and make sure. And that's fine. Like having that boundary of just to make sure that doesn't mean, okay, I see something, it's not really important, but I can handle it really quick. Let me do that. No, no, no, you're getting away. You have to, you have to get away. Like whatever you're doing to get away, define what is okay and what is not okay to invade that time away. And I think that that's something that we often hear with people when they say, oh, when you wake up in the morning, you shouldn't check email first. And it's like, no, honestly, honestly, I have meetings that will pop up while I'm sleeping. So it is very important that I check email and I check my calendar just to make sure that I'm not going to be rushing into something and that I'm prepared for it. But that also means that I don't have to go and reply to every other email that I got. It's like, okay, no, none of these are events. None of these are invitations to meetings that I need to be aware of. That means I can handle all of this stuff when I am back from being away. And as we've kind of said before, if you're like me and you're going on a trip and your favorite rocket ship, sorry, I have a child. So these songs, they pop up. Or whether it just means you're giving yourself 30 minutes or an hour to not be thinking about the work that you have to do later. You need to make sure you set yourself up for success. So the last part of this that I want to ask Kathy is what can you do while you're away? Kathy Can do whatever you need to do and can give yourself permission to not do things that you don't need to do. This is going to be different for everyone. No one is going to have the same plan. No one is going to have that same situation. And yet if you can take the time beforehand to really sit with yourself and be honest with yourself and figure out what you can not do, everyone is going to be happier. I agree. I think giving yourself permission is definitely something. I mean, even just going in and saying it is okay if this doesn't happen. It is okay if this does happen. I think that that is just like how we've been giving ourselves these indicators for when we're in a moment. It is also good to give yourself an indicator to allow yourself to be okay with what is happening. You know, I think there are a lot of times where I will be stuck in a Tetris loop where it's like I don't want to do anything but play Tetris right now and I have to tell myself it is okay to be away from your computer, to be away from Slack, to be away from the notifications. If Tetris is the thing that you're doing to get away, be in that. Be 100% in that thing and you are perfectly fine. I mean, again, also, luckily, I'm a co-parent, so there is someone else watching the little one. But even just making sure that those bases are covered, that's something that I can disclose. Our job actually at the start of the pandemic and things, we implemented a thing called shut it down days, which is literally two days out of the month that are paid days off. You will get shouted at if you are in the Slack channel and you will be told you're not supposed to be here. One of the things that we started implementing at our house was the Fridays, because they land on Fridays, the Fridays that I have a shut it down day, I have a shut it down day from all of the things. During the workday, I'm not with my daughter. We have a nanny that watches our daughter during that time. I'm not in the office. I'm not working. I'm not doing anything. I am getting away. And then Saturday, I shared that same experience with my wife and she gets to have a whole day away. And for her, unfortunately, it's not a day away from work, but it is a day from having to always be thinking about the parenting responsibilities and thinking about, okay, has my child eaten and has my husband eaten, which sometimes that's harder to gauge than if the child eats. Is her husband grouchy? Yes. And so very much, it's not a permission thing. It is the saying of, it is okay if I just decide to get in the car and go see a movie or go visit a friend or just go to the park or sit in the room and play video games or do whatever you want from this time to this time. We have given ourselves permission to just do whatever. Yeah. And having those, I mean, this kind of can ties in with our episode from last time where having these small diffusions can also help balance the days that you can't even or odd because you are paying attention to kind of your stress level, your overwhelm level, like all of that feel in things. You're able to recognize when you're getting to a limit. So where you don't need to run away to Italy for a week in order to survive, but you can in the future, maybe, you know, not COVID times, but being able to acknowledge where you're at each day, kind of what level of energy, what level of productivity you can handle, all of these different things to be aware of can really help kind of what your days will look like. Definitely. And to wrap this up, I really do believe that getting away doesn't need to be a day. It doesn't need to be 12 hours. It doesn't need to be getting away for five minutes. There are moments that just getting up and walking around one, clinically good for you. Like if you stare at a computer screen all day, you're supposed to not be doing that. Take time to step away. Two, it's even healthier for you because if you get away by going outside, vitamin D is apparently a thing and it's a thing that like apparently most millennials have deficiencies in. Well, let me tell you a secret. As someone who lives in Oregon, I can guarantee you that this is something that is a major deficiency in place. In fact, I take store bought vitamin D every day and it makes a huge difference. It does. And if you don't like the store bought stuff, you can just, you can go outside, get some sun. That's what we used to call it. Like I just need to go get some sun and it, it resets a lot of things. So like if you're, if you're working on a problem, struggling with it a little bit, Oh, I need to get away from this, go get some sun. Just let it, let it sit on you. Let it think, have a conversation with someone that you, you've been wanting to talk to, you know, just, just do a thing that has been on your list. That's going to be a refresher. That's not hard. Just do anything that you can to get away from whatever the current thing that you're trying to get away from is. And I think from there, you'll, when you come back to it, you'll have a little bit of a fresher outlook on it. And you may even inspire you to, to do a couple of things. But speaking of inspired, I hope that this has inspired some new connections. Yes. What are those connect? Oh, that's my turn. No, wait, I went first last time. It is my turn. Yeah, it's your turn. In the spirit of getting away, I am, I'm going to be on my trip for a week and I will not have a computer or an iPad. And my connection will be to make sure that I limit my phone usage because I know how I act when I'm having Tetris withdrawals, when I'm having technology withdrawals, I will try to find some, some other way to, I will try to find a way to compensate for what I'm missing. And I don't want that to be the case. I want to be away while I'm away. So my connection is to be to set a screen time on my phone so that I can't use it as my substitute for all the other technology that I would normally have. That's good. That's really good. Are you going to be able to take a Kindle? I know, but I will say my wife's iPad, she is taking it. So if I, if I want to read something, I can always do that. And I have plenty of books that I need to catch up on so I can probably take a book or two. Perfect. Oh, I'm so excited for you. I'm so excited. And I think along those lines, I'm going to find a way to take a mini connection. I think I'm going to see about, there's a variety of restaurants in the area that have outdoor seating. I'm going to take a book and take myself out to lunch, maybe not like put my phone in, do not disturb and just read a book for fun or go to a park and eat a lunch. Like I'm going to take a mini getaway somehow. I love it. And I want to hear what some of the people listening are doing to get away. Kathy, how can people tell us about what they're doing when they're, when they're going to be getting away for their own connections? We have so many ways for you to tell us about your connections and we would love to hear from any of them. So you can either go on Twitter and our, the podcast account is at conduit FM or J is KJ Miller and I am at Mrs. Soup. You can also tweet with the hashtag my conduit, which will send it into a spreadsheet. Whether or not you have any of our tags or usernames, what do they call that? I don't even know what the things are called on Twitter. And that's okay. You know what I'm talking about. You can also hang out with us in the discord. You can make a comment, any sort of comment, and any of the channels that starts with the question mark, my conduit, and it will feed into a spreadsheet or in the follow-up channel, which is a really great little area at the bottom, that friend of the show, Matt made with Python. If you use the conduit emoji, it will also trigger to push to us. So you can leave comments, questions, topic ideas. We love hearing from you and we're super excited that we, you are engaged and we can't wait to hear what your connections are. I am ready to be envious of everybody sharing their, their favorite getaway spots. But Kathy, do you hear that? I think that's my train coming from my getaway, but before I leave, did we do it? Jay, we con did it.