---
description: Jay and Kathy go on a journey of what it means to be the face of something
  and how to adjust how that affects your day to day choices.
pub_date: August 25th, 2022
title: '30: Facing the Reality of Being a Face'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/30
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we condue our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that doesn't want to be known for doing the show. I'm Jay, a senior cloud advocate at Microsoft, and with me is the Condu-to-Corn, the one Kathy Campbell. How you doing, Kathy? That's me! I'm doing great! I am here with my buddy Jay, ready to do a show. And we also have our buddies in the livestream. Hi, book friends! Absolutely. Our friends have been hanging out with us for quite some time as we've been, you know, just starting wars that we can't... Oh, I don't want to say that. Cut that, cut that. Slip. Let me try that again. Too soon, too soon. Too soon. Yeah, no, our friends have been hanging out with us for some time. And yeah, we've got some treats. Maybe you'll find them, maybe you won't. But first, we have shout outs to talk about. Kathy, you do your shout out first. OK, so if you listened to the previous episode, I took a vacation and I didn't know where I was going or anything that I was doing. Well, I knew what I was doing because I knew why I was going for it. But other things were planned and scheduled for me by the company Pack Up and Go. And it was flipping incredible. I had the best time. I went by myself. I went to Bend, Oregon, which is in the high desert. Is it really? Yeah. Oh. I didn't know Oregon had deserts. Oh, yeah. Oregon actually has every single type of, what is it, terrain or whatever other than tundra. We've got rainforest, we've got desert, high desert, mountains, beach, ocean, whatever, like we've got sand dunes, we've got all of the things, all of the things in Oregon. And what I did one day was I went to the High Desert Museum, which was really amazing. It has this immense like path walkways outside that is like in the forest area. And so there's so many of the local animals just hanging out. At one point, I had a ground squirrel come up and tap my shoe and then run away. I had a mama deer. Hey, yeah. It's just like, what's up? What's up? But most importantly, like this and this. No, I'm going to wait because that goes into my connection. So I'm going to not go there. And instead, just say, I highly recommend pack up and go if you want to try it out. So what happened was, what happens is you fill out a survey, they give you a budget and you give them money and then they plan the trip and you don't know what's going to happen until the day of. So either you drive if you choose road trip or can go fly. Well, they'll tell you so the week a week before your trip, they send an email that has like, here is your weather report. Here's specific things that you should pack and here's what time. So if you're going to the airport, it'll say here's what time you should be at the airport. And here's what like all of the important vital things that you need to know. And then the morning that you go, you open up the thing and it tells you where you're going. So you can do that at the airport. If you're driving, it'll tell you like, here's what time you're like, we recommend you leave. The only snafu I had was they recommended that I leave between eight and nine a.m. and that I would have breakfast about an hour away. And then there was a museum to go to on the way to like my final destination. The problem was, is that the breakfast place didn't open until 11 and the museum didn't open until 12, which was like two to three hours later than I got to the town. So I emailed them was like, hey, this is what happened. So I just went on to my final destination, whatever. And they pretty much replied almost immediately and were like, hey, let us know, you know, go to breakfast and go to like get museum tickets and we will refund the total. So immediately it was it was fixed basically. And they felt really bad and like just all I felt really cared for. So even though there was something fairly significant that happened, I felt like just well taken care of. I highly, highly recommend it, especially if you don't want to have to do the planning. So they book the hotel room for you, but they also make reservations for dinner every night. So you don't have to choose where to go to dinner, which is always the most exhausting part of like planning anything. So if you just want to go on vacation and not have to plan, but still have the ability to make choices while you're on vacation, highly recommend pack up and go. Well, I also would recommend feeling like you are taking care of because that just sounds absolutely delightful. And I want to I want to pivot by saying dig, dig, dig, dig, dig, dig, dig, dig, dig, dig, Doug, Doug, dig. I challenged a few of my friends and we worked together to do a thing. And I'm not just doing this because one of our amazing friends is also listening right now because yes, and I got a big smile and now I can't finish words. So I did a thing. I did a thing. It was it was really fun. And I made my first visual studio code extension. And if you're if you're a nerd, keep listening. If you're not a nerd, just pretend I'm talking about making a product. So I made a thing. It tells people to or it helps people to create what's called a code of conduct, which tells people how they should behave, how they should not behave and ultimately how those things should be enforced when you are writing code and collaborating. And I worked with a few friends to help make it a reality. And I'm super excited because I did not imagine myself doing something like this. And now it's there. And I've had some really awesome people reach out to me and say, hey, this is great. We love that you've done this and we want to help contribute to it and make it even better, which is all that I've ever asked for. So, yeah, that was my thing. It was super short. And honestly, a big shout out to our friends who are all hanging out with us, including the one. And we get shout outs from people who are doing amazing things all the time. You can join them by going to give us your flipping money dot com. And from there, you can become a member of Relay FM's conduit switch on. And we absolutely came up with that on our own. There was absolutely zero help in this. I'm just kidding. All of our legal requirements are in place. No legal retaliation. Con job. Yes, yes. But that said, it is time for the connection check. So, Kathy, did you did you do anything other than max out, relax by the pool, shoot some b-ball, you know, outside of the school? No school. I didn't go to school. But yeah, I did, actually. I ended up getting so much work done on top of being extremely relaxed. This this vacation was basically the perfect balance. I woke up in my normal time and. Was sitting like I started work, you know, six thirty, seven o'clock. I would bang it out, got breakfast in the hotel and come back and do it. So and then take a break and go and do something fun and grab lunch on the way home. If I didn't have leftovers from the day before the dinner before, just like it, it worked so well and I cannot wait to do it again. I'm thinking I might try and do this twice a year, something like this. Maybe not necessarily pack up and go each time, but definitely. Definitely something similar to this, because I felt so refreshed and ready to come back to, quote unquote, normal life to the point where like yesterday, I got so much done, not just work related and for my clients, but around my house, especially since today is the one year anniversary of us buying our home. So like the fact that I've done some things that I've been meaning to do for the last like seven months is like really, really helpful. Like I'm really I'm excited for that. So, yes, this is a big green checkmark. And not only did it like did I do it, but it really helped me realize that I need to do this more often. So the unicorn blessing is in its systems now. Yes, the unicorn has been blessed by the systems. I have things like a welcome packet for our new clients. Oh, wow. I know, including a really extensive form that they can fill out so I can learn more about everybody, especially because a lot of times when what used to happen is I'll do an intro call an intro call with a potential business person and we'll chat about their company and like, you know, little things and like what they need help with and that sort of stuff. And then I usually end up like they get assigned out to a different unicorn. So this unicorn doesn't have the same context. And I will take notes and I'll tell them things that we talked about. There's a lot of things that they maybe will miss or or just makes it more difficult. So we have having these processes in place using a CRM now having like we have plans for the future where before we somehow I was ignoring the fact that I was a real business boss and just kind of playing it by ear. But now that I have three unicorns, I probably should, you know, be more of a business person. This person I have. Wow. I've OK. Yeah. No, I'm going to say I'm going to save it for the show. Save it for the show. OK. Yeah. So for me, I had a fun one. I highlighted my or explained my whole productivity thing where I use my big piece of paper and my leather stuff. And I wrote a blog post. Shout out to the person that often makes me reminds me to do a blog post. Oh, they're not in here. Oh, no. But I did. I did do blog post kind of explaining it. I did a Twitter thread explaining it. There will be links in the show notes for that. But also, I mentioned that I needed to come up with a name. And as I remember last time, my system was the Silksonic method because I was really digging Silksonic and it felt like a classic but modern feel. And now the new system is called the Domi method. And for those that don't know, there's this really cool band that I have absolutely fallen in love with called JD Beck and Domi. It is two people named JD Beck and Domi. Yeah, that's it. What? That's such a creative name. I know. And it's amazing. They met at Erika Badu's birthday party, which is that that is like the best. But then also, their style is so cool because JD Beck is this super awesome drummer from Texas that like his style is pretty fast. You know, it's very rhythmic, but Domi plays like such smooth with sometimes little quick hit sounds, almost like Oregon-like a little bit, not Oregon-like, but Oregon-like. It doesn't have every biome in it like some states, which also California does too. But yeah, that whole thing. So yeah, like it's super cool to have this idea of like it mints all the chaos. You have this root that is very bold, very strong, and then also somewhat melodic. And I felt like that's what this system was. It wasn't as simple as the other one was. But at the same time, it's a very structured one big piece of paper to handle, like all of the life happening around it. So I thought it was great. Also, Domi's French and some of like the like super high energy as well. So whenever I get to like watch videos of her just kind of explaining things and breaking it down, she has the same excitement that I often get when I'm explaining things. And then there was also the fact that their tiny desk came out literally the day after we recorded. And I texted Kathy like I was thinking of calling it this. The tiny desk comes out, a brand new video comes out. They were just in Napa last month. I'm like, oh my goodness. All right, this is it. This is officially the Domi method. Exactly. Yeah, sometimes the universe kind of gives you what you need. Absolutely. So I did come up with the name Green Check. It is the Domi system. Yes. Oh, and for those that aren't sure what a tiny desk is, a tiny desk is a concert that is done by NPR in New York. I think it's in New York. I always say it's in New York, like I know. But yes, it is a concert that is held at a tiny desk. And there are people listening and it is amazing. And some of my favorite musical performances of all time have been tiny desks. So it's in DC. I think we've had this conversation before, but probably. Yes, it is in DC. So yeah, that was me, the Domi method, Green Check, all those good things. What about conductors? How'd they do? I think they did pretty great because they're awesome. And I always think they're great. Let's get specific though. Skyler's Connection Check, Blue Heart, which we all know translates to green. Backing classes has been a good first week. Thank you, Sky, for updating us. I'm so happy classes are going well. And then our train enthusiast of the show, Railzee says, Connection Check, Green Circle, I existed and things are moving on up. Waiting on approval to accept my first salary offer for a new job. Do do do do do. I love it. Waiting on uni results and past one waiting on the big final year project. Congratulations for all the things. We're so happy for you. Hopefully we'll get an update before we publish the episode. How about that? All right. Onkidu, our sloth of the show, has a Mr. Yellow. I don't know what that means, but I mean, I know the yellow is, but I don't know who Mr. Yellow is. That's fine. So they say I didn't complete the evidence sheet, but made progress. Ended up pulled away by some more time sensitive emergencies, including a flood response that closed down our highway due to a culvert being washed away. Holy cow. Okay. Okay. Yeah, that's okay. Thank you, Kate. That is Stephen's 1Z, the code for that. That makes more sense. Those are all extremely valid reasons because emergencies happen. You get a pass. You're good. 100%. That is an amazing Mr. Yellow. Then Jumbo, our hello of the show, says, a table plan was less stressful than expected. Mostly everything is sorted for the big day. Collected the table plan, sign, and my ring today, so it all feels very real. It should feel very real because I believe in the next conduit. If you don't remember what a conduit is, listen to the last episode. The next conduit, I think it is going to be real. You've made it. You were there. Spoiler for their next connection. We're not going to go there. They might can't do it. Our soprano of the show, Deborah, has a green check mark as well. Made what progress I could on travel plans for my cousin's wedding, which was to have a couple of potential plans that I can book as soon as my brother gets his work schedule for next month, which needs to happen within the next week. Let me just say planning for other people's weddings are almost as stressful as planning for your own, but extra, especially when the wedding that you're going to is very unplanned. But that's I'm not talking about my brother's wedding at all because that would be too stressful. So we're not going to. Too stressful. So we're not going to. And then our guitarist of the show, Scott says, Green Heart, the move is done. It was all a bit overwhelming, but made less so by an amazing moving company, hashtag moving company, hashtag every time. And amazing friends. And then a secondary connection check is a yellow heart. I never heard back one way or the other from the company I was interviewing with. The lack of communication of the three interviews is frustrating, but onward and upward. I think the fact that you haven't heard back, it's probably a good sign. Well, maybe not a good sign, but it's a sign. It's an indication. It is a sign. It's an indication. Absolutely. Absolutely. OK. All right. So far, Oracle of the show has a big green apple. My connection was to do some networking, quote, research and set up meetings. It's gone better than I expected. A couple of connections have agreed to meet for coffee to chat. Even more excitingly, a conversation with a colleague at my old university has led a more formal, if honorary, role there. All done through Twitter. If you can't talk to people, type to them. What a good suggestion. A lot of times it's really scary to use your voice or go in person or talk on the phone or any of that. So being able to connect through Twitter or something else is a great way to do it. And look at what came of that. That's so good. Then our owl of the show, Kate, says, Green checkmark finished all the work for the deadline and even submitted it early in the day so I could go for a walk before it got too hot. When is that time? When is that time right now? Because it is always hot here. Also, Green Checkmark packed up everything in the flat and the boxes. And then for the van, a five plus hour drive yesterday spent most of the day putting it in a storage locker. I need to lie down now. I think you earned it. It's there. You conned it. By the way, just a thing. I've been talking to my family a lot. I'm going to be traveling to visit my family in a few weeks. My Southern accent will peek out from time to time. And it just did with conned it. I'm sorry, conned it. Conned it. OK, it's not that bad. Come on. Our favorite panda of the show, James, connection check. Green. I have read more books in the last two weeks than in the last two years combined. Have I also bought more books than I have read? Perhaps. But I'm supporting authors. Yes. Not only are you supporting authors, but you're supporting your own health and mental brain space. So well done, James. And, you know, this show, just a reminder, this show can't be done without all of the amazing people that make it. We joke about it. We have a lot of fun, but we sincerely do read. On the show, all of the connections that come to us, so send them to us. And if you want to do so in our discord, you can become a member by going to give us your flipping money dot com. And there you can sign up to become a member today. But, Kathy, you know, when I think of Kathy, I think Kathy is the face of unicorn business productivity. Wow. You went you went there. I did. I did. I well, when you think of Jay, I think of. Am I going there? Yes. The face of ADHD productivity. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, so folks, our topic today is about being the face of things. I did a thing recently. Recently, I was a guest on ADHD nerds with Jesse Anderson, who is amazing. There will be a link to that episode in the chat. It was really great. And in that moment, I got a lot of emails and DMs and all of them saying, Hey, Jay, you have ADHD. I have ADHD. I would love to sit down and talk about all the things ADHD. And then I got a request to be on a popular website about ADHD. And I panicked a little bit. I did it. I kind of did the thing. But ultimately, I had to have an open conversation with my boss about, Hey, I'm open about my mental health, my position in mental health. But I don't want to be the face of it. I don't do it in the essence of everyone look at me and put me on the front of magazines. That stuff. I genuinely started this project almost it was close to a year ago. And I know that because I remember talking about it in the relay FM switch on Discord and getting ideas from people who were living with ADHD, ASD, and other neurodivergencies. And just trying to get all this feedback for people to share it with others. And it was never meant to be like, Jay knows everything about this. But I'm afraid that that was starting to become the case. Not that I knew everything about it because I absolutely don't. But that people were starting to perceive it as such. So I wanted to talk about that and those feelings because I don't necessarily think that everyone listening is also the face of ADHD. I mean, I'm sure there are a lot of faces of ADHD that are listening. If you can keep up with what we're talking about, that might be a good indicator of something happening. We'll talk to a doctor first. But I do think that there are moments in adulting, adulthood, adult life, whatever, that people start to look at you as the person, the person that does this or the person that does that. And one, I want to acknowledge it because I think it feels terrible at times. But I think that often we're stuck in this place of having to feel humble, but also having to feel oh, if I don't take the accolades that I'm being rude or disrespectful to. So I wanted to dissect that. But Kathy, do you feel like you are often perceived as the face of anything that you don't necessarily believe is true? I think of this a lot. Like if there is a really strong an actor that is well known for a specific role. I'm thinking of Daniel Radcliffe. He is Harry Potter and worked afterwards after the movie stopped to kind of push really far against being seen as Harry Potter. And it's interesting to be in. Obviously, I'm not even remotely comparing myself to Harry Potter and Daniel Radcliffe and that connection. I mean, I prefer you over Harry Potter. Oh, thanks. And for the record, I flipping love unicorns and please always compare me and connect me to unicorns. I will never not get a smile when I see them. I've got a brand new unicorn just last week that is a unicorn skull with like a shiny horn on it. So it's for Halloween. It came with the Halloween stuff at my local store and it makes me so happy to have. But there's other times where I'm like, oh, I'm not I don't necessarily want to be the face of caregiving. I'm open and very willing to chat about what it's like to take care of a spouse with a significant disability and what it's like to be able to run a business and be the main working living adult in that situation. However, I know that like everyone's situation is completely different and always will be. And I also have a ton of privilege in my situation to having a strong support system. Now getting to a point where we're financially more stable, being able to only have one child. The transition when we moved from like when he had his stroke going from we didn't have to replace his income. There are so many places that I was really, really lucky and blessed and had a lot of privilege in place. And it's not in me to necessarily take that for granted. But it also formulates like my situation. I could leave on vacation for the weekend and know for the most part, I didn't have to necessarily hire somebody to come take care of him. I didn't have to like I made sure that my kid was home and that they didn't have sleepovers because I know that my husband would have said, yes, you can go and sleep over at a friend's house. And that would have maybe not been the best situation because he would have had to push himself harder and bounce back differently and all of those things. But it's hard to find that balance, I think, because you want to make sure that you are known for something that's really deeply important to you. I deeply believe that caregiving is something that not a lot of people will talk about or comfortable with discussing or provisions in the world aren't made to support the caregivers in the world and these pieces of things. But I also know that I don't have the solution and I don't necessarily have the energy to make that my whole life and make that... Like I don't want to become the face of caregiving. Yeah, I think a lot about the situation that my mom was in and you can do quick math and learn that me being in my 30s and my younger sister graduating high school this year means that my mom has spent a lot of time being a parent, being a parent to children, not to adults. So in that moment, we had this conversation of the last time my mom was her own person was when she was in school. Oof. And there is now someone who is a full adult, a whole adult in their 50s, having had this identity basically forced upon them for their entire life. And they accepted it and they did a great job with it. And we've had a lot of great conversations about being around to support my mom. My mom has an autoimmune issue, same autoimmune issue that I have, same autoimmune issue that my sister has as well. And we have very real conversations about who we are and what we do. And it definitely becomes this moment of like, while I don't necessarily, I don't want to be the face of ADHD, I also don't want to be the face of taking care of my mother in her older age. I say older, not old, because I don't want her to call me all of a sudden and be like, why are you talking about me? Because that seems like something she could do. She knows. But I feel like what we struggle with is this idea of we choose the things that we want to do but in a way, the choice was easy. And we don't want that to be all of us. We don't want that to be the totality of who we are. Like you said, it wasn't necessarily, I mean, the act of doing it was hard. Of you saying like, I am a caregiver now, I am giving care. Doing that on a regular basis is hard. But the decision to say I care about this person enough that I am deciding to do this. That decision point is easier than some. And again, to kind of lighten it again, you know, on my area of like, talking about ADHD isn't necessarily hard and signing up to spend time with people. It has benefited me greatly. I will say 1000% of the career trajectory that I have seen in the last few years of my life have a direct correlation to me being open and honest, not just with other people but with myself around my mental health. And like, that is a lot of people are like, oh, you know, so brave and all things like, I mean, when I did it the first time and I got a massive raise by changing my career path, like that was, I want to do this all the time. It makes it extremely easy to do this. But at the same time, me looking at it in that way and me being the face and me being the voice of it should be this easy for everyone. I mean, one, it should be this easy for everyone, but it's not. And I want to acknowledge that. And that's where like the challenge lives of, okay, it's easy for me to assume this responsibility and to other people outwardly own this, own this label, own this idea or whatever. But I understand what that really means for so many people. And because of that, it makes me sick because not disgusted sick, but it makes me physically sick because what I hear myself telling the world is like, oh, well, if you're just open and honest about it, all these great things will happen to you. And it's like, I'm not saying that. I'm not even trying to say that, but it feels so much like that's what I'm saying. And I don't appreciate that in my own head. And I feel like it takes away, it detracts from so many wonderful people who struggle in this moment and in these things. So that being said, like, Kathy, we've already already seen people in the chat saying that like they feel this, they feel this conversation because, you know, they kind of have the same thing happening in their life. How do you handle these feelings or do you handle these feelings? I guess is the question. That's pretty presumptive to assume that I'm handling these. Let's first assess, are you handling these feelings? OK, so I mean, I am handling it because it's. I can't necessarily feel in a way that will allow me to not know that that's not. OK, I'm handling it because I'm existing and because I'm living in the life that I am lucky enough to be a part of. But with that being said, it's been a heck of a journey. I mean, we're at 12 years now, almost 12 years now with since his stroke, which has been a journey in and of itself, especially when you. When you. Consider the fact that we had a toddler at the beginning and now I have a teenager like that's a big it's a big long journey, and there's a lot of things that I definitely have, you know, blacked out of my memory and don't like to think about. Which is fine, because it's, you know, don't worry, I've talked to my therapist, we're good. But it's interesting to work towards taking time for myself and who I am and what I do as me, not necessarily just as the title of caregiver or mother or, you know, wife or any sort of spouse or, you know, business owner, whatever title gets thrown around or can be given to people. It's important to realize and recognize kind of where you are at yourself and what you think of when you try and identify yourself. A lot of times things come out, you know, people will be like, oh, what do you do? It's like, well. Where do I start? Like, what do you want to know type of a situation type of a question? And so like, it's always interesting to kind of get to spend some time and figure out who you are. And I think your mom could really benefit from this too, especially since the youngest, her youngest kid is graduating high school, which means they're almost an adulty adult, like not just a legal adult, but run off into the world and they have ownership of themselves. And when that's done, like, yes, she's always going to be a mom, but now what is she going to do with her time? And especially as mothers, there's a lot of societal weight on your journey. Not saying that there's none on fathers or are non-binary pals or whoever you identify as, but specifically society is really mean to moms. And there's all of this guilt and pressure and you don't, you know that nothing is ever going to be done 100% right. And so all you can do is the best that you can do. And then as soon as your kid is gone, not gone, but like grown up and they're their own human, it's like, okay, now what? I think a lot of like the quote unquote mommy bloggers who made their money being a parent and blogging about that journey and like where they are now, that their entire business identity has changed because yes, they're still a parent, but their kid is not directly impacting their day-to-day lives. And the same is, you know, the difference is, is that our two situations and what we're you know, we're identifying as maybe are things that are lifelong. Like you will always have ADHD. Like yes, you're in treatment, but like and medication can help and like all of these things can help support the journey, but this is always going to be a part of your life. And I'm really hoping that my caregiving has a long, long time here and is a significant part of my life for a very long time because the alternative is not very happy. And it's important to figure out who you are outside of a title and find things that make you happy in and of yourself. I'm just so thankful that I like this is perfect timing because this past weekend trip, you know, I spent 50 something hours by myself. Like I talked to people occasionally, but I was with myself for a lot of the time. And I definitely had some anxiety going out to dinner by myself because it was a, it wasn't, you know, like a red Robin or something. It was a fancier, fancier meals. And I'm sitting there by myself, but it was really nice to kind of figure out what I like to do with myself. You know, for a period of time, I thought about bringing my kid along and I'm, I'm thankful that I didn't because I didn't have to worry about them being bored or entertaining them. You know, they're 13, they can be on their phone all day. That's fine. But I was able to not even have to worry about that. And that was really nice. So one of the things that I want to do to like start bringing it a little bit lighter. Yeah, yeah. This is a real heavy cafe. We got heavy. All right. So the first, the first thing that we're going to do is I love the words that you, you threw in there a couple of times because you said this is a part of you. And that's the first thing that I want to do is I want to bring you along with me. That to me is the best thing is it's part. The whole is made of the sum of its parts. A part does not make the whole. So I think that, you know, being someone who, you know, I have worked to also look at the other parts of my, just the mental health side of my living, which is, you know, there's a lot there. There's a lot of acronyms involved in my mental health corner. But I ultimately get, try to give each of them their respect, their time, their absolute, like, everything. They're part of the everything. But also I've been around for a long time as someone who creates content. And this is where me existing is a lot of fuzziness because it's like my job is to often put myself in the position of being the face of a thing. But again, that to me is part of a job. And I think keeping things in boundaries, there's a something that I've been saying a lot lately is I make things, but that doesn't mean that those things make me. And as I'm approaching these individual things that, again, you know, if you ask my employer, they want me to be the face of these things or the face of this or the face of that, maybe not the face of like burnout and panic attacks. Maybe not those, but the other things they're like, yeah, that's great. You know, exposure. We love it. But I think what I can do is put them in their container so that they don't escape from where they live, where they are and where I interact with them. That being said, you're putting them in a cage, not a container. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Because you have to bring them out when you can. Let's not let them run away. I don't like, despite all my rage, I will not put my things in cages. Your rats in a cage. But I think, again, this is like going back to some of the other episodes that we've done where I don't even want to say it's like creating boundaries or creating like those hard boundaries that we have. And there's an acronym in there somewhere. But the idea of saying, it's OK for me to be the face of this extremely specific context to these specific people. And letting that be enough. And if it's not that, then no. I won't allow myself to be that. And again, I think that this is something that I've been trying to do a little bit more where I want to be a face that people who have ADHD and are trying to get their career going can come to and have actual conversations with and say, how did you do this? What did you do? What are these things? But when it comes time for we want to profile you as this advocate for this thing and all this other stuff, I'm going to say no, because while I want myself to be available for people, I don't want this to be a career. And I've seen so many people do that. I've seen so many people where like, I'm going to do YouTube as a part of my job. And then they realize that YouTube pays something and then YouTube starts paying something. YouTube starts paying something more. And then it's like, oh, wait, I could become a YouTuber and not have to do my job. And it's like, I don't want I don't ever, ever want that to be the situation where it's like, I could be talking about ADHD and its challenges on a daily basis. And that just be my that sounds terrible. It really does. Yeah, like I, I want to be there. I want to make myself available for people. I want to create projects. I want to create projects that sometimes my unicorn buddy doesn't agree with. But exactly. But I can't do that if I am believing that every time I reach a quasi point of virality or a quasi point of influence in a group of people or just someone who is popular notices, almost that Senpai notices me. But well, then I did say it. Okay. But, you know, in that moment, like, I don't, I don't want that to become an invitation to alienate all of the other things that I do that make me who I am. Yeah. So once it gets to those points, the answer is just no. Yeah. And I think having those those real and honest conversations with yourself to figure out why things make you uncomfortable or what might make you uncomfortable or like why something is, is pushing your brain against it. So like, I think it's really important to just, you know, talk to yourself, maybe not in public. In public. So you don't have awkward conversations with other people. Is that why people look at me? Yeah, probably. Just saying. But being able to, you know, really listen to what your brain and heart and, and I guess stomach are trying to tell you and feel what makes you vibe, what makes you happy, what makes you uncomfortable. Like learning this, this journey about yourself is really helpful to kind of better manage yourself almost. So, so what you're saying is, hi, I'm Jay. I'll do anything for ADHD folks who need help, but I won't do that. Exactly. Yeah. All right. So something that we have to do is get to our connections. Kathy, you got a connection after all this? Yeah. You want to talk through it? I think I need to do something with like my, like unpacking boxes. Yeah. Still. Cause we've been here for a year. I can't use the excuse. We just moved anymore. So I think I'd like to, there is a section of boxes in the front room, but I think I, my connection is going to be going through those and getting rid, putting away, throwing away whatever pieces need to be like handled with that. I need to get that done. Especially because like I vacuumed and carpet cleaned that section of the carpet yesterday. And there was a lot like, oh my gosh, it was so gross. The carpet cleaning was disgusting. And so I probably should do it more often. Um, but it felt really, really good to walk out and like, oh, the space feels right. It feels good. So I'm ready to start, start feeling that. So I'm going to deal with the boxes in my front room. My connection is also not tied to anything that we talked about. But before I get that Kathy, you're doing an unboxing. You would say, right? Oh my gosh. No, but like, and subscribe. No, I mean, that's a real domain that I own, but, um, nobody wants to watch me go through I mean, don't say nobody because someone is like pack, unpacking. Yes. That's actually a really good game too. If you haven't played unpacking, you should play unpacking. It is a very nostalgic. Is it on Steam Deck or is it? It's on a lot of the things. I know it's definitely on Xbox. It's a game pass game. So if you have game pass, you can play it. If you have game pass, you need an Xbox to play. No, you don't. It also works on computers. If you have a PC, if you have a PC. Yeah, I have none of these things. Or if you have a lot of, again, I work for the company that makes this. Don't make me do my job. Please do your job. There are plenty of ways to subscribe to. There are plenty of ways to unpack both in game, but Kathy's going to be doing it in real life and not for the viewing pleasure of others. That gave me enough time to stall. I am nervous because I am doing... I'm going to be working to interview some people that in my space are really important. They're the people that make, quote unquote, they make the soup. They make the magic happen. They do all the stuff. I've been tasked to find the people in the programmers and connect with them and interact with them. It's a big deal. These are people who often go unthanked, unrewarded. I mean, all the stuff they do, they do for free. Well, these specific people get paid to do it, but they got to where they were because of a lot of volunteer hours put into making the thing that the community is based on. That's kind of a big deal for me because, again, it's like interviewing celebrities in my mind. That said, it's an entire project. There are seven people. I need to get a roster, do interview times, and all this other stuff. So yeah, there's a lot there. It's not the only thing I have happening. I need to chunk this down and make it reasonable. So I am going to send email scheduling times to chat with each of the individuals. Again, this can be a canned message. This can be like, hey, I'm doing this. This is what I'm doing. Blah, blah, blah, blah. You're on this team. So we want to do this for you. This is what it looks like. Basically, it's what I used to do when I was doing an interview podcast. I have to dig back into what I was doing nine years ago. Maybe I still have that message. Hi, I'm a budding podcaster with ideas and I want to interview you because you're amazing. Oh my goodness. So yes, my connection is going to be to reach out to each of the people and at least ask them to schedule a time. I can't make them schedule a time. I can only ask them. So yeah, that's us. What about our conductors? Our blue dragon of the show is turning 20 years old. That's a young conductor. Such a baby conductor. There's an amount of not rage, but like what? Conduct ditto? No. Oh, no. Oh my gosh. No, they are a full grown adult. Thank you very much. Just can't drink it. Literally. They're a full grown adult. Caveat, caveat, caveat, caveat. But we love our dragon. It's a baby dragon. What's a baby dragon called? Dragonlet? Is it a dragonite? What is a baby dragon called? Well, Kathy's looking that up. It's a hatchling. Our trade enthusiast of the show, Railsie says, new connection, plan and be ready for my first international trip. Gotta get those checklists created and be completed by the next conduit. Yes. So this is awesome. Reach out to me, Railsie. I work in a community of folks that travel a lot. And traveling internationally is a thing that we do from time to time. Ask me, we're up in this year. Hey, you went last year. I know, I know. So yeah, well, you can't do it. And if you need some help, let me know. All right, our slot of the show, Ankenu says, finish job application for an open ecologist. That's how you say that, right? Ecologists? I don't know why my brain was just like, this is not the word that you're trying to say. Ecologist. I don't know why. Anyways, let's try this again. For an open ecologist position here at work and complete an application for one of my bands to play in a local festival this Canadian Thanksgiving. Okay, first off, I really appreciate the parenthetical there. One of my bands. What is this? Yes, that was going to be my second point. Tell us more about your bands, please. And third, good luck on the job. They're not here to defend themselves, so I will just say you can't do it. Our hello the show, Jombo says, finish up the last wee small bits and finalize practicing and speech. Oh yeah, and get married only a week and a half away. So you are less than a conduit away, my friend. But you can't do it. I'm so excited to hear all about it. All right, soprano of the show, Debo says, get all cross country travel plans finalized as soon as my brother gets his September work schedule. It's going to happen soon. You can't do it. It won't happen. Our guitarist of the show, Scott says, continue the never ending process of unpacking. Hey, I know some other people that are doing this. The office is nearly done. So that is what they'll concentrate on first. You got this, Scott. Our oracle of the show, Soph says, I've been procrastinating on writing an academic article for about two years. Time to start. Yes. Once it started, then you have started it. That's my very deep explanation there. That's how starting things works. I know. You come here for this really, really deep conversation on starting the thing. Just do it. Our oracle of the show, Kate says, new connections, start updating my CV portfolio and website so I can be ready to apply for jobs once they get results. Also want to start sorting their room at their parents' house where they're staying at the moment so it's less cluttered and sparks joy. Yeah, I'm all aboard on that. I recently had to do the same in my office. So you can't do it. All right. Last up, our panda of the show, new connection. Keep a better track of the passage of time since he was convinced there was another week until conduit. Hence the lateness of this entry. Thankfully, it did arrive in time and you were here. And I know you can't do all of the things. And if you'd like to submit your own connection, you can do so on Twitter by tweeting at conduitfm using the hashtag my conduit or in the relay FM discord with question mark my conduit. Visit give us your flipping money dot com to become a member today. And Kathy, I'm not sure, but are we the face of con doing it? Yeah, and we con did it.