---
description: "Life can get a little foggy, but instead let it get froggy! Leap into
  this episode about identifying and overcoming brain f(r)og.\r\n\r\nAlso: make sure
  to wish Jay a happy birthday today (10/6) on social media!!"
pub_date: October 6th, 2022
title: "33: \U0001F9E0\U0001F438"
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/33
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we condue our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show where the weather is partly cloudy with a chance of rain fog. This episode is brought to you by Hover and Masterclass. I'm Kathy and with me my friend across the United States is Jay. Hi Jay! Hi, I'm only across the US for one more week. I'm going home on Saturday. Are you excited? I have a feeling you're very excited. Oh, words cannot describe how it will feel to sit in my chair with my computer and my mic to do all the things. I said thank you so much, Brad, for letting me use your space for a month. That's very, very kind of you. Amazing. Yeah. And how did you thank him? We're going to... Do you like that connection? We're going to weave that in there. Yeah, I spent money. I helped him complete his connection check by purchasing things that he was selling. Excellent. I can't wait to hear more about them, which in our super secret techs channel, I'm sure. But that's a connection check that we're not going to talk about. So instead we're going to go... Do you have any other shout outs, Jay? Yeah. Shout out to Moran's Consignment in Chelsea, Michigan. The only place in Chelsea, Michigan to buy men's pants. Kathy, I went to a wedding this weekend and the wedding was fantastic. But I'm from the southern part of the country where it's nice and comfortable year round. And I was in the northern part of the country, which is not that. And I forgot to pack pants, so I just had shorts. And yeah, at a wedding rehearsal slash also dinner, you probably want to dress somewhat nicer than shorts and a t-shirt. Oh no. You... So... Like, you... I... I have so many questions. Yeah? So, me too. So I wound up going to... On my way out there because it's about an hour away from the nearest airport. And then... Oh yeah, sorry. Trousers for those that are international. I'm going to still use pants because... It's a funny word. America. Yeah. So, as I'm driving and I'm driving through small towns because that's what Michigan is, is a network of small towns. I said, okay, I will stop and grab a pair of pants. And when I did, I stopped and there was nowhere to buy pants in this town of Chelsea. So eventually I was like, okay, I will either have to appear in shorts or I'm going to have to go into this one thrift store, again, Moran's Consignment in Chelsea, Michigan, to which I wonder how the surprise on the person manning the store or attending to the store was when I said, do you have pants for men? And all she could say was, oh honey, you seem like you're very stressed right now. And I think I almost burst into tears. So yes. Unfortunately, they didn't have any pants that were the right length. So my pants were a little short in the length department, but they ultimately fit enough. So I then arrived only to get to the rehearsal dinner right as it was ending. Oh no. Oh my gosh. I'm sorry, the rehearsal, the rehearsal as it was ending. I still made it to the rehearsal dinner. Okay, good. At least because the implication of at the end of the rehearsal dinner means that you missed the entire rehearsal and the dinner. Yeah. Well, I mean, the dinner was nothing but breadfests and being gluten free. I might as well have missed the dinner too. But I got to talk to people. Wow. That's stressful. Mad props though to Moran Consignment for being able to give you clothing for sale. Good prices too. Excellent. Please note, this is not sponsored by Moran Consignment. However, we will gladly talk about them again, I guess. I mean, I hope not. I hope I'm never in that situation ever again. If you too are in that situation, you can visit. To our listeners in the Stockbridge area of Michigan, be sure to check out Moran's Consignment on Main Street. Also, every street light was out and the train track bridge was down, although no train was coming. This place was cursed. Wow. Well, I'm glad you made it out alive. That's happy. Yes. That's only the second time I've had to text you and say, I'm in the middle of nowhere and I'm afraid I'm going to die. Really? That's impressive. That's impressive. What about you, Kathy? One shout out to you though. Yeah, I got a shout out for my buddy and yours, James the Panda, who took it upon himself. I have had a very difficult few weeks, a difficult conduit, as they say. My favorite panda helped me through it in a very supportive and healthy, but also not overly anything. So yeah, just major, major props for James for helping me get through the last couple of weeks. The only panda that I appreciate. So our shout outs, we get shout outs from people doing amazing things in the Relay FM community to us and others. You can join them by becoming a member of the, what was it? The Conductor Cano... The Conductor Cano? Cano-ity. I don't remember what it was. The community of conductors, there we go, by visiting giveusyourflippingmoney.com and you can join and support this show. If you are already a member or want to become, support us even more, we have stickers for sale. We have three different designs for sale on Cotton Bureau. You can visit uconnwearit.com to check them out. And as always, show links, show links? Show notes will be linked. No, links. Wow. Wow. Links will be in the show notes. I'm doing great. Javier, go ahead and leave that all in. It's fine. Oh, I like that idea. Giveusyourflippingmoney.com slash merch. Excellent. I will do that. It's fine. Everything's fine. Okay. Moving on. We're going to go to our connection chat. Zap. Zibbidi-zibbidi. Zibbidi-zap-zap-zap. Zap-a-dap-bap. Apparently we're jazz. Zazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazazzap. Excellent. Jay, how did you do on your connection? So I have been thinking outside of helping my best friend get married and all the things that come with that. Everything else has been consumed with how am I going to survive the madness that is my ever changing team. Before, as I put it to a friend earlier who asked how I was doing, I said, I feel like a cat on crack. It's everything, was it everything always at once? All the things at once? Everything everywhere, all at once, I think. All at once, yes. Everything everywhere all at once. Yes, I definitely tried something different the last two weeks of doing my Domi method of analog productivity. And I can probably add a picture. I might have to scrub some things on it, but I think I can add a picture eventually. So sorry people listening live of what I tried this week. And I think that I'm going to be going a little back to the drawing board still, but ultimately the TLDR on it, if you're not looking at the photo, is instead of having events and all this other stuff, I'm going to have mostly space for just projects and what I'm doing with them that week. And then there will still be a little space for events, but nearly not as much. Also significantly less space for excursions. And I added a new space called around the office, which is just here are things that are happening that you should know about, but you don't necessarily have to do any work on, which is kind of the thing that I was more anxious about than anything of just like, oh, hey, there's all this stuff happening. I don't really need to act oddity of it, but I should know about it at least. So yeah, that plus new pens means that I have a better look at how I'm structuring some of this stuff. There's also a question of if I want to also do a daily log of like, oh, I did this and then I did this and then I did this stuff too. I'm playing around with Timeree as kind of the thing for that. Oh, hello. Yeah, I know. Shout out to the invisible third host of the show, Scotty Jackson, who tends to come on. He only comes on when we are traveling and when one of us is traveling in London. One of us is unavailable, Scotty comes in. Yeah, I had a good long conversation with him about the problem in my automatic time tracking using timing and I needed something that was more like, okay, I am committing to working on this. I am going to start the timer, work on it, and then when I'm done working on it, stop the timer to then analyze like, okay, how much time am I actually dedicating to this? Because my fear is that I'm not giving it as much time as it deserves. And then like now I'm looking at it and I'm like working on things in like three hours sprints, which seems like, no, that sounds like a good bit of time. So yeah, we'll see what happens there. The other option there is to just log it in on paper. Yeah. But I don't know. We'll see. I have concerns, but ultimately I did the thing. I'm going to have to keep doing the thing. That's not going to be my connection for this week, but I'm going to be thinking about it. And then I know in like two more months when we do our system check-in, then we'll probably address it again. That sounds like a good plan. I love the movement that you've made, especially because I know how busy your schedule has been and kind of how it's got to be stressful to be making any changes when you're not at home. So I hope that you're able to continue that progress. That's excellent. So my connection is also green check mark. I did in fact phone a friend and by phone a friend, I mean sent text requests to several friends and clients for feedback, asking some specific questions to kind of fill out the thing for my focus course, do hickey, jigger. But I think I need to do this or something similar to it more often because it was really, really nice to hear the good things about me. For some reason, I don't get a lot of individualized feedback for podcasts and stuff that we do. I don't know why. Am I scary? Am I intimidating? I don't know. But that's no reason. I'm OK asking. I should be able to ask more. So I am going to maybe like every six months or so send it out, not to the same people, but kind of to get a little hit of good vibes or kind of like how I'm doing with other people. I don't know. I'm unsure. I don't know what it's going to look like, but I am very thankful for the push that it did to get me out of that little safety circle. Yeah. OK, what about Brad's connection? So Brad said connection check, green check mark. I pulled out 20 pins. I have seen these 20 pins to sell and grabbed all of their respective packaging and boxed them up. Next up, pictures and product descriptions. I don't know if all 20 are going to be for sale on this site. But yes, Brad has been Brad has been extra busy. Like I've tried to bug Brad more than usual, and I wasn't even here as much as I was the last few weeks, and Brad was just not available for so many things. So to even get started with the process, I know that that took some like significant dedication to like, I'm going to work on this now. So good job, Brad. You can do it. Yay, you can do it. All right. Starting out with our fantastic conductors, pathologists of the show, Laura, connection check, green book. I was able to get all of the conference and lecture prep done and get all of my classes signed out. Minimal guilt, putting some other things to the side temporarily and only had a couple days that felt truly overwhelming. So amazing that you were able to get all of that done. And I'm really proud of you for acknowledging the guilt but not letting it overwhelm you too much. Next is the guitarist of the show, Scott, who says green check mark, 5K is done. Yay. I've been resting for about a week, but I did it and I didn't feel like dying. Congratulations. I danced at a wedding reception and I felt like I was dying. I'm sure 5K was significantly harder, but you got it. For sure. All right. Our owl of the show, Kate, has green check mark, got my portfolio done apart from a few pages that will be done this week and continued sorting at a steady pace without making my room unusable. I also finally sent an email I'd been procrastinating on for ages. Love that bonus connection check. Fantastic. That's amazing, especially the part about not making your room unusable. I know when I get into a major sorting issue, I tend to get overwhelmed and then stop in the middle and I have just piles of everything and you can't use the room and that's not good. So really proud of you. Good job, Kate. Our thalassophile of the show, Ponderz, says, Leaves, I've digitized my six year plan. Six years. I've got a clear goal and checkpoints for projects so that I can reschedule things months in advance rather than feeling like a failure and crunching at time. I had hoped to finish a project. That's a long time. I look forward to hopefully having you check in with us on where you are in your six year plan and I don't just mean by the days but if you're in track, ahead of track, behind track, on track. I almost said am track and I was like, I think that's a different thing. I think that's for our train conductor. Great job on being able to come up with a plan that looks into the future quite a bit. Our soprano of the show, Debo, green checkmark. I had a successful trip to my cousin's wedding and met two of my brother's children that I've never met in person before. I made a little bit of progress with prioritizing my work task but then got a plot twist for my new connection. I snuck a peek at what the new connection is and I can't wait to share it but well done, Debo. Deborah, I'm so happy that you were able to make it out. Nothing big happened and you got to meet new kids. Excellent. Your wedding wasn't in Michigan, was it? Let's see. Our oracle of the show, Soph, says, yellow heart, I've been attempting to fit in writing time here and there but I haven't been well so it hasn't gone as well as I've hoped. I'm going to keep plugging away. No, again, as I mentioned to Brad, about Brad, the fact that you've even been considering it or squeezing minor amounts of time in. I hope it wasn't at the sacrifice of your health but if you were able to do both of those things, take care of yourself and also squeeze in a little bit of writing, I think that you've done a great job in that. So good job. All right. Panda of the show, James, green check mark. I'm doing pretty well about not stressing out about impending Apple-related deadlines. I know I don't have to get everything ready for day one and I'm trying to pace myself appropriately. Of course, I'm now stressing out about other things instead but that wasn't specified in my connection so I still claim my green tick. Absolutely. Absolutely. You should be so proud. I know I am proud of you. Our slot of the show, Ankenu, says, connection check. This will be a double as I missed the last show. For my prior exercise connection, I hit a green heart. I had to fight with some lack of energy and executive function to do so. Sounds like you had a case of brain fog. I set myself a follow-up connection to call and get an appointment with a referred psychologist and I attempted to contact in the summer but the office was closed. Yellow Circle, I called but got their answering system, left my name and number so partial success. You did all that you could do. And then you still don't have an appointment there yet. Edit, the office called back and now I have an appointment. So it's green all the way down. Woo, roller coaster of a ride there. Our blue dragon of the show, Sky, has a yellow circle. Turns out changing habits is difficult. While I tried to remember to read whenever possible, it was too easy, too much of the time to just mindlessly watch YouTube, especially when I didn't have the energy to do anything else. Hey, that's actually... Yes, changing habits is very difficult and even some reading is great. So I am super proud of you and I know that you can do it. You can keep doing it. You can keep reading it. I don't know. Moving on. Our nameless of the show, Robert says, he liked it so much he put a ring on it. Green Heart, we did it. Wedding went great. Honeymoon was amazing. Just landed back home an hour ago. I love your priorities. Amazing. All right. Last up, our train enthusiast of the show, Green Square. Flight was great. I did the travel. Couldn't do everything I wanted, but I had a great time. I did the start of the QA vision. Things are happening. Excellent. I'm glad you did all of the travel. I am so excited that you are back and here and I can't wait to hear more about it. And also Robert posted a photo in the live stream chat of their wedding day. They both looked gorgeous and so happy. Oh my gosh. So fun. I love weddings. I'm so excited for you. And if you wanted to see all of the goodies that are put in the live stream chat, you can hang out with us when we record this episode live on Tuesdays at 12 o'clock Pacific time, which is whatever time it is your time around. Use the app Elswen to figure that out yourself. You can also hang out in the Discord and send us your connections. We'll put some more information at the end of this episode. Until then, how about a sponsor? This episode of Conduit is sponsored by Hover. Have you ever thought about starting your own business, creating a brand, sharing your wealth of knowledge with the world, using your years of experience to create something for yourself? Hover wants to help you take the first step in getting your ideas off the ground. If you have a brand that you've always dreamt of building or a business you want to take online, the first step is finding your domain name. Hover makes this super simple with a clear and straightforward user experience, easy to use tools and truly amazing support from friendly humans. It's never too late to step up to the plate and share what you have to offer. Getting online has helped thousands of people around the world reach new heights with their businesses. I own so many domains and they all start with doing a search on Hover. Someday I'll actually start using my Twitch channel and use mississoup.live to announce when I'm going live. But until then, you definitely can follow the domain giveusyourfullofbigmoney.com to good use. I wish I had known about Hover when I first started buying domains in the early 2000s, but now that it exists, it's always the first place I head. It's also where I send my clients when they need domains. It's so easy to use, there is no technical hoops to jump through, and it makes it so simple to launch any idea into the world. In addition to classics like .com, you can get extensions like .shop, .tech, and .art, and of course .live. With over 400 more to choose from, you'll be able to find the perfect domain name for your business, one that's memorable, relevant, and boosts your brand. You can buy a domain, set up custom email boxes, and point to your website in just a few clicks. If you ever run into trouble, help is just a phone call or chat away. Secure, simple, and reliable, Hover is a trusted and popular choice amongst millions of people launching any kind of brand or business. If you're ready to get your idea off the ground with the perfect domain name, head to hover.com slash conduit to get 10% off your first Hover purchase. Our thanks to Hover for their support of this show and all of Relay FM. So this topic is brain fog. Kathy, I don't know about you, but my brain's been a little foggy lately. I know that earlier you asked me to do the thing that we do before every show where we set up the document and do all that stuff. And I think you were a witness to me saying like, yeah, I can do that. Wait, how do I do that? I know how to do that. And then I proceeded to do it wrong. And I don't know, the people that get to listen to the early parts of the show will have definitely experienced some of the fogginess as I'm like, accidentally deleting sponsor reads and like, barely managing to make it. I'm glad you messaged me because I looked at the watches and oh, I got to go. Yeah, I was I was kind of waiting for you to like, make any sort of like, mention or comment. And then all of a sudden, here it is 15 minutes till noon. And I'm and I haven't heard from you. And it's like, oh, we should check in. I'm like, oh, I'm going to go. And I haven't heard from you. And it's like, oh, we should check on this. So, yeah, we're talking about brain fog. And Kathy, what causes brain fog for you? A lot of times, if I am like so overwhelmed that I cannot concentrate on even like a single thing, everything in my brain, as soon as I try and like touch it, a.k.a. think of it, think of something, it just dissolves. Like when you play with bubbles and the bubbles pop. And like sometimes I can sit and I can like do a brain dump or journaling or like just writing things and it can clear the fog. But a lot of the time it's it's useless. Like I I can't get past it until it passes. And it's really exhausting. Well, I mean, like you said, overwhelm is is kind of a big a big ticket item there. Usually. And I don't want to jump in the solutions just yet, but like usually once I realize that I'm in a fog, it means that I'm doing too much, which as an article that I'm working on, one of the people that I interviewed for it quoted, I'm not good at context switching and there's often a lot of thrashing involved. So that that is kind of the feeling and that's that's where the fogginess like I guess replace thrashing with fogginess. Usually if I'm having to work on multiple projects, context switch a lot. Often the fog comes in that transition from one thing to the next, mostly because my mind is still centered on that other thing. As earlier when I said I would get pictures and I had to sneak away to go grab a note, like my notepad and and check it for content and stuff and then send Kathy super secret pictures of the stuff that I bought and all of those things. It was like in my head, it was like, OK, if I don't do this right now, it just won't happen. And then Kathy will be asking me for it later while I'm doing something else. And then and then there will just be more fog. But in that moment, I caused fog because I'm like thinking about all those things instead of like thinking about where we're at with the show and like how to continue that process. So yeah, usually usually my fog comes often from like, hey, Jay, you're doing too much. Yeah, that that is. It's interesting because I almost feel like I have less brain fog if I have set tasks that are being like if someone else is asking for them. So like if I have, you know, meetings and a document that has a deadline for today something that someone else is asking for. I'm usually I usually have like less brain fog. Then if I have like 10 things to do, but they're all things that maybe don't have to be done today and I'm choosing to put them on my to do list. So if I if I don't have external pressures, it just kind of is it like ends up floating in my head and just like, and then it transfers from clouds into fog and I can't grasp at anything. And so it becomes really difficult to get past that because I can't concentrate it on it or figure out like even even something as simple as OK, prioritizing or a lot of times I will even, you know, I'll vaguely know things that need to get done. But I can't pick one because I can't figure out that starting point. Like it's so difficult to get anything, anything done, even any sort of prep work that needs to get done to have something done when you're in the midst of brain fog. Yeah. So the perils of brain fog are are the things that you just mentioned. But is there a way that we can we can like reframe of like, oh, I keep wanting to say foggy when a Courtney did right. Sorry. But like, is there a way that we can we can take that fog and like use it to our advantage? Or maybe this is where like, you know, our good friend, the tire method comes in of being like, hey, you know, now it's time to, you know, the fog in the tire can be due to just not having enough time for things. It could be not, you know, our intuition is like we shouldn't really be doing this anyway or something like that. I just wonder, is there a is there a way that we can address? I'm in a fog state. I'm in a fugue state, but like, no, I'm in a fog state. Let's let's address this. And like when I'm thinking about that, I'm even thinking in terms of I'm going to throw out a buzzword. Whoa. Um, cognitive behavioral there. Wow. Which is like that moment of this thing is happening. This is how I feel in this moment. Let me begin to slowly dissect, observe and then resolve this process so that I can move past it. Yeah, it's it's funny, though, because any time I try and force myself past something, I end up almost the fog comes thicker because I don't know. It was going to try and make some sort of metaphor, but my metaphor is foggy. Foggy at best. But it OK, wait, no, I got it. It's it's kind of like ghosts. If you acknowledge the ghosts, they get stronger. Right. Everyone knows this. Anyone that's read any sort of paranormal fantasy, anything. And so figuring out how to ignore them or at least work around the ghosts, you know, we're in spooky season. So bear with me. Working around the ghosts, the fog, this this thing on almost anything, being able to get past it without acknowledging it can sometimes help it move on. Oh, so so instead of Kate in the chat, so it's like walking into a bit of a video game that isn't unlocked yet. That made me think of Metroid. And for those who don't know, Metroid is a game on Nintendo. It's a very old game. They make they make new ones from time to time. But Metroid is very, very well known for having like areas that you need special power ups to get past. And oftentimes you have to like keep playing, ignoring that section only to go back to it later with all of the tools that you need in order to get through it. For me, one of the hardest things, though, is to mentally acknowledge if I'm in a fog, because a lot of times you'll be, you know, man, I just can't today. I can't even and or odd. And, you know, two hours later and you're just like, what? What have I been doing all day? And you can't get anything done. You haven't done anything. Maybe you haven't even eaten or or drink coffee or anything. You're just like, what the heck is going on? And then when you're like, oh, my brain is all foggy. That's why like that, like the lesson of learning and like trying to learn when you're in the fog, similar to like when you have no energy. I think a lot of times you're you're fighting so hard to to get things done the way that you think that it should be done, that you can't understand like where you're at necessarily. I don't know. Do you have that problem, too, where you don't recognize you're in the fog until like something big happens? I just don't, you know, our chat has devolved into video game references where fog or impairments are involved. And I have helped with this. So I'm going to use the reference that I put in the chat, which is in Mario Kart, where when you get inked, like you recognize that you're inked, but you don't you kind of just have to wait it out. Like that's that's what I feel like I'm often do is I'm just driving, knowing that I'm I'm not going to say that I'm driving impaired. Don't drive impaired. No, definitely not. But I feel like that's how I'm like navigating it. I'm just working as if like, oh, I know I'm in a fog right now. And I mean, just like with fog, usually what you're told to do is like, well, make sure you have your lights on, make sure you do all these other precautionary things. And you just kind of have to drive through it, knowing that eventually it goes away. That's kind of where I'm at is is like, I wish that I had more things in place for when I'm in the fog, not necessarily for knowing when the fog is there, because I tend to I tend to notice really quickly only because it happens about every day of like, oh, I'm in such a fog right now. But figuring out what I can do to alleviate the fog to me is more important because I feel like that's the reason I'm in it every day is because I'm driving in it, not necessarily avoiding it. I think that there are probably other things I could be doing that would make the situation better. I just genuinely don't know what those things are. So when when you're in that fog and you can't is, is this something where you could go to a list of things on your Sunday, maybe? And work on something different that maybe you have the energy for that isn't like normally a high priority, whether it's, I don't know, cleaning the windows or, you know, deep scrubbing the baseboards or something like physical that maybe will get you out of the location based thing. Because I know a lot of times, like if I change locations, it can be helpful. You know, you're you're moving through, you're adjusting something or a nap or a shower sometimes will work. Or if there's a way that you like was mentioned in the chat, you know, watching training videos, something that can can move productivity along, but doesn't take a lot of energy. This is where I usually just call Kathy Campbell on an ounce. Which I love, it's my favorite thing, and I definitely don't automatically go, Jay, are you dead? Well, no, of course not because I'm calling you. I know, but that doesn't mean that it's logical what my brain is going to think. Yeah, but no, I say that because usually if I'm in a point where I am at a standstill, my goal is often, you know, talk to somebody like it's like if you have a clog, which is similar to fog. You know, you can only work with the tools that you have before you have to call in the professionals. And for me, my professionals are just funny friends and they have different tools and they say, well, here, try this tool. Maybe this tool works. And then I try that again. Oh, you know, it did kind of work a little bit. I don't think it necessarily like gets all of it out, but you know, it's enough to at least get me moving forward again. Yeah. And that's to me, that has been kind of my go to. I want to try in the future to kind of set up. I don't want to say like a project process. I love the idea of pre mortems, the idea of like, hey, before I even start working on this, let's identify all of the things that could come up and like potential workarounds for them. That said, I never do them. So it's like, I don't I don't think that's going to work. But but I do like the idea of of moving into kind of a state of focus on like like this this week, I'm working on this this big blog post for work. And it's like, there are other projects that I know I will need to work on. But the important thing is that I get this blog post finished because it needs to get edited. It needs to get peer reviewed. It needs like it has like all these things that have to happen. Yeah. And those things can't even start until I'm done with that post. So it's like, I'm not even going to try to put myself in a fog state because I know that like, if I start worrying or thinking about these other things, then I will never get to the point where there will be a little bit of clarity. And I know that that place exists because I had another project that literally the day of the wedding where I'm supposed to be like, hey, I'm here to support the groom and like be the best groomsman that I can. I'm over there like stressing because the thing that I was supposed to wrap up that day didn't work. And it's like, there's nothing you can do. You don't have your laptop. You can access it via your phone. Also, you're at a wedding. You should be focusing on that. But all of those things, it literally came down to like sitting in the airport before I could clear that fog. But once I had it done and once it was out, it was like such a huge weight. It seemed like the clouds cleared up and it was like, oh, now I can just focus on this one thing because this is now the most important thing. Before that was the most important thing. Now, this is the most important thing. So to me, often like I guess treating that fog is almost a an indicator of like, like I said, usually it happens when you're doing too much, but that fog is often the result of whatever the thing you should be tackling is. So as long as you have the ability to focusing on like, I'm just going to get this done. And when it's done, hey, fog's gone or a new fog rolls in, which is, you know, another issue that you have to work on. But at least then you're not battling two fogs. You're only battling the one. It's so interesting to me because I don't necessarily have to work on it. I don't necessarily get a fog when I am like really nervous or something about a project or overwhelmed with a specific project, because usually if I if I have that specific project, I know what needs to be done. And I've just not choosing but like the executive dysfunction of doing it is is pushing back. And like, I don't want to do it, even if it's totally like it will maybe not take, you know, a minute. But there are definitely some things that I have put off and put off and put off because I was not scared, but kind of scared. And then it takes 30 seconds and I'm like, what? What? Like, how did this happen? Yeah, so it's interesting to kind of. I wonder and like, I know that it seems to me that brain fog affects everyone differently and it comes and maybe hits us different points in our days or a project or whatever. And it also seems to pass differently. Like, I definitely, definitely have some days where if I just push through the fog lifts or I'm useless no matter what I do and I just instead of getting frustrated by being in the fog, I have to just be like, OK, cool. I'm done for the day. Like, clearly nothing is going to get done because everything in my brain I keep trying to touch and it dissolves. That was a lot of how I was feeling last week. There was one day where I basically played Sims most of my day because I could not do anything. I could not even focus on a task and do the bare minimum to get that done. And it was really not. It was really hard to not let myself be hit with this level of grief for being a quote unquote bad person. I know I'm not a bad person. I know I'm not a bad business owner. I'm not a bad client employee. I'm not a bad person. I'm not a bad person. I'm not a bad person. I know that I can't actually say anything about this. I know that I can't say anything about this. But I knew that anything I tried to start was not going to happen because I could not even get to the part where I was going to pick something to begin. like 12 hour days level of work. And again, no one is asking me to do this. I'm doing it on my own, which to me, again, this is like, hey, when work takes, when it takes you longer to navigate from one point in your life to the next, usually fog, you know, that's a thing. That's a very, that's a very like real parallel of like, hey, it takes you longer. At least it should, if you're driving in fog, because you should be driving slower. But I wonder if that's all not bad, if contained. Cause like you said, you mentioned, you know, I needed to get away from kind of the reality of life. So I played the simulation of life, which I don't know if you know what Sims is, but we've talked about a lot of video games. Yeah, it's a video game episode, it's fine. Except for Tetris. Oh, see there, there, no obligatory Tetris. There we go, we're good. But I wonder if there's a way to just acknowledge like, hey, I'm in a fog, but I don't have anything at the moment that's time sensitive. Maybe we just, you know, we take a token, so we don't do it too often, but we take a token and say, hey, I'm gonna work on this tonight. Or I'm gonna work on this once the fog is lifted. And if the fog doesn't lift, I had someone tell me about our last show is that, you know, it's great that we are in a position of our careers where we have the privilege of being able to work when we wanna work and take breaks when we want and need to take breaks. I say privilege is often best when used in the right way. So let's exhaust a little bit of that privilege and be like, hey, if I can work anytime, or if I can get away with quiet quitting for a day, like, I'm just gonna, let's just do that and just be okay with it. Because what is the alternative? Being extremely stressed out, feeling guilty because you're playing Sims when instead you're like, oh, I should be working. Well, no, you set your hours. So like you work when you feel it's time to work. And right now playing Sims is probably the best thing you can do for your work, because you're gonna do your best work once you're done. No one will die because I didn't send an email. I'm not doing, you know, I'm not getting hit by brain fog in the middle of surgery. Don't get hit by a brain fog, especially during surgery. Cause you know, that would just like, unsterilize the surgical field if you get hit by a brain frog. Title. It's absolutely title. Good job, Soph. Getting pelted by brain fogs. I love it. Except I hate it. Cause now I'm like imagining somebody doing surgery and you're opening up the body and like frogs are come flying out. So maybe that's less helpful. So now I'm in this position. I know I cut you off. I'm in this position of, does it become easier if instead of brain fog, this thing that we've always looked at is like, oh, it's so darker. You know, it's so annoying. And it's just like, if we look at it as brain frogs and we're just like, oh, it's a brain frog. And when you touch it, instead of it popping, it hops away. Yeah, it just hops away. You're like, get out of here little brain frog. Okay, okay. I'm digging this. I could see how, you know, instead of being scared of it or trying to get past it or whatnot, make friends with the frogs, pet them a little bit, hang out, frogs are cute, hanging out on some lily pads and toadstools cause that's where frogs hang out, obviously at all times. Like almost taking a moment to acknowledge where you're at and then you can hopefully get past it maybe. I think so. And again, it's as we've tried to say for 30 plus episodes now, there's so many things that we treat as this super serious thing. And that was the whole concept of Conduit is like, okay, we're going to de-seriousness the productivity space because like for real, everybody treats this as if, you know, it's a matter of life and death. But I think that once we look at it as, oh, you know, just a little brain frog, it's fine. You know, get out of here little brain frog and just shoo it away. Shoo. Like it's fine. Shoo frog, don't bother me. Exactly. I think that's a fly though. I love this idea now. I mean, I don't love it because it's still going to happen. But this idea of reframing kind of where you're at and letting it settle, you know, it's not ghosts anymore. We're switching away from the ghosts where, you know, you don't want to acknowledge it. Ghosts are scary, frogs are horrible. Frogs are absolutely cute. I will probably steal slash borrow one of my child's like eight frog stuffed animals that they have in their bedroom currently, because they have a lot, a lot, lot, a lot, a lot of frogs. Frogs and mushrooms is in their bedroom. Sounds like a lot of toadstools. Yeah, they actually like, they want a stool that looks like a toadstool. Very badly, but they don't have their room clean enough to have another seating location. Also, toadstool, a character in Mario, another game. You already did Mario Kart, that's like close enough. Oh, goodness. Well, you know, we fixed it. We fixed it. We fixed brain fog. We have defogged. By making it a frog. That's some magic. It's something. That's definitely something. But good job. We can do it. Absolutely can did it. Heck, yeah. Real Z, get that download Hotel Giant to play it. Play all of the games. Find some some some ways to relax and breathe and take a moment. Yeah, the show's not over yet, Sky, because we're still going. But we can still say you can did it. It's not like an automatic like turning off the stream. But it's a way to we're done with the topic. How about that? Haha. Instead, let me tell you about our sponsor Masterclass. This episode of Conduit is brought to you by Masterclass. With Masterclass, you can learn from the world's best minds anytime, anywhere and at your own pace. With over one hundred and fifty classes from a range of world class instructors in eleven different categories, that thing you've always wanted to do is closer than you think. You can learn the art of negotiating from Chris Boss, improve your culinary skills with Mexican cooking by Gabriela Camara. Learn about disruptive entrepreneurship from Richard Branson or learn how to make compelling videos that go viral with Marcus Browley, also known as MKBHD. OK, so I was lucky enough to come in and get a subscription for Masterclass, which is something that I've always wanted to do. And actually doing it was incredible. I took three classes so far. I did Annie Leibovitz teaches photography. Ron Finley teaches gardening and Misty Copeland teaches ballet technique and artistry. So Misty Copeland's obviously I am not a prima ballerina, but I did dance when I was younger and getting to kind of work through. Like I did some of the warmups along with her. I am just watching the beauty of her movement, but also talking about stuff and her journey and where she started. I learned that she doesn't use toe pads with her point shoes because her point teachers like taught them to not use toe pads, which is very. Don't try that at home. Please wear protection on your toes. If you're doing point. But she's like, oh, I yeah, this is how I was taught. And I just don't. And that's just something that I didn't know. And I thought I knew a lot about Misty. And she performed several different ballet variations. And the the the way that these are almost presented as if they are like super high quality. YouTube videos in that they're like 10, 15 minute, sometimes 20 minute chunks. So they're smaller videos. So you don't feel like you're OK. I got to sit down and I got to watch three hours of this. So it's easy to just add a little bit throughout your day. Learning new things was really inspired when watching in a leap of wits. I want to get into a studio and do some of the portraiture that she did and that she talked about. It just was really inspiring. And I mean, Ron Finley, if you haven't heard of him, he's incredible. He basically creates these gardens in the city space of highways and things. And hearing his story and how he got started, but also having some real tips on how I can garden and maybe not kill my plants. So I have bought some bulbs and I'm hoping to grow some flowers in the spring. So stay tuned. That might be a connection coming up. I highly recommend you check it out, get unlimited access to every class. And as a conduit listener, you get 15 percent off an annual membership. Go to masterclass.com slash conduit right now. That's masterclass.com slash conduit for 15 percent off masterclass. Our thanks to masterclass for their support of this show and all of Relay FM. Woo. Use masterclass to take a break and learn something new when you're resting and in the middle of a brain frog. How about that? There you go. Actually, that's a good idea. When you you have when there's a frog in your way, maybe there's a masterclass lesson on how to catch frogs. I'll have to look. Probably not. But maybe, maybe in the meantime, what's your connection for the next conduit? So I mentioned it. I'm heading back. Oh, oh, I do, too. Am I allowed to do to everybody? I guess it's so I'm doing two for a reason. Um, my birthday is in a couple of days. Well, at the time of this, of other people hearing this, the people that aren't listening live, my birthday will be that day. My birthday is is on conduit day. Yeah. Um, there is one thing that I've been wanting to do for a while, which was sit down and have a very expensive drink with my mom. And I mean, very expensive is like I want to one, I want to get a nice bottle of whiskey and share that with my mom who doesn't drink whiskey, but have a relaxing, hey, we're adults. Let's just talk about adult stuff. Conversation and my mom has agreed to this. But I know that as parents are, there are always concerns that come up and things like that. And I want to just tell my mom, I'm doing good. I mean, if you ask me, how's my mental health, it varies day by day. But like, for right now, I think I'm doing good. And I want the courage to be able to say that. So I am saying now that one of my connection checks is to enjoy a, you know, very nice dinner and drink with my mother and just give her the reassurance that I'm doing all right. But then the other one is I will be back home next week. There's an episode of Conduit called Getting Back into the Swing of Things. I might need to listen to that episode. It's one of the first ones, so it might be rough. I don't know. But I will need to get back into the swing of things. And a lot of that is doing things not necessarily differently or going back to how I was doing them before. I think that this trip I have learned a lot. I mentioned I've been working way more than I normally do. And I want to examine why that's happening. And I think I know why. But I think the only way I can test that theory is once I'm back home, where I have a computer at a desk and not like my Mac book. My my theory is separation of concerns. So I might be removing my laptop, my personal laptop from our work or which I mean, this is all like everything's above above board here with that. It's it's more of just like, oh, hey, if I can't do work on my laptop, that means I have to do work on, you know, a device that work is designated. Yeah. So it'll it'll prevent me from working beyond my usual self. So again, nice dinner with mom, but also come up with a plan of action on what to do with with device. So I'm not going to say I'm committed to doing it yet, because I got to see and make sure that everything is done the right way. So there might be like an in-between measure until then, but we'll see. We'll get there. I love that. OK, so my connection last week, so I hadn't been to the co-working space for a few weeks, mainly because I couldn't necessarily leave Ryan because he couldn't do anything because he only had he had no working hands. But he's finally getting more stable and able to do more things for himself, which means I can go to the co-working space. I could have gone. I was basically making excuses for a little bit. And when I did go, it was really helpful to get out of my own head. And so I am going to make a connection to start going to the co-working space again, even if it's just for a little bit. A lot of the kind of mental block was, oh, I can only go for four hours. So that's not enough time. Yes, it is totally enough time to go and be in a space that's separated from everything else. Like, that's OK. I can do that. So, yeah, my thing is going to be going more often to the co-working space. I just realized I was talking about figuring out my system. I didn't have a space for my connection checks, but I do now. Excellent. All right. Our pathologists of the show, Laura, their connection is I have some unstructured days coming up these next two weeks at work. I need to plan ahead what I want to focus on each day. I have done at least a little work on whatever projects I decide to focus on every day. Otherwise, I will just jump from one task to another and have trouble making any real progress. I can't wait to hear how this goes. I think you're going to do an incredible job, especially because you've written it out. That means you're partially there for a plan. So you can do this. Our guitarist of the show, Scott, says new connection, slow connection, slow connection, slow connection. Slowly get back to exercising and continue getting used to my new anxiety meds. Take time. Take the time that you need to get adjusted. And of course, continue to work with your medical professional and not me because I'm not one on getting those meds balanced out. Our owl of the show, Kate, says, finish the last few pages of the portfolio and tweak the website so that the new pages are ready to go live. Even if more details will be added later. Hopefully, I'll also be able to get my CV ready by the next show so I can start actually looking for jobs. Fingers crossed. Absolutely. Fingers crossed, Kate. You can do it. I blinked out for one second. All right. The last file of the show, Ponder, says recurring tasks. I want to brainstorm all the things I do or want to do in periodic intervals and find a way of capturing them, scheduling them and holding myself to account. I mean, considering you've gotten the last six years figured out, I would assume all the recurring tasks have already been taken. I'm kidding. You can do that. It's going to be great. All right. Our soprano of the show, Deborah, plot twist. So exciting. My boss let me know that he's retiring at the end of the year, and he wants me to take over his role. Part of my connections between now and the end of the year will be figuring out how to do the new job while he's still around to help with the transition. The rest of my connection for the next fortnight is to take care of my husband and various things around the house while he recovers from a minor surgery. I am so excited for your new job opportunity. I love that your boss just was like, yo, you're going to do. I want you to do this. Like, what a refreshing piece of like support. I just think that's great. And I hope you can find some peace and rest in between of taking care of your husband and the house and learning a new job. Definitely. Our oracle of the show, Sof says new connection, same connection. Carve out a few periods of writing time every week and do the writing thing. Hey, it's called a practice for a reason. Yes. You know, I love it. Get this get this practice underway and get it into your normal routine. Absolutely. Our regular routine is to get this practice underway and get it into your routine. Absolutely. Our panda of the show, James, I'm a fixer by nature, but I should recognize that I can't and shouldn't try to fix every situation. I will still help other people as I am able to, but I shouldn't break myself in the process of doing so. Absolutely, James. And, you know, I will help hold you accountable. Yes, that's all one space. Every surface is covered with items, paints, models, tools, papers. I got to clear some space. Yeah, a clear space is a clear mind as someone would want you to believe. But also, I'm the type of person that if I don't see it, it doesn't exist. Yeah, it's a delicate balance. Yes, so best of luck in your journeys. Our blue dragon of the show. Their connection is to come up with a connection for the next conduit. Excellent. Can't wait to hear what you figure out. And then our friend of the show, Maddie, our friend of the show, Maddie, says, apply to five project management positions and finalize capsule wardrobe plans. Finalize capsule wardrobe plans. I don't fully know what capsule wardrobe is, but I'm hoping that it's like a time capsule where you put a bunch of clothes from the 2020s into a time capsule so people can, in like 2050 when they're like flying and stuff can be like, ah, I remember when people had to wear shoes because they had to walk on the ground. Not quite, but capsule wardrobe is you've got the first part of it, right? You basically put specific clothes into the capsule known as the closet. Basically, it's an idea of fewer clothing that you are able to use in multiple different ways to make a variety of outfits, but also to wear not quite a uniform where you have the same, you know, jeans and t-shirts that you wear every time, but the idea that you have fewer choices to make because you have fewer clothes. Makes sense to me. Got it. All right. Nameless of the show, Robert says, new connection gets settled with my wife in our temporary place. Make sure all systems are moving in the right direction for our home to finally finish the renovations. Excellent. I apologize for the my wife. It had to be done. Congratulations. And lastly, our train enthusiast of the show, Railsie says new connection. Keep doing the jobby job thing for QA. Continue along the second jobby job interview process to get into a dream company. Even as a contractor, the door is opening to put my foot in. There you go. See, I love as we've been watching this journey unfold, like different ways of getting to where you want to go have kind of been revealing themselves over time. And you're also doing that without, you know, alienating your existing crew of folks and you're making it better. And I think that that's a noble and honorable thing to do. So great work on that. If you would like to submit a connection, you can do so on Twitter by tweeting at conduit FM using the hashtag my conduit or in the really FM discord with question mark my conduit. You can also hang out in the show follow up channel, start your message out with the conduit image and then type your connection. You can do it in separate messages or all in the same one. It's totally up to you. We can figure it out. I promise. And go ahead and visit. Give us your flipping money dot com to become a member today and hang out in the discord. Also, if you would like conduit stickers to remind you that you can do it, head to you can wear it dot com or give us your flipping money dot com slash where and get either individual stickers or a three pack and they can be shipped straight to your house with a lot of love. Thank you to hover and master class for sponsoring this week's episode. Hey, Jay, did we can do it? Hey, get out of here, little brain frog. Yes, yes, we we can did it. Ribbit.