---
description: The bestest of system names for the bestest of friends. Kathy and Jay
  talk about the changes their systems have had and why it's okay to be dynamic.
pub_date: December 1st, 2022
title: '37: Systems Check Fall 2022 - Systems Don’t Solve Everything '
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/37
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we condue our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that checks on your systems and checks off those checklists. This episode is brought to you by Hover. I'm Kathy and I am here with my favoritest co-host that I've missed so much, even though I was only gone for one episode. Jay, hi friend. Oh, hi. That's me. That's you. I missed you. I missed you too. Let's do a show. Shall we start with the shout outs? Yes. First up to PK Shu for covering for me and making an amazing podcast episode as well as giving me another rabbit hole to dive into because I love his. I love his YouTube channel and I love the specialties that he's doing and it just it makes me happy. So I enjoyed the last episode. I'm glad. And yeah, big shout out to PK. Like it's it's not every day where you get to just randomly meet someone who is like a future good friend and like someone you talk to a lot and do stuff. But that it seems to be like that's that's kind of what's happened is like I I had a drink. I met a friend. That friend became a guest host. And now we talk about awesome things like bags. Also, I've been talking to the pen boss himself about our our mysterious conduit bag and he might know somebody. So. Oh, excellent. I am definitely conduit bags. Twenty twenty three. Let's let's make it happen. And if you want it to happen, you need to become a member of conduit and tell us that, hey, you want those you want those sweet, sweet accessory bags. And if you want to become a member, you can visit give us your flipping money dot com and join to become one of our conductors. But you also don't have to be a paid member to be a conductor. All you have to do is share your connections, which come later in the show. Until then, Jay, what's your shout out? Yeah. Shout out to a online friend of mine, Mike Bufolco. Oh, Twitter tag irreverent Mike, I believe. I almost want to say irrelevant, Mike, I'm pretty sure it's irreverent, Mike, because Mike is very relevant, very relevant. Hi, Mike. Mike, I joined a stream of his as he was working on some stuff and he proceeded to do the one thing that will almost guarantee you a shout out on the show, which was tell me how awesome conduit is. And how he was such a big fan, even though I didn't I didn't ask him about it. That's that's great. That makes me feel good. Hi, Mike. So, yes, thank you so much, Mike, for the awesome words. And then also he did then give us a shout out on Twitter, thanking us for the awesome show with PK as well, saying that it was kind of like the thing he needed at the moment as he was traveling and had a bunch of cameras and was really thinking about getting a new camera bag. So it was just like, oh, yes, I love when everything just kind of works out in the best of ways. Speaking of things working out in the best of ways, my last shout out goes to Jackson, who I met at the Dragonsteel Convention. There were several thousand random nerds hanging out for Brandon Sanderson at his convention. And I was working a booth and the booth that I was working at also happened to be where the line to enter the big area would pass. So I got to see and talk to everybody in line. We played games. It was great. But I recognize a Cortex shirt. And I was like, hey, that's a great shirt. And so we talked about Cortex a little bit and then we talked about Relay. And I was like, I am the fantastic community member, member, community manager for the Discord. You should totally sign in to the Discord and become a part of that. But also you should listen to Conduit. And he did and then came back the next day and was like, dude, this is great, because I sold the show apparently in a way that hit his brain. So hi, Jackson. Thank you so much for joining the Discord and listening to the show. So, Kathy, how does it feel? Side quest. How does it feel to do the job that I like whenever I'm gone because I'm at a conference doing the thing I'm doing the thing that you did? Yeah. How was that? It's very weird. Yeah. I think I prefer when you are a keynote person. Well, I mean, working the booth and stuff is fun. Like I enjoy talking to people and I do have probably like an 80 percent like success rate and finding people that have some form of Relay FM, switch on apparel and being like, hey, and then I do the obligatory flex where I'm like, you know, if they have one from our our, we'll say friends of the network ATP to have an ATP shirt on, I'll say, hey, do you want to tell Casey this high? And they'll be like, how do I do that? And then I just then I just randomly text Casey a picture of us. That's incredible. Yeah, this was the only appropriately nerdy shirt that I recognized outside of the regular nerd. So it's a different type of nerds than the tech nerds, I think. But it was really fun. And nobody recognized my incomparable zeppelin shirt the next day. But that's OK. Yeah. Ah, speaking of what is next. Next is the last shout out that I made a little note for you to read. You did. I see that now. Jay has a problem with reading things from some from time to time. It's fine. I have a problem with talking. We're good partnership. Shout out to our guitarist of the show, Scott. If you remember last week, I opened and closed the show with with connections that Scott quote unquote made that he didn't make. So shout out to Scott, who said I was so confused when Jay started to read a connection check that I definitely didn't submit. Also, somehow this got into our spreadsheet as well. So it got into our spreadsheet because Scott was appropriate and left a message in the show follow up channel with the icon of conduit at the beginning. So it populated into the spreadsheet. And thank you so much for that, Scott. And I think Scott was telling us about, you know, all the amazing things that you can do to support the show. Kathy, what are those things? Yeah. So right now, Relay has our second annual holiday special on annual memberships running from November 21st to December 17th, 2022. Annual plans will be 20 percent off, but will renew at full price, which is $50 after the first year. For more information, visit give Relay dot com. And if you don't want to give someone a Relay FM switch on annual membership, that's OK, too. We have other options to support Jay and I. Visit you can wear it dot com to find stickers, shirts, hoodies, etc. with your favorite conduit designs. I believe we have a network boss that I can quote that said, Yo, them conduit shirts do be looking nice, though. It's true. It's true. And if you want to hear them talk about that, become a member. And you can not only get whatever fun goodies that everyone gets, and possibly extra parts of the podcast that you choose, which stay tuned for conduit, maybe in the future. You also get a fun behind the scenes. What is it called? Oh, my gosh. Backstage backstage. Thank you. A backstage episode show monthly with our favorite pod daddies, Mike and Stephen, who come and they talk about a little bit behind the scenes of what's going on with Relay. And then we also have a show called Spotlight. That is a behind the scenes kind of of a host where I talk to a host and we answer questions that are put in the discord. So lots of good things going on at Relay FM. Switch on. I'm pretty sure Mike and Stephen absolutely hate it when we refer to them as pod daddies. It's true. It's true. But they're not listening to this right now. So it's fine. Yeah. Shame on them. Yep. How about this? How about we do our connection checks? Jay? Nice. My connection. I was supposed to wrap up the things that prevented my done for now and done for good from being officially done for good. I did that. Yeah, I did it to the point that I'm done doing it. I'm not going to say that everything got done, but enough of it got done that I'm like, this is run its course. We're good now. So I will I will proudly claim that my next connection will not be the same connection that I've had for the last couple of conduits. Excellent. So I also have a green checkmark, which was kind of clearing my desk. It's not 100 percent done, but I'm still doing a green checkmark because I feel better in my space. I have room. I can see my beautiful desk, Matt, with Mike and Stephen's faces smiling at me. So everything is good on my side. Shall we check out our conductors connections? I think we should. And let's start with Railsie, the train enthusiast of the show, says connection check yellow. Light, not every day, but was definitely worth it. I think I need to reevaluate some things. I am a I feel like a horrible host right now. What was the previous connection? It was obviously to do headspace every day. Ah, OK. Actually, Railsie, I want to I want to riff on that a little bit because I have been doing a couple of things. I've been listening to a book that might be a little bit more listening to a book that my therapist recommended. I can't remember the name of it because I literally just hit play Apple Books and like I listen to the same chapter over and over and over again because I keep falling asleep in the process, which means it's a great sleep aid, at least. But also, I've been doing some mindfulness hashtag, KTM, whatever you want to call it, like just listening on some YouTube videos. And some of them are from Headspace and some of them are from Calm. But I have been trying to kind of slow myself down and put myself in the right perspective for the moment. And part of that is because of the connection that you had. Again, I think I said this before the show started. It's not like I forget up until conduit. It's just I start doing it at the beginning and then I forget why I was doing it. It's fine. Everything's fine, including our next connection check, which is still fine. Kate, our owl of the show, has a red square. They've been ill under the weather for like two weeks, so haven't been able to focus on their connection basically since they graduated. So instead, they've been trying to be kind to themselves. And it hasn't been going great. Thanks, anxiety. Hence my red score. I think this is a situation where we're not going to bully someone into not having a red, because clearly there is a lot going on. And it's very difficult, especially when you're sick, to give yourself the grace and permission to continue to be sick. And so instead, we're going to say we love you. We hope you're getting better. And please treat yourself the way that we would treat you. Yes. Our blue dragon of the show, Skyler, says another yellow light. Is it a blue light? Is the yellow light the blue light? The blue light, the yellow light? I'm not sure anymore, because someone wants to be difficult and not go with green instead, they go with blue. Systems check time yellow, because I didn't take as much time as I wanted to actually write out the specifics of the system. But at least I have a name SkyOS or is it SkyOS? SkyOS? SkyOS. I mean, it's probably SkyOS, but I am going to say SkyOS in my name. Oh, it's always SkyOS now. Now it's SkyOS. It's like GLaDOS. Sorry Sky. It's like GLaDOS. Like, I mean, of course it's SkyOS. All right. Our panda of the show, unfortunately, also gave a red square. I was going to take a break this month, but my brain really didn't like the prospect of that. So I did more work instead that I definitely didn't need to do. In my defense, I was twice attacked by some gallstones, so my brain needed a distraction. True, you did have a battle. However, doing more work to stress out other things probably was not quite the solution that you would give me if I had the same concerns. So I'm going to give you a panda hug and remind you to take care of yourself. And to take a break, which I'm fairly certain is your connection for the future. I just want to throw out there, when you said gallstones, I heard the G and the A and I immediately heard golf balls and thought to myself, being attacked by golf balls is not good. This is not good either. So I'm going to say, be careful of both gallstones and golf balls, James, please. Yes. You're the only you're one of two pandas in the world that I like. So please. Our nameless of the show, Robert, connection check, green check mark. After taking a Disney break in which I was not invited to, I want to remind. Yeah, I wasn't invited either. It's fine. But you're with your wife or something. After taking a Disney break, I came back to create a game plan for December. In doing so, one of my three projects got pushed back to the new year, lighting the workload to allow me to complete one of my two remaining projects. The remaining one is in progress and should be done by Friday. I have not had the chance to think about my themes and systems due to something coming in my new connection, but I will be checking out when the time checking out something when the time comes. I'm guessing that is the systems and themes episode. I'm getting a channel, maybe. Folks are reading this from Discord and Discord doesn't like to be friendly to us. Sometimes. Hold on. Let me let me go back and we're going to search in our favorite show. Follow up channel. Oh, except Robert is typing because. OK, yes, the channel systems that they've. Thank you, Robert, for being a part of the discord. So you can hang out in the live stream chat while we record. Don't apologize. It's not your fault. It's discord, which we know as much as we love discord, it has some concerns and issues. And one of those is when we push it out, we lose the magic thingies. And so thank you for being here to clear it up for us. I mean, if only it were on the Fediverse and like we're across. We're moving on. All right. Our oracle of the show, Soph, has a green apple. All my many busy tasks happened. So I guess I did something this fortnight. Although I'm still behind on the writing, but slowly getting there. You know what? I have a. Excuse me. I apparently am. Tensinite and dying him. Try this again. I have a feeling that you might always be behind on writing, which doesn't necessarily mean that you're behind. It means that you're right where you need to be for the moment. So I am proud of you for giving yourself the green apple. And let's see what happens in the future, shall we? Yes. And one thing that I will promise people in the future, I will probably have to buy a new domain and I'll hopefully use our sponsor. That's a great idea. Hey, you listening to this, have you ever thought about starting your own business, creating a brand, sharing your wealth of knowledge with the world or using your years of experience to create something for yourself? Hover wants to help you take the first step in getting your ideas off the ground. Do you have a brand that you've always dreamt of building or a business you want to take online? The first step is finding your domain name. Hover makes this super simple with a clear and straightforward user experience, easy to use tools and truly amazing support from friendly humans. It's never too late to step up to the plate and share what you have to offer. Getting online has helped thousands of people around the world reach new heights with their businesses. So I mentioned having to buy new domains. Folks, I've been doing some stuff, doing some stuff behind the scenes, coming up with ideas and doing things. And we all know when the first step in creating something new is registering that domain. And Hover is absolutely the first place that I go to almost instinctually now. Like, you know how people say Google it when they mean to search things on the web? Well, I just hover a domain like that. Yeah, in fact, I have two keywords to search for new Hover domains when the show is over because I have ideas. So I'm very excited. In addition to the classics like dotcom, you can get extensions like dot shop, dot tech and dot art. And with over 400 more to choose from, you'll be able to find the perfect domain name for your business, one that's memorable, relevant and boost your brand. You can buy a domain, set up custom email boxes and point it to your website in just a few clicks. If you ever run into trouble, help is just a phone call or chat away. Secure, simple and reliable. Hover is a trusted and popular choice amongst millions of people launching any kind of brand or business. If you're ready to get your idea off the ground with the perfect domain name, head to hover.com slash conduit to get 10 percent off your first hover purchase. That's hover dot com slash conduit to get 10 percent off. Our thanks to hover for their support of this show and all of Relay FM. Thanks. OK, I can't believe it's been a quarter. It's that time again. Time for a systems check. That's not going to be the theme song, but it's totally going to be the theme song for now. You know, we have we have a custom noise. We have our zap. So we need a system check song. I know we have a lot of musicians in the audience. And if anyone wants to create a systems check song that we could play right here at this moment each quarter, that would be amazing. And I would cry from happiness. However, we don't have one right now. So instead, we're just going to talk with words. Yeah. So our system check. This is this is the episode once a quarter where we nerd out on all the things that we've been doing with our productivity systems. It is brought to you by the Systems and Themes channel of Discord, where I will tell you, Jay, being an ex productivity podcaster is often interested in, yet also reviled by the idea of talking about it all the time. This is our this is our one time a quarter to just let it all out and just talk about it. Let it all hang out, Jay. You came with topics which I love, and I appreciate all of these topics because it helped kind of guide the conversation in a way that I really appreciate, because I couldn't think of how to discuss it. Even though we're not going to go for four hours like state of the apps in Cortex, we're going to do what we can to share our joyful systems. Yeah, we got we got stuff to do today. Heck, yeah. We got yeah, I have another meeting. I can't keep talking. Exactly. We're not beating the record. Chad is telling us to beat the record. We're not going to beat the record. We're not even going to attempt to beat the record. If you really want that, give Relay Dotcom. Make sure you click the conduit one and then tweet at us to beat the record. Yeah. Or give us your flipping money. Dotcom. Absolutely. Who's going first? Well, you know what? I'm going to announce the topic first, because I have a feeling your answer to this is going to be a lot more than mine because the first topic is automation. That is a bad assumption. OK, well, it's more than me because I have one automation. OK, kind of sort of in. I got I I found the hue bulb that I had gotten when I got my Lady in the Tube Studio, big sounding one. And I actually connected to something, which means that I now have an automation that when I say Dengus, a migraine, it lowers the light, it turns it on and lowers the light. So when Ryan gets a migraine. Oh, I thought you meant when I get a migraine. Or when you get a migraine. You know, I get that notification and I'm like, oh, I need to turn my lights down for Jay. No, for Ryan, when he gets a migraine, he can have the lights set to the right like level. I'm looking apparently this one that I have doesn't change color. So I want to get one that changes color so that it can do like a soft orange light and maybe figure out some way to a couple different Spotify playlists that are made for migraine reduction, which are just kind of like some gray noise. It's something to let his brain concentrate on things other than the pain. So possibly figuring out a way to get the speaker to go off on that. I do have we do have a lady in the tube puck, lady in the puck. Is that what they're called? I don't know. I'm not going to say the words because we don't want anyone yelling at us. By that, I mean the robots. But maybe have that go off in the bathroom to have a little bit of the noise. I'm unsure. We'll see. But that is the one automation that I have in my house. Mm hmm. That's only the new one. I'm guessing you still have some of your other ones. You still have your dance party automation, right? And yes, maybe we worked so hard on that. I know. I know. And I also don't really use the automation. That Rose spent so much time helping me for the check ins. I know. I know. It was getting really burdensome. I do have an automation idea that if someone wants to make and then share with us, we will happily possibly accept that. Yes, because I I've been hinting that I've had a hard time remembering what my connections are. And I know that there's this amazing app called Widget Pack that I could use to just put the connection on my home screen. And then I would always see what it is. And it would just be that friendly reminder of what it is. And I just have to update it every two weeks, which is fine. That's that's doable. But yeah, I would I would love to have a widget pack automation. And shout out to Scottie Jackson, who often does this for us and who has done a lot of stuff with automation stuff. And I know you're listening right now. So if you're listening, hi, Scottie, can you make that for me? Yeah, that would be great. I love that idea. So for my automation, I hate to tell you, but I'm kind of doing a lot of the same. I'm still mostly just using Bunch to manually trigger a few things with Alfred, which is great because it's been working and I don't touch it and I don't think about touching it at all. I don't think about messing with it. Yeah. Not messing with it is also great. Yes, yes, because that means you're putting your like attention on other things. It also reminds me that I do still use the automations on my stream deck to like launch. Pages in Chrome, so there's that. Oh, to mention that's that's interesting that you mentioned the stream deck, because I got rid of mine. OK, that's that was another thing in there. I didn't get rid of it per se. So my wife, insert Borat joke, is going to be streaming diamond art that she does as just kind of a super chill stream. Awesome. She was convinced by the pen boss, Brad's pen addicts community to to do so. And she said, you know what, I think I will do that. And once things like that are up and running, I will I will ask the our friends in the relay FM switch on community to also go and support. Don't worry, there's no I'm not double dipping or anything. She's not affiliate or anything like that yet. So I don't make any money off of this. But but is she going to go to hover dot com slash conduit to buy a very good domain name for when she goes live? I mean, possibly I could I could see it. Again, we're still trying to figure out all the things we're we're going to be doing some test streams and stuff. That said, I did buy another toy, which is the stream deck pedal. OK, so the knobby knob, not the knobby knobs. No, I know. I I've looked at them and I'm like, I'll probably buy one eventually, but now is not the time for that. There's other things happening. And also, I got this a while back and we just haven't had a systems check to talk about it. That said, I haven't done hardly anything with it right now. It controls my lights. I can turn the lights on. I can turn the lights off. And that was so that hopefully I don't know how well this works if I'm not logged in to my computer. But we have the setup for her stream at her desk that's like next to mine in the opposite direction or whatever. And there are lights set up for her and her stuff. And I wanted to figure out a way that the lights could turn on and she just like push a button and then the lights are on. And then when she's done, push the button and the lights go off. And it's great. And I don't know. She has a PC. I don't know the PC. I'm sure it's the same, but neither one of us want to mess with it. So we're like, oh, I'll step on the thing. It's fine. Yeah. Yeah, that that works. That works. Maybe we'll have to talk to Matty V and he can help. Yeah. The PC things. And I do have I have it set up. So I do this. I do a couple of live streams every week with some colleagues and some friends and one of the other podcasts that I do. And in that live stream, I have to change like camera angles and views and stuff with it. And I do have some of that set up, but it's still really, really soon on that. So I don't know. I don't know if I'm keeping that or not. And I've also had some issues with the stream deck buttons and OBS working the way that I thought they would. So there's a lot of issues that I'm like, I will get to these when it makes sense to get to them. Right now is not the time. Yeah. And then I guess the last automation is Kathy, you know, we have this little document thing that we we use to help keep us on on the tracks. With our conductors, our conductors. Yeah. And with that, the the biggest portion of that is having this document be created. And it's it's evolved several times. And there was a new attempt at that that got me doing less stuff and having it more automated so that it just showed up when it was time. And yeah, that doesn't work. I don't know why it doesn't work. And I don't really want to fight with it at the moment. So automation for me has been like a series of failures one after another. But maybe maybe there's a little bit of hope and at least the things that are long standing in my system are still working. So I don't have to mess with those at all. Yeah. Yeah. And I think specifically for the automation part, for me, it's such a it's a weird. Yeah, I don't know what's going on type of a thing, but it's entirely possible that by the next automation or by the next system check, I will have additional automations that I'm using consistently. We'll see. Yeah. So the next section in this systems check, it's kind of two sections bundled into one, because I think for some people, they might be the same thing. And that's the idea of logging and keeping. And this is mostly about tasks, but could also be. Other things I don't like, I mean, if you want to log, you know, water intake or, you know, some of those some of those types of things, maybe that's a thing that you're logging. And the way that I, you know, in my blog posts that I'm sure are tire advocate of the show will be proud that I've already started working on. The way that I highlight them are task logging. These are the things that I did in task keeping. These are the things that I need to do. And yeah, so maybe we start with logging and Kathy, are you are you logging anything? I think this is this is hard because a lot of the keeping things are I don't I don't keep a lot of. Things that I would also log. That makes sense at all. I don't I don't do like water tracking. And if I did, I don't care if I met my water last week. It's all just kind of like, am I doing it today? Would be kind of like that that mindset. And so for me, I would I would constitute like the logging part of this. A little like maybe brain dumping a little bit. And then my weekly like planning thing. Because I have a happy is it called a happy planner? Yeah, a happy planner. That's just a week view. That on Sundays, Sunday nights, usually to to help with the Sunday scaries, I write down Monday through Sunday, like my layout of what's on the calendar. The Sunday scaries. Yes. Do you not know what those are? No. The Sunday scaries are that feeling of dread you have when you have to start the week again. Oh, the Garfields when Mondays are coming. Yes, the Garfields is another another thought. Usually. So this the sensation and this feeling that I have is not because I'm dreading working. It's because I don't have enough control over what's going to happen to make me feel comfortable with what's going to happen the next day. So by coming in and writing out what is going to happen for the rest of the week, what appointments I have, what the dance schedule looks like, all of these things, taking care of that and knowing, hey, this is what's going to happen, means that I am not worried as much. And on the other side of that document is just a general like it's broken down by here's some errands that you have to run a task, get it done, calls and emails, notes and focus on. I don't really use those kind of how they want it to, but it's because it's a it's a zoomed slightly zoomed out view because it's the full week. It's not what's the day what the plan is for the day. Which kind of helps me concentrate on here's things that have to get done by the end of the week. And I can pick and choose or more importantly, for an ADHD brain. I don't forget about a big project that I'm not working on right this second. But I know needs to happen. Yeah. So that's kind of how that logging and it's kept because it's for, you know, the whole year. But not really. Like, I don't look back on anything. I don't. I basically take the pages. I could actually take the pages out and burn them, which might be cathartic. Well, yeah, like it sounded. Get rid of them. It sounded more like you were like you're logging and you're keeping or are like the same thing, which. Yeah. Yeah. And yeah, that's I think that's how I'm not going to say how most people because I don't want to. I don't want to do that thing. Again, there's this there's this book that I can't I can't remember the name of it, but it keeps telling me that that means that I'm minimizing my own stuff when I do that. So, yeah, let's not let's not do that. The chicken problem. Um, maybe, maybe. I don't know. That sounds familiar. I don't I don't know. It's like minimizing and maximizing or that. I don't know. They talk about binoculars and stuff. But I think that that's I mean, I like that you know that there is you've given it you've given it like this dedicated time and you understand that giving it that time is to prevent the was it the Monday? The Sunday Scaries. Yeah. Sunday Scary Sunday. Yes. Scary, scary Sunday. Yeah, I do like that. And I think that's that's something that I think I do, but I do out of panic, not necessarily out of like design. Yeah. And I definitely found myself panicking. And I'm like, wait a second, I have control over this. I can do things to not panic. Mm hmm. Yeah, that's I mean, that's the the conversations that that I have with some of my productivity nerd friends. They know who they are. They're listening. Hi, friends. It is very much the I keep wanting to try these other things. And as soon as they stop working, I panic and go back to the things that just work. And it's like, well, then why aren't you just using the things that just work? So I've definitely been in that position of like, oh, maybe stop panicking and just do the thing that you would normally do when you panic. And instead of waiting for the panic button to be pressed, you just make that your your normal normal stage. Yeah, if only it was so easy. And I I think I missed it. You're using are you using your Hobanichi for? No, I actually we are in November, the end of November right now. This episode goes out in December, and I have not purchased for the first year since 2014. Oh, wow. I did not purchase a Hobanichi cousin. You didn't purchase a plotter, right? Because I mean, that would be a weird like, no, events like, oh, now someone else is bougie and expensive. I love it. No, I bought a I think the this was like twenty dollars on Amazon. It's a ring planner. So sorry. I'm sorry, pen friends. I almost used the wrong term. Please forgive me. It's a disk planner. Oh, yeah. Disk planner. Oh, right, right, right, right, right. Right. This planner. Yeah. Yes. And I use in it Zebra Clickart, which are kind of like a felt. Pen kind of I don't I don't know how to describe it, but it's a clicky top, which makes it easy to to pull out and use. It's got us like a softer like marker. Like tip, I don't I don't know, but it's it's great. It's got good colors. It's easy to just keep on this happy planner because the paper is too smooth, really, to do any sort of fountain pen because I'm flipping back and forth so much. I just I just didn't want to deal with it, which guess what? It's fine to not use some of the tools that you have because something else works better. So then out there for myself mainly. Yeah. Yeah. And for you. But yeah, it's nice and easy to just have this here. And it's easy to use. I don't have to stress about it. I use it for whatever random notes I need without pulling out future topics in this topic for future pieces in this topic. I don't know what these little bits are called, but yeah. So that is my. Thing, my situation. What is yours? So I separated them because I thought about them in kind of this this weird space that I'm in. I do more logging than I do. Keeping keeping. Uh huh. So it's. I see myself. I've tried to do some interstitial journaling, which for those that don't know, interstitial journaling is like this idea of just writing down what you're currently doing as you're currently doing it. And it's not necessarily I mean, some people use it for like time travel. Like time tracking to be like, oh, at this time, you know, I'm doing this. And I did it from this time to this time. I am not good at this. So more of what I'm doing is like the. OK, what's all the stuff that I did today? And that's not how you're supposed to do it. I know that's not how you're supposed to do it, but I can't. I can't force myself to do it any other way. Is it the way like, are you finding value in the way that you're doing it? So interesting enough, it's kind of. Yes and no. Hey, I'm finding the value because there are those moments where I'm like, what did I do last week or whatever? And I'm able to go back and find it and see or if I was working on a thing. And this is this has been my overall issue. A lot of things. One of the big things is maybe moving some of the space of. Do I do I need to be keeping everything in my notebook versus having kind of this? I know a lot of a lot of folks are probably shouting, well, if you did this in obsidian, you wouldn't have this problem. Like having these daily logs where I'm doing the exact same thing, but I'm also able to share links and URLs and things that I went to and be able to just go and search for them. Yes, I know I have. News in that area as well, but, you know, if we're talking about systems, the only thing I could say is I'm playing with the idea of drafts for doing that. I'm also playing with the idea of craft for doing that. I'm also playing with the idea of something similar to obsidian called foam, which is just designed. It's basically obsidian without all the plugins, and it's built into Visual Studio Code, which is where I spend 98 percent of my day while I'm working. So it's it's it's like. I have problems with all of these and and my concern is the amount of time and energy you're spending looking at. Apps. So interesting enough, Kathy, you remember we've had phone calls about this where I was like, there is this one tool that I really want to use called Loop and Shameless Plug. This is in, I guess, full disclosure. This is made by the company that I work for, Microsoft, and it is an early access and I have early access to it now. It's not ready. I'm not. No. I I see the future and the future is bright, but the present is still very dark and grim. And I don't want to move all of my things in there yet. And they would be the first to tell you that you probably shouldn't. Considering there are just some times of the day where your data is just not available. And don't know why. Haven't figured it out yet. That's fun. Yeah. So there is there is this moment of like. Once all the bugs are resolved, my team will be operating out of there anyway, and I can separate easily. I can separate my personal space and my workspace, and I can kind of interweave them together as they need to be. So it does make sense that that could be in the long term, the place to go. Definitely not the place right now. And it's like, well, in the meantime, where does that stuff go? And that's why I like. There is something to say about obsidian, not having everything stored in a database, and everything is like a document that you can just copy and paste into something else if you wanted to move it. And that's why I am mostly leaning towards this idea of using the phone again. It's like obsidian, but it's for VS code and it's nowhere near as powerful, which is fine. I don't need the power. I don't want the power. Like, why use a motorcycle when my scooter is fine? So that's that's what I'm telling myself here. And congratulations, you just took my entire section on note taking. But yes, for now, the things that I do, the things that I did are being logged. And the value is that I can at least know that on this day, I did these things. And maybe that does tie into like a daily note where all of the actual links and references to the things that I did during that day are more valuable. And again, if you're wondering why I'm not just going with the other thing, stop wondering that it's none of your business. Right. Yeah. And as far as keeping goes, I've accepted that reminders is good enough for most of the things that I need to keep extremely long term, because those are usually things that I also need to share with my wife or I need to share with family members. And yeah, reminders is fine for that. There's nothing special. We've got, you know, car registrations do pay insurance renewals, open enrollment, all the adulting things. It's like reminders is great for that, because I'm not the only person thinking about these things. Yeah, that's true. That's a good. That's a good. I see that why keeping would work. I just wait for them to send me a piece of mail and then I do the things because I am a grown adult somehow. And I want other people to do the job for me. I mean, you're not wrong. You're not wrong. But the problem that I have is neither one of us can remember if we did something with that piece of mail. But see, I do it right away. That's that's why it doesn't as soon as it's unwrapped from the envelope. I am doing whatever needs to be done. We talked about this, though. It's the same thing with connections. I do it right away. And then two weeks later, I forgot whether or not I did it. I know. But if you always do it. It always gets done or at the very least, they will tell you if you didn't, usually with an angry letter of some sort, but or a fine or a fine. Yeah. But in that angry letter, you'll get it. However, that's a stupidity cost. See, you paid the dough tax as we call it. Yes. Dodo tax. So our next little subtopic is project planning. So what? Talk to me about your project planning, Jay. Yeah. So obviously, there's a difference between tasks and projects, which is why project planning, I think, in our last systems check, when I first introduced the Domi method, which, by the way, this is still all called the Domi method, that has not changed yet. Although there are some differences in the way that we use it. Although there are some new musical inspirations in my life that I will be happy to share with people at give us your flipping money dot com. And you asked me in discord. But one of the things I was doing is I had these a. Four sheets of paper, I always I never remember which size is which, and it's like the smaller the number, the bigger the paper. So, yeah, a four. Yeah. And on that before I was doing my weekly planning and then on the a five sheets, the smaller ones that are half the size, I was doing projects and keeping a project tally like, oh, this, this and all these things. I flipped that. OK. I also almost took that on coughing. Please don't choke to death. Yeah, I know. So I flipped that. And now my my logging, my these are the things that I did today are on the individual sheets because I've learned that I pretty much go through about one sheet a day. You know, one sided, two sided, then please send help because it's been a very busy day that day. Yeah. And then for projects, because my projects are starting to not be what's the they're not like work on this for a week. It's more like work on this for a quarter. I wanted something bigger that I could add little points to. I could mind map if I needed to. I could scribble and make little drawings and shout obscenities in paper form on one big piece of paper to kind of see this is this is the experience encapsulated instead of having like 15 sheets of paper that all point to like different areas and like then I have to figure out how to bundle all those pages together. And I'm not doing page numbers. So that's not a thing. And it just made more sense to put these longer, more long form ideas and projects and project plans on their own big piece of paper. Yeah, I can see that. And then do you have like, when do you go back and review it? So this is this is where there might be a small challenge in this, is that right now I'm in a space where I haven't had to go back and review a thing yet. I have had to go back and add to a thing where like I had this project, one of the big projects that I wanted to do of G where it was like, OK, I'm done with this. Oh, wait, no, I'm not done with this. And then like I added more to it and it was like, OK, I thought I was done with it here. And then also now there's this other little section that's a different thought. And I just use it, you know, in my mind, I should have used a different color ink for that. Maybe that's what I'll do in the next time is like, oh, hey, I'm done with that. Let me use a different pen with a different color ink and then be like, it clearly states that this was not intended to be an in existence at. But in terms of going back and reviewing, I do keep them. I have a the plotter system has these these little book things that are called insert binders that are just kind of like hard, hard board storage, I guess, for lack of a better phrase. And they're just significantly taller than your regular notebook. And they're not designed to be something you write or work out of. It's designed for you to put your inserts into when you no longer need them. So a lot of what I'm doing now where I used to. I used to like every month, I would put them in between the calendar inserts and then move them so that all of the archive stuff is in a separate part of my notebook. Now I just take the whole thing out. I do the same thing. I put them inside the calendar inserts. I put a book dart on the calendar page and I put that in this big, like long term storage binder. And my hope is that I'll do this one binder per year. And it looks like that's probably going to be good just based on, hey, I've been using the plotter system of like paper inserts and stuff for a year now. And yeah, one of these things is pretty close to being full. So, OK, it might it might make sense to just be like, oh, yeah, if I go back and I look at all of 2022, it's in this book. And then I just set that down. I get a new one and then I move along. OK, so here is my question. Are you like, is this stuff? Like. I don't know how to ask or how to how to how to understand, really, like, are these just notes and that like, or you're planning these things and then it happens and then it's done. And in most cases, you know, I with my job, I tell people like, I have a job where like I can start projects and they don't really have to have an end. These are projects that have an end. Like, OK, yeah, like I gave a talk on Saturday. That was me not necessarily wrapping up a project, but it was. So like, I have this project that ran from September up until Saturday. And the actual system that I the project that I built for it, that's going to be ongoing, I can just work on that. It's fine. Like that can be as done or not done as I please. But the thing that I was working on it for is now complete. So all of that gets wrapped up into like that project. The project itself wasn't like, oh, hey, make this, you know, ADHD messaging planner system. It was like, OK, you do all of that for these two events, the event in October and the event in November. Now, the actual code that you have from it, that can continue to live on. And if you want to use that code for other things, go right ahead. But the projects themselves have been wrapped up. OK. What about you? Yeah. So I I think of projects a little bit differently because of the nature of my work and the things that I do. And so most of my longer term projects live in the task management system, whatever, for each of my clients. And so those things exist outside of my own personal whatever. However, I have some longer term projects for like my own business and house and that sort of stuff. And it kind of this is kind of what lives in Todoist. Instead of having Todoist be task, my task manager, it's kind of become my this was brain dumped and I need to store it somewhere where in the future, when I have time slash energy to work on, I can access it. So, for example, several most of the things that I did on my solo retreat were things that I had put into Todoist before I even thought of this being my project planner thing. And I was like, oh, this works really well for what I am needing it for. And so I've started kind of doing that more so. It's a little bit different because I don't use any sort of due dates and I just like have them in different like projects. So if I have a thought, I'll just go in, put it in whatever. And then when I have time to work on Project X, all of the notes or thoughts that I've had live in that spot. So I don't have to go anywhere else. I don't have to search through pages. I don't have to find, I don't know, notes in Apple notes and a reminder or whatever. It's just all in there and I don't think about it until it's time to think about it. This has helped take things out of my brain because I have a lot of random thoughts that will come through if I'm working on something else. Where I'm like, oh, this is a good idea, I should put it on. This would work for X or this would work for Y. And it's not just for my own personal projects. I also have some kind of longer term ideas that live with other clients that I don't necessarily need to put it in their project management thing because it's not actionable right now. But it's something that I could maybe bring up to someone during a meeting or something like that. So that's what I use my to do is for. So has has anything changed in how you you to do this? Yes, because I'm doing it purposefully there instead of it just happened. Being that way. Be that way. Yeah. I've come to accept that I am not a individual task digital planner. And that's OK. There's nothing wrong with that. But instead, having no due dates and having this just be a list. But it's more because it's individual tasks. It's easier to kind of for my brain to process it. Whereas if it was an Apple note or a Google doc or something, it would be harder for me to parse. So this just is working for my brain. I feel like that's that's what I was trying to say with like the task, like logging type thing of. I do have a page that is called Task Log that is actually where I I'm supposed to keep all of those loose tasks that aren't really assigned to anything or that I don't need to worry about. And just like, oh, I will get to them when I get to them. Yeah. Yeah, that page is empty. So I mean, again, yeah, I'm glad that you have you mentioned that. I think that's a title there of like I've just come to accept. Yeah, this is the come to accept version of our systems check. So I see now I feel like I feel like I've already talked about this. No, it's fine, though, because this is specifically about note taking, which is different than our previous conversation. Kathy, how you note take how has that changed? Is anything new fun there? Not really. I'm just going to reemphasize the fact that I use a different notebook in notability for each project and I color code different colors so I can see when it's a different day. So, for example, I had in between the first part of this recording and where we're recording now because time I had a unicorn herd meeting and I wrote my notes in that in the dark blue color and our previous meeting was in purple. So now I can scroll through and know when the day has changed and my notes are there. So it's easy to review if I'm checking on anything. And I use that for all of my client meetings, any meetings that I have live in notability. On my iPad mini, I like mini iPad. I'm not forget iPad mini, I think it's what's called. Yeah, I think. Yeah. Yeah, no, I like the idea of notability, and I think I've attempted to do things like that with what's the other one that everyone loves. Good notes. Yeah. And I've I've jumped back and forth between them and all that stuff. But yeah, the big difference. I mean, I will state this. The big difference is notability is infinity pages. And good notes is functionally a notebook. And so you flip, you have to flip pages. So it depends on how your brain works to determine which is the better app. They're both great. They both have a lot of the same features. They both work really well with the Apple Pencil. Like all of these things are the same. The the main difference is how you want the function of pages to work. And good notes is great if you want to live in a digital planner world. There are so many templates out there for planner structure, including like backlinks, and you can go change months and do to do like all of these different things. But it's very much in the structure of a page. Whereas notability looks at the notebook as a whole. And it's easier to just write, take notes however long you need to. Gotcha. So my note taking is, like I said earlier, is still a little broken. Drafts is where most things in tech start. It's where the, you know, blog posts, video ideas, content, all of it, like this whole idea of like the different sections, I was able to pull them out because I started writing stuff in in drafts and was just trying to, you know, fiddle with it and make it work, I guess. I don't ever see that changing unless, you know, Agile Tortoise, AKA Greg Pierce, decides like I'm done with drafts at some point, which is is weird because like I've been using drafts for as long as I can remember at this point. And it's like it's just it is a constant. And I understand that there's so much power in it. And I am trying to unlock a little bit more of that power. There have been some new features lately that are like you can do things like status tagging and stuff like that, where there can only be one tag of that type. And if you add another one, it changes the existing one and all this other stuff. And it's like custom workspaces and focus filters and all this stuff. And it sounds so promising. And then when I try to implement it, I'm like, I feel like I'm I'm not using drafts the way that my brain wants to use it. And the overall result of this is that I feel like I'm making a little to nothing. And that has been such a. Difficult space to be in. I had this moment where my the keynote that I did, where I was gone and, you know, Kathy brought in the amazing panda to to come in and take, you know, fill in for me and stuff. And my the video for that is out now, which is great. And if if you're into community stuff, I'll add a link to it in the show notes. But the I shared it with my boss. And like in our next meeting, my boss was like, I just want to mention how good that was. That's amazing. And I pause a little bit there because I was like, what was the difference? Like I've had I had two really big wins. I mean, one, you know, I guess one another win is like getting the job in the first place. Right. But then writing this blog post that I wrote in that blog post went bananas bonkers like it was absolutely like the most viral thing I have created in my life, which is amazing. And then this keynote that I did, which was my first time giving a keynote. And I was I was very much like, how do I how do I I do that? And a lot of that was just time. It was time and organization. Like if I look at the blog post, it was me interviewing seven people, me turning that those interviews into a blog post and then making over a hundred edits to that or sorry, over 50 edits and having over like a hundred different messages in a conversation over the course of three weeks to make that the best product that I could make. And this keynote, working with someone else for three, four months, three or four months, having a long list of notes and plans and building like six versions of the actual thing and going back and forth and working on it. And it wasn't like I mean, yes, the whole presentation was great. But my boss specifically stated that my portion of it was what was. Really good. And again, not to take away from my my co-keynoter, because she was absolutely amazing, too. But it was it was kind of like this moment of. There was a sense of preparedness that came with that, that only came because of the notes were there. The notes were well collected in my interviews. I had them recorded, I had them transcribed. I was able to go through them and pull things and and really craft this well thought of idea. And this is the these are the only two examples of that that I have. And it has since frozen me from really trying to put out anything of substance, anything of quality like I'm making other than consulate, of course. Do you? Well, of course, this is clearly the highest level of quality ever. I saved my best work for every other Tuesday. Yes, I appreciate it. So is your block right now? Or block right now? Is it because you think that you have peaked? No, not at all. I OK. I I think that I've plateaued in some ways. Because you have these two amazing things. Yeah. And your boss only commented on the newest thing. I don't I don't put too much pressure on them. I I I realize this came off very attacking. And I just want to to step back and take a moment that first off your boss. Is he a writer at all? No. OK. So coming from myself, who is not a writer either, but I know how much work can go into like blog posts and writing and that sort of thing. Seeing a keynote with that information is going to translate as deeper, harder, more difficult work than a blog post. So also, do we know if he even read the blog post? Yeah, he was one of the people that were in those comments. OK, cool. Yeah. And it's not it's not that like it wasn't that like, oh, viral blog post little little, you know, response from my team. No, everyone knows they're like, I wish I could put more people on the byline. Everyone knows they're like, no, that went well. Like there are people outside of the company that were just like, wow, I'm really amazed at this. It's it's more of this idea of in my head, it was I know I have the potential to do more things like this. But the only reason I was able to do those things the way that I did them was that there were other people that caused me to slow down and add these these very like non artificial barriers. Like I could only interview people when I could interview them. And there was also the part of, hey, I'm traveling. So it's like I need to make sure nothing gets lost in the process. So let me record these interviews and do the transcriptions and have all this stuff that I can go back to having my my co-keynoter with me. That process, we are very two differently minded people in that, you know, for them, having presentation notes are super important. And every single slide had like a paragraph there of all the different things to talk about. And I am very much like I will roll with it with all of the blind confidence possible. But because we had reviewed it so many times, I was able to do that knowing what the content was. But also just the the level of detail in there, like to have a conversation that talks about like this link to water and like communities for me to actually go and find little fun facts about little aquatic animals that are just amazing and adorable and be able to have to sprinkle them in from time to time and talk about a very difficult subject and not a lighthearted way to like minimize it, but to make it palatable was like it was this thing that a lot of people try to do. And I haven't seen it done very well. But that was a moment where everyone said you were able to do this. You were able to talk about a really hard topic and keep us engaged and lighten the mood when it needed to be lightened a little bit, but keep us focused on how serious of a problem that this thing is. And to me, I feel like that was such a huge success that now when I make a thing, it's like I'm I'm thinking about all of that stuff where all of that stuff doesn't necessarily fit. Like, I don't I don't need to be thinking about things that hard when it comes to making a YouTube short. Right. It's like just just make the YouTube short. It's fine. Or when I'm making a five minute video, it's like I could I could do all of that thought. But the return on investment is definitely not there. Are you concerned about not being able to put this much time into everything that you do? I I'm concerned that the big success or at least I attribute the biggest success to the ability to have really well documented notes. And I think that that is something that can carry over into smaller projects. But I'm really bad at doing them. And the only reason I was able to do them the first few times was that I was kind of forced to because I was working with other people. And I mean, this is this is very much a thing that I felt like I had in school, like a problem. The same problem I had in school was like I took bad notes because I knew I wasn't going to look at them anyway, because I was terrible at studying. I either knew the information or I didn't. But I will acknowledge that when I was forced to take good notes and I was forced to review those notes, I did better. But there was nothing that was forcing me to do that. So therefore, I can't and to try to impose those same limitations on smaller projects just doesn't make sense because it doesn't fit those types of projects. Right. That's that's where I'm so broken on this idea of how do I take notes for the type of content that I'm hoping to make? How do I take notes on what, you know, the five minute recording that will become the one minute YouTube short, the 30 minute recording that will become the 10 minute YouTube video or the, you know, hour long podcast that we record. And I mean, even like this, I took notes and I'm able to kind of stay on topic and kind of bring up the things that I want to bring up because I took the notes, because I got the header from the notes to come up with the topics and all those things. And I knew I had to write the blog post. So the notes just became the blog post. So it was like, I'm seeing it work successfully, but I'm not. I don't understand how to put it into practice for all the things. OK, I think the concern right now that I'm seeing this block that you have might be because you're trying to have an like optimal solution for everything instead of trying to see what works best for your brain. Yeah. And not letting your pressure, your brain, don't let your brain set you down and say you can only succeed if you spend hundreds of hours on notes. That's not that that's not that's not going to work. So don't do that. And I even tweeted about this earlier of this. I mean, when in doubt, look to Adventure Time, because it's just an amazing show. But one of the best memes that ever came out of that show is sucking at something is the first step to becoming sort of good at something. And I am 100 percent in the space now, and I'm sure my connection will jump into this. I have to just do the thing poorly. Yeah, because otherwise I will not do the thing at all. And only through doing the thing poorly, knowing that I did the thing poorly, will I be able to get over the the the yips for those that are in that know baseball. That'll be the only way that I'm able to get past this this block that I have where I'm like, I don't know if I'm good enough, because it's like, no, I know that I'm good enough. I just don't I don't know how to do all the things. And the only way that I can learn how to do all the things is by doing all the things. And I'm not saying all the things specifically. But, you know, OK, like do one of the things first. Yeah. Yeah. Well, do the things that I need to be doing. And it's like, yes, don't be afraid to do them poorly. Yes. Yes. But not like Elon Musk. I mean, don't do them with 45 billion dollars. I think that's a yes, that's true. That's definitely true. I mean, I could have told them that. That's right. That's easy. I'm not a financial planner, but you said you said, would it be no? Yeah. All right. So our final little subtopic here, I want to talk about routines mainly because I have completely re done my morning routine and I'm slowly changing what I do at night. So I wanted to talk to you first and have you tell me what routines you have in your life, big or small. And and how how is that working? Is there something that you would like to adjust or change or or what? I think that this is something that is very, very new. And this is actually going to be a connection, but I think I have a different one. Wink. Spoiler alert for behind the scenes. We already recorded the end this show because of reasons. Yeah. Reasons being Jay. And then Kathy. So like, it's not all on Jay. We'll blame Jay. So feel free to blame Jay. But also it was me, too. So it's it's a thing. It doesn't matter. Anyways, continue. Yeah. The the connection that was was based on I did a art. We played the game of life yesterday. I'm not I'm not the biggest fan of the game of life, but we played the game of life. You played a game together. That's we played a game together. Yes. The family got together and did a thing which was great. And I am. Happy in that we are able to to do that, and I wish that that was the thing that we did more. That that is a thing that I will say, I want to become a routine. It has not become a routine, but I would like for it to become a routine. And that is something that I am trying to figure out. I'm trying to understand, like, how do I protect? I can protect the time to record this show. Asterisk. Yeah, I can protect the time to do other things. How do I also protect time to spend with family? So it's not a routine yet because we've only done it for one day. But I really as much as I don't enjoy that board game, I enjoyed the idea of sitting down with my family and doing a thing together like a board game tomorrow. My daughter and I have a plan to paint together. So we're going to paint together. And I want to. I don't even want to call it a route. Well, I guess, yeah, it is a routine. Like, I want to say that, like, I want to start putting some of those routines into place. And I will also mention that Thanksgiving week was a terror to all of my other routines because, like, I did a whole show and didn't put it out. And now the content that the show was based on is way outdated. So it would benefit. Nobody put that show out. And it was like, oh, did all this work, spent all this time, got nothing to show for it. So now it's it's there's this like feeling of, oh, I I need to I need to figure it out. Yeah, yeah, I get that. I get that along those same lines. I have been working on trying to figure out my life. For some reason, I decided to try this the week before Thanksgiving or the week of Thanksgiving. I think my brain was like, OK, I know chaos is coming. Let me try and see how this type of a routine works with that chaos. That makes sense. So I normally during the week, Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday, in order to make sure my kiddo wakes up in time, I had been setting my alarm for six o'clock. I started setting it for five forty five instead, and then I have three timers that go off or I set an alarm. I talked to I say, hey, dingus, set alarm for five minutes after my five forty five alarm goes off. And I spend that first five minutes just laying in bed, breathing, just centering myself, whatever we thought you want, just kind of as a transition from sleeping to I'm working towards waiting. And then I have another five minutes where I kind of think about what my plan for the day is, what appointments I know, because, of course, I've done my like weekly planning on Sunday. So I know what's on the calendar. And also, when I go to bed, I look to see what's coming the next day. So I just kind of mentally. So I just kind of take five minutes to sit and kind of a visualization, kind of not just kind of, OK, this is what I'm going to do. And then that last five minutes before six, I am doing my jaw exercises, which, if you remember, I went and I was at the physical therapist for a while for my jaw to try and get it to be working. And I discovered that I just wasn't doing the stuff. So here's five minutes before I start the day. I can lay in bed and my eyes are closed. I can still kind of be resting, but I'm going to do just my little head nods, my little jaw movements, whatever. And at that point, it's six o'clock. It's time to go. So I go wake up the kid, contacts, toothbrush, get put some sort of clothing on, feed the dogs, start the coffee, like all of that. Cooking stuff like ready housing stuff before I even step foot in my office. To then sit and I do a little bit of journaling a little bit of brain dumping, but I've already mentally prepped for what I'm going to do while I was already in bed. So I'm ready to go without having to have this hour long process of getting ready for work, which there's nothing wrong with that if that is how your brain wants you to work. But I was trying things out that were too much. That was making me feel like I wasn't getting enough work done. And I started getting anxious about that. Yeah. I. I don't know. I I have lately, again, my my little paralysis in content creation has. Got me wanting to to do something different, whatever, whatever it will take to to snap it. Again, what's the secret code to solve this problem? And I feel like that's that's just the thing that we're constantly chasing in life. And I'm glad that you're also on the chase. That way, I don't feel alone. But also, I I am sad because you're also on the chase. So I know it's like, oh, let's let's just figure this out together, I guess. Right. Well, and I think it's I think it's safe to remember that. So so part part of my problem or something. I don't know if it's a problem. What either way, part of the thing that I do is I watch a lot of YouTube videos and a lot of them will do things like a monthly reset where they review things for the month and then they set their plans and their budget for the next month and that sort of thing. And ideally, that sounds great. But realistically, my life doesn't live in month chunks. Like, maybe I could do a weekly reset, which might work, but like. I don't I don't know. I don't know, but I like the idea of of, you know, I've done a lot of planner videos, like I've watched a ton of this type of content, and it's helpful to remember that even content creators that this is not necessarily their job to produce this content, but they're using the content as a way to facilitate, you know, working, I guess, like doing their day to day. They make changes. There is nobody that is sitting and doing things the exact same way that they've done it for the last 10 years. And if they are, that's probably not healthy. Yeah, I mean, that's that is something that I'm so glad that we're like you and I. And I talked about this on another project with a friend of ours. Their name is Alex, Alex something. And something. Yeah. And and I talked about the the fact that in in when it comes to conduit, we can be friends and colleagues. Yes. And distinguish the difference between that. And the thing that I probably hate more than anything is when business owners are like, we're a big family. It's like, no, we're not. Because I have such an easy time lying to my family because I don't want to hurt their feelings, where to my colleagues, I can be super critical and just be like, we can't do this because of this reason. And the thing that I think that makes conduit so good is that we both realize when things have to change in some way and we've been able to change them. Yes. But we've also had the ability to be, I don't want to say blunt, but to be critical of how we make those changes in a way that it prevents us from doing too much or or or making changes just for the sake of making a change. Exactly. So I I love that, you know, we we can both look at this of like things have to change. We have to figure something out in this routine and we have to do it. But we're not going to do a thing because someone else said, oh, you should totally do that thing. And it worked for me. Maybe it'll work for you. It's like, no, we're going to make the changes that we see working for us. Right. And there it's just or or trying, trying something to see if it work like because someone, you know, these ideas come to us from however they come to us and having this idea of, oh, this person did this idea. Let me try it. And being OK at realizing this is not the way that I need to go forward. Exactly. So, yeah, I mean, part of my routine is trying new things, I guess. And I will definitely going to to be doing that probably with our new connection. All right. It's time for our new connections. Jay, what is your new connection? Well, hopefully, as I have explained really well during this process, a lot of my thoughts around my system and themes are for creating more content. I've put myself in a position to where I feel paralyzed. And I really where I feel like I'm stuck in not being able to make the content that I want to make. And I just need to make things at this point. I have no more conferences for the rest of the year. I have no excuse not to just make stuff for the sake of making it. I've really fallen in love with like making YouTube shorts. I know they're like TikToks, but I uninstall TikTok from my phone because it was a bad habit for me. YouTube shorts are the same feeling, but not the TikTokiness about it. And I want to do that. I want to make something. So I'm going to say that my connection is to make one YouTube short for myself and not for a podcast. By the next conduit. Excellent. So I am going to I've realized that there is a dearth of automations that could live more in my house and in my life. And in order to appropriately impact my morning routine, I am going to work with my buddies and friends to figure out a way to automate the interactions and morning routine pieces, specifically my wake up moment timing. Thing which makes complete sense, because this definitely was recorded at the same time that we talked about our routines and not confusing to anyone that's listening to it live. But anyways, let's hear about our conductors connections. Dave, our train enthusiast of the show, Railsie, there his new connection is as we enter system season, now feels like a good time to think about writing stuff down. I hate the idea of simple errors when I journal and just jumping into things. So for the next conduit, I am going to find my Apple pencil and just find a way to ask myself some questions. How many and how often is for another time? Maybe those are the first questions to ask our all of the show. Kate says, continue the job research and get Christmas presents for parents, because Christmas is close now. Help. Yes. Also help. Yes. Our blue dragon of the show's next connection is once again, survive final exams, which are next week. Oh, my gosh. So soon. It was just it was just yesterday where you were coming back to school. I know they grow up so fast. I know. Also, this next one is a new conductor. And I gave them an of the show name, which made sense to my brain. But if you want a different one, let us know. Our shark of the show done done. Chris says next connection, I don't have a check, but my goal for the fortnight is to be able to run five kilometers without stopping, walking or passing out. And yeah, I I used to be able to do this. I'm not able to do this now. You definitely can do it. And I wish you the best of luck with it. Absolutely. All right. Our panda of the show, his next connection is to take a break. An actual break. Yay. Start thinking about Christmas. But I also think about Peacock's 30th anniversary, which is next month. And I should really mark the occasion somehow while also taking a break. All right. We're going to talk about this. Conduit dice, conduit dice, conduit dice. Stop it, Jay. Stop it. Stop it. But continue on. Conduit dice. Our nameless of the show, Robert, says new connection, get boxes into the new house. Finally, it seems that after delays or after delay, after delay, it should be really time to live in our house. Yay. Prepare myself for promotion. Yes, that is awesome. Yeah. I should be starting the new role by next conduit. Thank you for using conduit in the appropriate way. This will be a remote position and will require a major change in systems, though it is a much welcome change. Any work from home desk recommendations are welcome, as I'm not really used to my home workstation in over a year. Robert, DM me. I'm not going to tell you to DM Kathy because she has not said that is OK. But DM me and you can message Kathy and ask if that's OK. Both of us have been at least working from home for the past few years. Kathy, much longer than I have. If anything, we can tell you what doesn't work. So yes, and we wish you the best of luck and congratulations on both of those. Yes. And for the record in discord, I have the DM open role. So feel free to DM our pathologist of the show's new connection is miss posting my connection last week because of business and overwhelm. But I got through all of the life events and trips in one piece. We like that very much. The next two weeks, I have a brief pause before the journal before. I have a brief pause before the travel picks up again. I'd like to spend actual quality time journaling every day and try to get at least six and a half, preferably seven hours of sleep a night gearing up for my 2023 theme. Excellent. Good luck sleeping. And our oracle of the show, so says writing, writing, writing. I need to finish one article, one journal article and start another one. I'm going to try scheduling an hour a day of writing time. Wish me luck. I do. I wish you the best of luck. So much luck. So much luck. And if you would like to submit a connection, you can do so on Twitter by tweeting at conduit FM using the hashtag my conduit or hang out in the relay FM discord with question mark, my conduit anywhere in the discord or more specifically, visit the show follow up channel and start your connection, comment with the conduit logo. And that will populate into our spreadsheet. Visit relay dot FM slash conduit to become a member today. Or you can visit give us your flipping money dot com. Also, make sure to visit you can wear it dot com to see all of our merch. Thank you to hover for sponsoring this week's episode. Hey, Jay, did we do it? We definitely conded it.