---
description: "Stop and Start.\r\nMore and Less.\r\nEnds and Beginnings.\r\n\r\nThe
  end of the year is here so Jay and Kathy are working on what to end and what to
  begin when coming into 2023. Also, is Kathy ending Jay’s tenure on the show?!"
pub_date: December 29th, 2022
title: '39: Self Care Isn''t Selfish'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/39
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we can do our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that has a beginning and an end, but never really finishes. This episode is brought to you by Hover. I'm Kathy and I am here with my co-host for the last time, Jay. Okay, see, if I put in a pause, people would like freak out and be like, ah, what's happening? You'll find out in the shout outs why I introduced it. Introduced it? That's a word. Introduced him the way that I did. But first, Jay, what's your shout out? My shout out is to the wonderful James Panda of the show, Pcalc Thompson, which I think is his legal middle name. Yeah, I've seen the proof. Yeah. Happy 30th anniversary to Pcalc. As I mentioned in the pre-chat, which if you're not a member, what are you doing? Become a member today at giveusyourflippinmoney.com. I was very late to the Pcalc party because I was one of those people that were like, ah, money for apps, meh. Then afterwards I was like, oh, actually no, developers are awesome and we should support them and by giving them our flipping money, it really does help. What I have come to learn is not only is Pcalc one of my favorite apps and is on all of my devices, it also opened the door to the other greats like Dice by Pcalc, which if you are asked nicely, there can be conduit dice on there, which is amazing. What you learn is that developers who care not just about their products, but about the communities that use their products and things like that should be heavily invested in because it's not every day when you find that. So again, I know a couple of other shows have given the shout out, but I also wanted to give the shout out. Happy anniversary, James. I know you've had a wonderful and amazing app developer career and I'm looking forward to all the things happening in the future, including the breaks that you will be taking. Take more breaks. OK, that's it for me. Excellent. So now for the reason you've all joined me today. Last week, Jay and I participated in the fantastic random pursuit hosted by Erica Ensign over on the Incomparable Network. And unfortunately, it is with sadness that I have to announce that this is Jay's final co-host thing because I'm disowning him and will no longer speak to him after this episode. Because he lives very close to Disneyland and not only has never been, does not want to go. That is technically inaccurate. That is technically inaccurate. Well, that's what I remember because I was traumatized. I went to Disneyland when I was a child. My family flew from Tennessee to California to go to Disneyland. And I think I was like five, but I vividly remember telling my dad, this place is trash. And Disney World is superior. But even then, Disney as a brand and an entity are just one of the worst. And I know that I've got like I feel David sparks like my phone's going to ring in a couple of minutes. Be like, hey, is everything OK? But shout out to our chat, which is just like going off right now. It's like, wait, what? But she said, OK, OK, will you join us in Disneyland when we come down with my kids dance studio to perform in Disneyland? Oh, yeah, absolutely. OK, of course. But it's it has nothing to do with my feelings for the company that made most of their money appropriating other cultures, children's stories. It's true. Like I just have a personal issue with that. And also, for those that want to know, Miyazaki did do it better. OK, that's that's that's me. That's where I'm at. I'm I'm definitely here for all the smoke. Bring it. Oh, my gosh. OK, so if you don't know and you're listening to this not live, we record this show fortnightly on Tuesday, starting at 10 a.m. Pacific Time. Do your math using else when if you would like, which is a great app done by another community of developers that are deeply involved in the community and the things that they say. But that being said, because we record it live, you can hang out in the discord and chat with us while we are recording, which sometimes is not great because it makes us laugh hysterically when someone says something really funny like James P. Kelk Thompson, who says, wow, people are going to judge P. Kelk more harshly because it was praised by the Disney are trash guy. So, yeah, yeah, it's it's accurate. Oh, man. Again, just canceling myself on like, you know, I've stayed on Twitter. I didn't join everybody on mastodon. I just have all the bad takes. All of the bad takes. Yeah, I am. Oh, you know what isn't a bad take? By my opinions on Disney, I stand by these. No, no. Here I was offering you a segue on a platter and you just and I doubled down. You doubled down on the wrong thing. It's fine. However, we love all of the relay FM switch on members, but especially the ones that are in our discord. It's a great community that lets you meet other like minded fans of the network. We also record this show live, like I said before, and you can hang out with us at all times. Wow, James, you are on fire right now. I'm sorry, Javier. Feel free to cut the part that I already mentioned about recording the show live because I am going to sound smarter than that. If you would like to join us and hang out while we record live or just in between shows or or you can listen to other shows live as well. It's not just conduit, but conduit is your favorite, right? Right. Yeah. Yeah. It's totally your favorite. But if you want to join us and support Jay and I directly, you can become a member at Give Us Your Flipping Money dot com. Another way to support us is by visiting you can wear it dot com and check out our merch options. We have stickers and a variety of great clothes. And I am also excited to finally make my order for my own conduit hoodie and shirts and all of the goodies that I'm excited to get in the mail. Oh, me too. Me too. Hold on. Wait, which one are you getting, though? So definitely. OK, so I think I need to get two different hoodies. I need to get the zip up with the conduit logo. On the side. And then I want to get the pullover hoodie with the conductor. Big one in the middle, because I think that is really cool and cozy. And then probably a tank top because I do love tank tops, but I don't love Cotton Bureau's tank tops. But I think if I size it correctly, it might work OK. And then probably a T-shirt, too, because I love our logo and our artwork so much. Yeah. Oh, they have a forest green one. Yes, they do. So many good options. You helped me pick them. I know. I know. I know. Peek behind the curtain. The colors. We chose all the great colors, including the purple, which is my absolute favorite. And that is definitely the T-shirt I'm going to get. Yes. 100 percent. The purple. So good. Purple rush with the conduit logo. Oh, chef's kiss. Man, I would I would rather go to Cotton Bureau and give them my money than go to a certain mouse bureau and give them a dime. Wow. Wow. That's fine. Anyways, moving on, it's time for our connection check. Zap. Perfect. Jay, how'd you do? Yeah. So my connection check was to limit myself to 12 hour days because my family wasn't going to be in town. And when was it say when the parents are away, the children will play. Yeah, I spent so much time on my computer. I got a lot of you working the whole time. Yes. Not on. But it was it was personal work. So I don't know if that helps. But I definitely worked way more. There were like a couple of nights where it was like one in the morning and I was like, oh, I messed up. I messed up. I messed up. Oh, dang it, Jay. Yeah. Sorry, I didn't like check in with you more. I definitely should have done that. So my connection is a green check mark. And I have picked my yearly theme for the next year. And I wrote a whole journal entry about it. My yearly theme this year is going to be the Year of Balance. And it's not just so not just like work life balance, but I'm also working on balance in my body, a.k.a. being able to like work on my core and like concentrate on that. Balancing my finances, because I have definitely been like sticking my head in the sand and just kind of like not like, OK, it's all fine, but not really understanding it. Balancing my business, being able to do more as an owner and less as a worker and balance in my friends group and able to spend more time and enjoy time with friends and family. So that is what's coming up with the Year of Balance. I'm glad you mentioned all of the other balances, because I did ask you. I did. I was going to ask you if you were going to record episodes of Conduit with a book on your head just to make sure that you were practicing proper posture and making sure that you were working on your personal balance. But it sounds like you are. So I'm looking forward to all of the Instagram just getting ready for Conduit as she picks up like Ayn Rand. Oh, you think I have that? No. I mean, isn't that what that book is good for? Or like holding up a table, maybe. I will definitely work on taking a picture. I'll have to do it without my headphones, though, because obviously the unicorn horn makes it really difficult to balance a book on my head while wearing my headphones. But that's OK. I'll figure it out and I'll take a picture for you. And with that, shall we head over to our conductor connections? I think so, because I'm excited. I'm excited. We have new conductors, which are is amazing. That that being said, we won't find out much about them until the end of the show, but we do have one that doesn't have a name yet. We're just going to call them Dan. Hi, Dan. Which is their name, which is their name, to be fair. They don't have an of the show, but we are excited to learn what their of the show will be. Yes. So Dan said, I finished my annual review this afternoon. Five thousand words deep. Wow. Wow. But a better understanding of my priorities and approach to 2023, which Dan has named the year of vitality, which is. Hmm. That's five thousand words. That's that's a lot. That's a that's a big review. That is that's actually one of the things that I thought about doing was my own kind of end of the year review. I would like to give myself a performance review at some point, but I'm afraid that my grade of last year absolutely crushing it probably won't hold up. But who knows? We'll see. Well, but see, crushing it is going to look different every year. And even if you may not be where you feel yourself is as like successful with it, I think being able to recognize what made you happy and not happy that year could be really helpful. Well, let's not spoil the rest of the show, Kathy. OK, fine. We'll just move on. Fine. Instead, I'm going to say Debo, our soprano of the show, connection check, green check, got my software released out a day early and was able to relax a little bit. Oh, that's amazing. Getting it done, getting anything done early, I feel like is really helpful to then move on to the celebration and the relax after a project. Absolutely. Our shark of the show, Chris, says green checkmark, I have finalized my theme for twenty twenty three. I'm calling it the year of the parabola. I have a parabola. I have identified some parts and themes from the past and focusing on those new on those few things instead of trying to change too many things at once. Nice. That sounds awesome. That's really good. It's really good. Our panda of the show has a green checkmark, too. Against all odds, I have actually taken a break for the last two weeks. Aside from hosting Connected and promoting the PCALC 30th anniversary anyway, but both of them went OK and I feel suitably relaxed. So proud of you, James. I know that this has been a long journey for you and I'm very excited to see you continue to relax. But that's for a future connection that we are not reading right now. And then our train enthusiast of the show, Railsie, says Green Circle, the visit was lovely. The holiday break is here and I've been doing some fun side projects and relaxing. All it says all is good. I'm going to say, don't you mean all as well? But now I'm just getting all and everyone in trouble. By everyone, I mean just me. Yeah, yeah. You're going to be canceled in so many ways. It's all good. How about that? It's all good. One last connection check for this episode. We have a green checkmark boxes on boxes on boxes from the nameless of the show, Robert. We are now moved into the house completely. No more things at parents houses. Christmas gifts were wrapped and unwrapped. That sounds so amazing. I can't. Moving at Christmas time is never fun. I mean, moving period is not fun. But being able to having to do it at Christmas is really, really difficult. So congratulations on getting there. All right. And now it's time for our sponsor. Have you ever thought about starting your own business? Yes. Creating a brand, sharing your wealth of knowledge with the world. Yes. Using your years of experience to create something for yourself. I think so. Yes. However, wants to help you take the first step in getting your ideas off the ground. If you have a brand that you've always dreamt of building or a business you want to take online. The first step is finding your domain name. However, makes this super simple with a clear and straightforward user experience, easy to use tools and truly amazing support from friendly humans. It's never too late to step up to the plate and share what you have to offer. Getting online has helped thousands of people around the world reach new heights with their business. Kathy, I wanted I wanted to share a game idea that I came with over came up with over the holiday because I know we have developer friends that listen and if they want to take this idea, I'm OK with that as long as they go to hover.com and register the domain and use our offer code, which I do believe is conduit. But I guess it's over dot com slash conduit. But anyway, here's my idea. So, yes, we've had so many games that focus on using some of the natural components of the phone. And what app has been on the phone since I think like almost like since day one. That is the compass. Now, oh, I would love a game called It's That Way. And the whole goal of the game is to find landmarks around the world, a bunch of different landmarks all over the world and have you guess using the compass how like what direction it is. And it's a game that you're supposed to be able to play with multiple friends and be able to see who was the closest in pointing out, oh, the Eiffel Tower. It's that way. And seeing who can win amongst all their friends. So, yes, if anybody wants to make this game hover.com slash conduit, I need you to refer you need to like purchase. It's that way dot app or something like that. And then also just make sure you throw my name at the bottom saying that it was my idea. And then shout out conduit. Just so you know, it's that way dot com is available. And I am not going to buy it on hover dot com because I am not going to add another thing to my plate. But I love using hover dot com to find the best option for a domain name, because not only does it tell you if that is available or not, but it will also give you other suggestions for domain names that use the words that you want it to do, including like different the ending part. I don't know what that's called instead of dot com if you want to do something else. But it also has suggestions for like the first part of the domain, which is I'm going to give you the first five options and the suggestions for it's that way. It's that street dot com. We've got best. It's that way dot com. It's that way blog dot com. It's this street dot com. And it's dash that dash way dot com. Some of the greatest options that you could ever get. So please make sure to, you know, if you scoop up, it's that way dot com, make sure to get the other variations because you know, it's going to be super popular and you need to get all of the domains from hover dot com. In addition to the classics like dot com, you can get extensions like dot shop. Tech and dot art. And with over 400 more to choose from, you'll be able to find the perfect domain name for your business when that's memorable, relevant and boost your brand. You can buy a domain, set up custom email boxes and put it to your website in just a few clicks. If you ever run into trouble, help is just a phone call or chat away. Secure, simple and reliable. Hover is a trusted and popular choice among millions of people launching any kind of brand or business. If you're ready to get your idea off the ground with the perfect domain name, head to hover dot com slash conduit to get 10 percent off your first hover purchase. That's hover dot com slash conduit to get 10 percent off. Our thanks to hover for their support of this show and all of Relay FM. Thanks. OK, Jay, so anyone that's listened to the show knows that you don't really do themes or, uh, I almost said yearly registrations. That is not I do those. Those are required by law. And the conduit has a very strict don't do crimes policy. So, yes, very strict, very strict. No, New Year's resolutions is what I was going to say. And so when trying to figure out what to do for this episode, since it will come out very close to New Year's Eve. And as we all know, that is the time that everyone decides to make big predictions and hopes and goals. But aren't that isn't really the healthiest way to do it instead. There's other other ways. But we wanted to kind of talk about ends and beginnings. Yeah. So it's definitely. And I guess for those that haven't gone back and listened to some of the earliest episodes where I mentioned my not dislike, I don't I'm kind of indifferent towards like you only dislike Disney. Yeah, I only dis I only dis Disney. Like that's it. But I knowing myself, I struggle with keeping up with things for any extended period of time, which is why the idea of having connections every fortnight is great because it kind of encourages me to kind of flex and exercise that muscle a little bit. But yeah, I have I've never really been one to do resolutions or yearly themes or like I don't even have goals like people have like to have five year goals like to be good, I guess, like to not to not be in a worse position than I am now. That's that is my goal. So, yeah, but I do like to take stock. I do like to kind of recount the year. And what was interesting is as we even before this, I I've been using my plotter journal for almost the entirety of Conduit. And I recently got a organizer. We talked about this on our last systems check episode that, you know, you're supposed to put these these pages in once you're done to keep your notebook kind of light and not cluttered. That thing is full. So like I have like the entire timeline for what I've been doing since Conduit started effectively in like this this binder like thing, which is amazing. And as I was like going through some of that stuff, I I was like, wow, there's a lot of things that as I start the next binder, I would like to be different. So I don't want to make goals. I don't like any settings. But I do want to say like as as that binder ends and a new one begins, I want to think about what I'm doing in my life that I'm going to end and maybe what I might begin doing. Yeah, I think that that can be really helpful. I know a lot of times people at the end of the year when they're doing like a review and reset type thing will do either like a more and less list, do more of do less of or a start and stop things that they want to start things that they want to stop. Different, you know, it comes down to different like names and purposes and ways. But I think ultimately it comes down to figuring out what you are actively doing right now or what you are not doing and taking stock of where you are at. A lot of times it can be difficult to kind of look at where you're at and what you're doing and turn that around and like acknowledge that, maybe putting it into words or into like sections and what what that means instead of like an ethereal like thought that just kind of is like, oh, I probably should totally cut down on the amount of coffee I drink, but not really like putting anything down in writing or specific like planning for it. And I think being able to sit down and, you know, be honest with yourself and not be performative and being able to really decide what what will make you happier or better at something or be a better human or whatever. I think being able to I mean, you can do this anytime, but it almost is easier at the end of the year because everyone else is doing it. Everyone's talking about it. All of the YouTube channels and on Instagram and TikTok and whatever, people will talk about resetting and reviewing and just recognizing and acknowledging the year that you're ending and how to get ready for the year to come. And I think that's really healthy to be able to take that time and figure that out. Yeah. So do you have an ending that there are some things some things that you want to end? Yeah, I definitely want to end. No, stop. I'm going to use stop because I think that works better grammatically in this sentence. I mean, we we let all is good pass. That's true. That's true. You know, yeah, we're we're going to it's fine. We're not the grammar police. I'm going to end hiding my head in the sand when it comes to my like budget and finances, because for the last several years, I've kind of just been like, OK, here we go. And just letting it. Letting it flow, I guess, and not really being brave enough to sit and. Like. Understand and have a better like savings goal and stuff partially like this last year has just been a financial disaster, having to. You know, put down our dog after many, many thousands of dollars in medical bills was significant in and made a dent in our savings, which makes sense because that is what that emergency fund is for situations like this. But I've been hiding in the sand from building that back up. So I am making a concentrated effort to stop hiding my head in the sand and being more purposeful with my money. What about you, Jay? What are you ending? Oh, man, I'm trying to process like when I when I think about your year, I'm just like, I forgot a lot of the things that happened just in the whole. Wow. Oh, man, that's it's been. It's been a really, really difficult year for sure. We've had a lot of losses and it's been emotional. Yeah. For me, it's it's actually really weird because like in just what I'm ending, because this is going to be something that I'm going to struggle with a little bit. But I want to end. I want to end my nail biting habit. Oh, I have bitten my nails a lot in the years over the years. For those that have may have listened to some of the previous episodes, I've recently started going to salons and getting manicures. And my little pinky on my left hand always gets made fun of because there's no nail there. It's so tiny. It's starting to grow now, which is great. But I I've had nails for the first time in my life and I broke a nail for the first time. Like like I broke one of my natural nails because I had like a little piece hanging off and I went to like get rid of it and it like clipped over and I was like, no, which is like the worst thing ever. But I think it's been really interesting for me about like I have these nails. I want to protect them. I don't want to bite them. And, you know, the nail biting thing, people know it's not necessarily. Oh, it's just it's a bad habit or whatever. I mean, it is a bad habit, but it's often stress driven. It's often stress driven. It's often, you know, tied to so many things that I tend to ignore just in my life or I tend to over focus on. Like I'm doing one or one or the other too much or too little. And it comes back and just causes this weird stress, which then causes me to bite my nails. And so I when I say I want to stop biting my nails or I want to end biting my nails, what I really mean is I want to stop stressing about some of the things that I just I just I'm not going to be able to really do much with. I want to remind myself, you know, I work in tech. For those that don't know, tech's been having a lot of layoffs lately. And I can't prevent that from happening. So there's no point in me stressing about it. If I get laid off, I get laid off. Hopefully there's a small severance there and I can find another job. I found the first one, so maybe I can find the other ones. I really have to kind of change my mindset just a little bit in terms of how I handle situations that often cause me way more stress. And I'm working with my therapist. I'm going through cognitive behavioral therapy at the moment and doing a lot of things that will hopefully put me in a better position to to not hyper fixate on the things that are going to get me, you know, in my head and eventually have my nails looking terrible again. And also there's a nice incentive there that I can then go and get more manicures, which I'm a big fan of. Abs a frickin' lutely. I've now been getting my nails done, oh gosh, year and a half. Something like, yeah, about a year and a half. And it's one of my favorite things that I have done to take care of myself. And yeah, so I highly recommend manicures, nails, like any sort of pampering that makes you feel better. Two thumbs up from me. My mom has been a big advocate of me doing some of these things. And the thing that she always messages me and I want to share with y'all is that self-care isn't selfish. And that has been kind of my mindset as of late of like, I absolutely want to make sure that I'm reminding myself that self-care isn't selfish. And I think by doing that, by giving myself these reasons to be happy about, you know, the things that I'm doing and not stressing, you know, all the time, then maybe that'll help. Yeah, I agree. And along those same lines, what do you want to start doing this next year? So this next year is interesting. I'm sad because the thing that I actually want to focus on in my beginnings doesn't really actually begin until the middle or closer to the end of next year. Another fun fact about me is my youngest sister and I are 15 years apart. And that means that we didn't grow up together. But that also means that my sister is now an adult. And that is interesting. And I don't think I've mentioned this publicly, but my family and I are planning possibly to move and we're moving closer to be closer to some of my family members. My mom has some health concerns. I have some health concerns. My sister has some health concerns. And we want to be able to be supportive of one another. And I have, I've always been the person that's never been there. It's, I mean, part of it was my job, you know, when I was in the military, I was gone. Like that was my job was to not be there. And then when I got out of the military, I didn't really come back. I just, I stayed in California. I'd gotten married and I started a family, that whole thing. So there's a lot that still needs to happen and things could fail horribly. But I'm not biting my nails about it. And I am hoping that, you know, in the middle of the year, we're going to be heading back to where, you know, back to Georgia and celebrating my sister's graduation. And while we're out there, we're going to be aggressively house hunting to start the next stage of life, which is great because it's also around the same time that my daughter will be starting school. And, you know- Hold on, hold on, hold on. No, your daughter can't be that old. I'm sorry. Right? Right? Says the person who has a child that starts high school next year, but I'm sorry, but your kid is not allowed to go to school yet. Yes, exactly. So now it's this, it is very much this feeling of the next, like this is the beginning of what will hopefully be the next like 12 years or 13 years of, you know, my child's childhood, you know, into becoming an adult. My little sister's beginning of adulthood and hopefully the ability for us to now bond and me to be a big brother and kind of remind her that adulting is hard and that she doesn't have to do it alone. And then, you know, my mom has been a mom since she was a teenager and now she gets to be her own person for the first time since like being 18. So- Wow. I'm like, I'm just so excited for the beginnings of not just like my immediate family, but like my extended family. I feel like this is literally like, it's not even the next chapter. It's like the next part in a book. So I'm super excited for the beginning of that. Oh, that's amazing. Yeah, I love the idea of eventually you're not taking care of tiny humans anymore and who you are after that happens is important too. So often moms especially make their identity being a mom and it becomes difficult when you become an empty nester because you no longer have that identity and being able to figure out what you're doing with your life, even if you have, you know, something that entertains you or whatnot that you like to do when you're getting away, being able to like really concentrate on that I think is really uh difficult for a lot of people. And that actually works really well with kind of what I am hoping to start and that is taking more time for myself. So leaving the house more often to do things that I want to do. A lot of times I end up, you know, I never leave the house other than to take my kid to dance and come back. I haven't been going to the co-working space as much just because my schedule has been so full and I've been doing things. And I started the last couple weeks I would drop off my kid to assist class on Wednesdays and I would go over to the local bar that like a fancy bar across the street and I would go and, you know, I did my yearly review over there. I would do some reading. I did, you know, a variety of different things. It's only 45 minutes so it's not a whole lot of time. I have one drink and it's really like fun and frilly and, you know, a fancy drink. I have become obsessed with, they're called Italian mules and it's amaretto and vodka with the simple syrup and ginger beer with a lime on it in the copper cup thing and it's delightful and it's so good. And just kind of doing something for me where I'm not concentrating on anyone else, I'm not taking care of anybody else, I'm just taking care of myself is purposefully being really helpful. I love it. Again, I think the current theme, self-care isn't selfish. I think how we self-care is so, I mean, it's so unique. It's so personal. Because I'm a pen nerd, I had to explain, you know, you got a box for pens? Like what? Oh yeah, that was in the pre-show. People don't know. Yeah, so one of my Christmas gifts this year was a pen display case because as the pen daddy himself, Brad, has mentioned before, you really do slowly become a collector over time. And, you know, just explaining to people, you know, I buy fancy whiskies and fountain pens. It is much better than half of the other things that I could go out and spend my money on. But it very much is a self-care thing. The ability to just make time, you know, that's, I made this YouTube video about how I do rapid logging in a digital system, which I'm not going to spoil because that'll be something new for our systems check next quarter. But it also doesn't take away from the fact that I still manually log my day as well because that's me time. That's time where I'm not at my desk. I've started doing that at the end of the day of like, let's just recap what happened today. And kind of have that moment where I'm sitting there with a glass of whiskey and, you know, in just collecting and recollecting, you know, my thoughts and kind of remembering what did I do today? What did I not like? What would I like to do next? All of these things are great, but just the way that we can figure things out for ourselves and be like, you know what, dropping the kid off to do a thing. I'm going to go over here. I'm going to grab one of my favorite little drinks. And then just one, you know, we're going to be responsible. We don't do crimes here at Conduit. But from there, just continue to have happiness and work with each other and, you know, work on ourselves. And I think that that's so important. Yeah. Working on yourself is something that's so easy to put off and not concentrate on. And I think it's something that, I mean, it started to begin to be more talked about publicly and be shown as not selfish, but there's still definitely an underlayer foundational idea that doing something for yourself is selfish. And so I think, you know, 2023 can be the year of, you know, self-care almost in whatever way that means to you and in different ways, like trying something new can be self-care, you know, going to a different location or taking a walk at a different park, or, you know, there's so many ways that you can try something new. And I think you should you should try something new. So I would love to hear again, I know people have themes, they do their thing. That's cool. But yeah, I would love to hear what some folks are ending and beginning, or beginning, beginning. It's my turn to flub a word. Yay. Hooray. Unfortunately, you did it at the end of the show, so we can't use it as the topic. No, beginnings. New beginnings. Yeah, I would love to hear what people are ending and beginning in this new year. And even if you're not the person that buys into, you know, resolutions or themes or goals like me or whatever. But if that's not you, I think it's still good to take stock every once in a while. Your boss does a performance review on you there, hopefully every year. If they don't, then do them. That way you can do better and hopefully make more money and all those things. But I think it's important that we do them for ourselves as well. And there are a lot of great shows on Relay FM, Switch On, that do this. You probably know what they are, if you're listening to us. But I think that this time of year, a lot of folks already think about what they want to do better. But I think the challenge with that is that doing better often is blocked by the thing that you're holding on to. So maybe focus more on the, like, I'm going to let go of a couple of things. And then that makes room to do the new thing or to do one of the other things better. Yeah. And I think even letting go of just one thing can be really helpful. All right. So as always, we started with Chaos Energy and we hit emotional in the middle. And now we're going to get back into chaos. Maybe. I don't know. Let's see, Jay, what is your connection for the next Fortnite, for the next conduit? Excuse me. My connection is going to be to make a new video. Honestly, I am really liking the fact that every time I make a connection to make a video, I make a video. So I am going to continue this because one of the things that I'm when I'm ending is the over fixation of stuff. And we've been talking about this for a few weeks of me getting into my head and doing more and more things to just kind of get out of it. Yeah, I want to continue that, you know, exercising that and, you know, what is not a good gym routine if you can't, you know, make it a habit. And I don't even have a topic this time around. That's the interesting part. Before I was like, oh, yeah, I want to make this video about this thing. So then I go make the video about this thing. But this time around, it's like, I have some ideas, I have some thoughts, but I don't really have a set idea or set feeling towards going towards some type of video direction. So yeah, this is going to be interesting. But yeah, I'm going to make a video in the next conduit. And you can you can watch that video youtube.com slash at KJY Miller. Since I'm kind of getting we haven't talked about it. We haven't talked about the whole Twitter thing. I'm not I'm not really getting off of it. But I'm like, I'm getting like away from it. I'm getting away from like a lot of social media. So if you really do want to know what I'm working on, like, YouTube is probably going to be the place. I'm just going to make videos about stuff from time to time. And yeah, just work with that, I guess. Yeah, that's super smart. So my connection for the next fortnight is I'm going to finalize a budget. I have like a temporary this is what I've been spending or where I've been spending things the last couple months, and I need to like sit down and be like, Okay, this is what I have been doing. I'd like to maybe do a little bit less here so I can put a little bit more back in savings. So here's how that would work. And so I'm going to sit down and actually finalize it because if I tell our conductors, they'll help hold me accountable. Speaking of our conductors. Another new conductor says new connect. I'm sorry, Adam, unnamed of the show, Adam says new connection, come up with my theme for the year and go to a couple's goal setting retreat with their wife. I'm coughing, but that sounds so good. It sounds so good. Oh my gosh. All right. For Dan, our other new conductor who did a connection check and is coming in, their new goal for the year, their new theme is going to help getting my nutrition and sleep better to allow more energy for work side projects and relationships. Happy Christmas and New Year. Happy Christmas and New Year back to you, Dan and to everyone else. Of course, but we're not done yet. We've got more connections coming. Our soprano of the show, Deborah says, make progress on a baby quilt for some friends. Oh, baby quilt. I got to meet my new niece yesterday, which for the first time, which was awesome. And she's seven weeks old. So she's a little tiny. Yeah. She's still like, I can grab you with like one hand and then quickly protect your head and neck from any dangerous things. And, and like, just so tiny, so tiny, but it also reminded me that I think I'm done with kids for now. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Having, you know, one and done is pretty great. I will say that. Our shark of the show, Chris, he says, my connection for the next fortnight is to come to acceptance with a milestone birthday that is coming up. Oh, milestone birthdays. This year was my 40th and it was definitely fun and scary to celebrate. So I'm excited to hear what you have planned for your milestone birthday and make it fun because you deserve it. And then our panda of the show, James says, new connection, continue taking a break, more breaks, but still limit my screen time. I wish I would have done that. So I don't put too much strain on my eyes. Thankfully, I have a large pile of books to read. We've already established it's canon that Kathy has a copy of Ayn Rand that she can send to you. I'm pretty sure. Yeah, that'll you'll get through that in no time. Our blue dragon of the show, Skylar says new connection. My next theme is the season of flight. And over the next two weeks, I want to figure out what that really means for me. Take more flights, especially to California before I leave and then come visit. Right. Yeah. Our train enthusiast of the show, Relsie says, continue relaxation and continue to keep or try to keep my sleep score as high as possible. I love that. Like this is just a time of resting up for a lot of folks. This is this has been nice. Absolutely. And our final connection for this episode, the nameless of the show, Robert says new connection, unpack my office and get ready for work from home. Unpack the rest of the house with less urgency. The greatest connection is enjoy this time with my wife making memories as we unpack the memories we have already made. Oh my gosh. It's so sweet. Oh, so sweet. You are adorable nerds. Yeah, you're my favorites. If you would like to submit a connection, you can do so in the relay discord in the show, hashtag show follow up channel by starting your message with a conduit emoji and putting your connection after visit. Give us your flipping money.com to become a member today. Head on over as well to Yukon where it.com and check out a gift to take care of yourself and wrap yourself in conductor love. Thank you to hover for sponsoring this week's episode. Hey, Jay, dude, we can do it. I feel like we're at the beginning of the show, so I'm going to say, yeah, we totally condone it. Nice.