---
description: Accountability is a common theme in productivity, but how do you do it
  so that it's actually helpful? Jay and Kathy help with some tips. And announcing
  Super Conductor! The Conduit Membership that includes extra content, no ads, and
  a fortnightly meetup!
pub_date: January 26th, 2023
title: '41: Accountability: Doing it Right'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/41
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we can do our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that you can account on supporting you. This episode is brought to you by Memberful and Micro.blog. I'm Kathy and with me today is someone that I unfortunately shared my brain with that I had yesterday to share today, which has affected so many things. But it's fine because Jay is here to join in this episode, whatever that episode shall be. I'm just excited for the incredibly long show notes that we have here. There's so much to talk about and all of it is good. So I think we should jump in, right? I agree. Let's jump right in. Jay, you have a first shout out. What shout out would you like to shout out? I would like to give the most bittersweet shout out to the wonderful Scotty Jackson and Rosemary Orr- Why did my tongue just decide to fail me? Scotty Jackson and Rosemary Orchard, they have announced that the long running Nested Folders podcast will be coming to an end. Obviously those that do know we've had both Scotty and Rosemary on Conduit before. I would say that if you like Conduit and you want a little bit more hard pressed productivity with a very, very approachable way of presenting it, then you should go through their back catalog. There's so many episodes. All of them are very relevant. None of them are time focused. And there's just so much and I've learned a lot from both of them. And we'll continue to do so. It's not bi-weekly from my podcatcher. I'll have to do a little bit more work and actually reach out to them. Yes, yes, for sure. Yeah, I am very proud of Scotty for making the choice that he made. I know it was difficult, but I love both of you humans and I'm very excited to see what comes next. I've got two today and I'm going to start with Ankenu who called out my amazing joke. He has been listening, working through his Conduit backlog and apparently listens to it not on headphones because his wife absolutely lost it when I made my low-flying airplane noises. Right? Meow. And yes, I did want to know. So thank you for sharing that in the show follow-up folder on the Discord. And then we just last episode started. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Sorry. I want to sneak one in there. So only because you mentioned that terrible, terrible joke that you made. It was amazing. As I was perusing Hulu to find a new anime to watch with my wife, it was Trigun. It's not new. It's actually rather old. I've watched it before, but it's amazing. If you haven't watched Trigun, watch Trigun. Anyway, we found this other anime that I think I'm going to use to introduce my daughter to the genre and it's called Bananya. Oh my gosh. And it's about cats that live in bananas. Oh my gosh. That's amazing. It is both adorable, confusing, and it's everything, anything all at once. I had so many mixed emotions and all of them were positive. And I was just like, this is giving me Kathy bad jokes energy. So I just wanted to throw that out there. Amazing. Amazing. Absolutely. I love it. Yes. Give me all of the energy. Like Nadia said in the chat, who she's been going through all of the backlog, mad props to her and we'll make a little comment in the future as well. But she was waiting for that joke to come while making her way through the backlog after seeing it mentioned and it did not disappoint. So this is your call. If you haven't heard my amazing joke to go back and listen to it, I don't remember. Maybe we'll put a link direct in the show notes, but amazing because I'm incredible. We also last episode mentioned a new thing that relay is doing now that Twitter has kind of been the even more of a trash fire that it is. We've kind of like removed access to most of that. And one of the things to replace that, so you don't necessarily have to pay to be a member to give us feedback or contact us. There's a way to submit feedback via the website and there is a link in each a link in each episode to just go straight there. And we're super excited for this. It makes me really happy, especially because Conductor Logan is our first feedback communicator. And he said, thank you both for this excellent show and its gentle, accepting and flexible approach. It has a special energy and adds value to my life. The two of you provided a lighthouse to guide me towards being kind to myself and remembering the good in a challenging year. All shout out to the episode with Kathy and James, which helped me accept my own chronic condition and to every time Kathy reminds us that our feelings are valid in case I'm not bold enough to join discord. Thanks for all you do. When I saw this, I like burst into tears because this was so sweet and kind and well written and just absolutely amazing to read on what's been a really interesting week, shall we say? I am so excited that we have this option and that, yes, Logan, you are bold enough to join the discord. We would love to have you over there to hang out with us and be supported by all of the connectors and the rest of the relay aliens, the switch honors, the real aliens. Maybe that's it. Yeah, we're going to. I'll talk to Stephen and we'll get that branded. Oh, man. That so I will only support that with saying if you enjoy the vibes that we give off in this show, I think I think at one point Mike mentioned that conduit is like the relay FM membership personified like turned into a show. So that that gentle, accepting and flexible approach is very much the the atmosphere and environment that the relay FM switch on membership discord is. And and I will say as someone who doesn't spend as much time in the discord as I probably should, every time I am there, it it's just a breath of fresh air. It is it is so reenergizing and so warm and inviting, even if sometimes they're just inviting the chaos and. Yes. And bad jokes. Yes, it's fantastic. And we also record this show live every fortnight. And you can hang out in the chat on the discord with us while we do the show and interact, as well as be exposed to some of our behind the scene behind the scene shenanigans. And we have other options for that, too. But very first, we also want to let you know that you can support us directly by visiting you can wear it dot com and check out our merch options. We have stickers and hoodies and sweatshirts and t-shirts and take tops and onesies. And I am currently wearing my green conduit hoodie and I love it so very much. I just want to hit on that that flub that you made. I want Charlie Sheen to do a podcast called Behind the Sheens. Oh, my gosh. Well, does it? No, he didn't. There's another show with someone famous with his sons. That could do it. I don't remember who it is, but there was a TV show about like they go hiking or something. I'm not sure. I don't know what's going on. I don't know. But hey, Jay. Yes. That's our huge announcement today. Well, I have some superb news. And what is it? Well, as you know, and for those listening may or may not know, Relay FM is supported by all of the wonderful people who decide to become members. And one of the things that we've seen in the last few years is the creators of the shows have been wanting to do something a little extra to to give to people who support them directly. And Kathy and I, I'll give you I'll let you I'll let you in on this little secret. At least four times a year, Jay goes, Hey, Kathy, how do we do something every single week to help with just getting to hang out with each other and help with our connections and doing all the fun stuff? And Kathy goes, No, I'm kidding. Kathy goes, I really love doing this show. It is best if we just don't do that. But I will say that we have figured it out. We've cracked the code and now we are announcing Superconductor. So Superconductor, TM by the wonderful friend of the show, Skyler. Thank you, Sky, for the amazing name recommendation. We loved it. And so much that we we put a ring on it or a pod ring. I don't know what it's called. Yeah, no, sure. Well, we're going with that. That works anyway. So Superconductor is still going like the show is still going to be fortnightly or every conduit, as I say. And from there, you're going to get the things that you expect from the other shows that have done something similar with their own special show, which is, you know, you get the before the show antics, you get the after the show antics. And I will say there are very many antics like this. This pre-show, we talked about some movies that I watched, none of them being Disney, because, of course, they wouldn't be. We talked about who is the better M. Knight Shyamalan, which spoiler alert, it's not M. Knight Shyamalan. No. And, you know, a lot of other things. We also talked about, you know, a little bit of mental healthiness and a lot of different things. But you you get those things. But what about in the off week? The off week, we're going to be doing a one hour co-working digital meetup thing. Now, if you've been around for the St. Jude Relayathon that we had last year, we actually toyed around with this idea doing, I think it was an hour, hour and a half live stream. This isn't a live stream. This is going to be a private meetup for people who support Conduit directly to jump in to some type of digital call, probably a Zoom call or something like that. And we're going to just be working. We're going to be chatting. We're going to be giving people space to to just conduit. And honestly, I don't think any two weeks will be the same. Like, they definitely they definitely will not be the same. And I think it's kind of amazing because it will work and flow and be whatever it needs to be for that time. So it will not. And also it will not be recorded. So this is a come when you come when you can, which we hope you will come and hang out with us and join us. But unfortunately, there is not a way to access it after, which we understand can be difficult for some. And we're sorry about that. But we wanted to pick a time that could work with as many time zones as possible and with our schedules, too. So on the off Tuesdays at 10 a.m. Pacific time, you can come and hang out with us. And we have there's a great way. You'll be getting an email with that link straight from the membership program system. So you'll be able to get that right before. Probably the day before, I think, is about when we're going to be sending that out. Maybe the morning of unsure. But yeah, it's it's going to it's going to be great. And I'm so excited. If you're not familiar. So one of the things that I'm really excited about is this idea of utilizing body doubling and like co-working. And if you're not familiar with the idea of body doubling, it's a tactic to help with productivity by having some direct accountability with another human. And it's a reminder, too, that you aren't alone. Which can be nice, especially if you work from home or you work for yourself. It can be really lonely sometimes. So we are just so excited to share this option as well as the pre and post show in your episodes and, of course, no ads if you are a superconductor. But don't worry, we will still include the call out at the end so you can know who is supporting our show. If you are a superconductor. So, Jay, if someone wants to become a superconductor, oh, how would they do that? Well, they just have to believe in themselves and and say, you know what? I'm a superconductor. I heard if you say it three times, one of those being inside of your browser URL bar and say I'm a superconductor dot com, then it'll take you to a wonderful page that allows you to support Conduit directly and become a superconductor. And also, I just want to add the logo, the background, all of it. So good. So good. JD nailed it like this. We just kind of came and we're like, OK, we're doing a membership show. This is the the name of it, superconductor. And. He's like, OK, well, here's some ideas that I had and just bang, nailed it, it's perfection, it's so flipping good, I love it so much. And you can access the. Oh, my gosh. If you're a member of any show, not just ours, when you log into your member full account and you download the wallpapers, you can get the new show art as a wallpaper, including the gorgeous gradient of color that is part of it, which is super exciting. We hope you love it all as much as we do. So I can I already see the chat having a time with this. Don't put I'm a superconductor three times. No, and it's also not. I am a superconductor yet. I'm sure we'll probably get that. But it's just I am a superconductor dot com. Oh, is it? I am a see this is this is where we are. Yeah, I. Yeah. The letter M, the letter A. Oh, OK. Not I am no, just yes, because I'm a superconductor dot com. But don't put an apostrophe because apostrophes that will confuse it. So clearly we are learning so many things about everything that we're doing. But you can also go to relay dot FM slash conduit or give us your flipping money dot com. All of those things will take you to that information. So you can join and become a superconductor. And I had a dream several weeks ago that we had a live show. And for our superconductors, we had I know we had custom capes with our logo on it. So maybe if we get enough superconductors, we can have capes in our merch shop. So please make this dream come true. Please make it come true. It's amazing. It's amazing. We don't have a live show scheduled yet, but someday in the future, someday in the future, it will happen. Yes, indeed. And the way that this was able to happen was thanks to memberful and surprise. This episode of Conduit is brought to you by our good friends at memberful. Memberful is the easiest way to sell memberships to your audience used by the biggest creators on the web, generate sustainable, recurring income while diversifying your revenue stream. You might have heard us talking about the relay FM switch on membership program just a little bit ago. But what you might not know is that memberful is the platform we use for that program. And they make it super easy to generate that extra revenue stream and build bonus content to our members. So, Jay, I think you had a membership in the past. Is that right? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I've I rolled and managed my own membership program for several years. It wasn't worth it. Don't do this. This is a bad idea. Here's the thing about productivity. Sometimes not doing the thing is more productive. And using a tool like memberful will help you focus on your community instead of all of the techie bits behind it that you then spend more time on and you start to resent every single person that becomes your friend and gives you money. And you're just like, why did you do this to me? Now I have all of these other steps I have to do. So I would I would definitely say in this case, just let let them handle it. Let them handle it. No need to do your own thing. Let them handle it. Don't don't be like the other people, the fancy podcasters that that build their own system, not saying ATP. Just use just use memberful and let them handle all of that difficult stuff so you can enjoy having a membership program. Yeah, we really lucked out in that really really also like had the main structure configured. So it was super easy for us to just add and add this show to all of the options. And it's really easy for everyone to like go in and switch or add anything to their memberful. Also being able to download the wallpapers is great. Being able to join the discord super easy. You just log in and it's all right there. And additionally, because of the option that we can email you directly with the link for our coworking time, that's that's why we were able to do this special membership option the way that we were able to, because they have this available, because it's just something that. The the thought of like logging in and emailing direct a like a link to a zoom or something. To everybody that became a member would be really stressful and frustrating and annoying. And now we don't have to do that because memberful is here. And it's a great way for anyone that wants to have an easy way to start a membership program. You can just use memberful and have the most difficult admin management side of things taken care of. Maybe you're already producing content and relying on advertising or other means of income. Memberful makes it easy to diversify that income with everything you need to run a membership program, including custom branding, gift subscriptions, Apple Pay, free trials, private podcasts and tons more. While leaving you with full control and ownership of everything that relates to your audience, your brand and your membership. And you can now send paid email newsletters directly through memberful without needing to connect to a third party email provider, which is what we will be doing to get those emails out to you. The link. You can even publish your paid newsletter content to a memberful hosted members only website. And there's no additional fee when signed up for memberful pro or premium plans. Plus, you'll save money compared to other popular hosted newsletter platforms. If you're a content creator, memberful can help you monetize that passion. Get started for free at memberful.com slash conduit. No credit card required. That's memberful.com slash conduit. Go there now. Check it out. It could be the start of something exciting. Our thanks to memberful for their support of the show and all of Relay FM. And sincerely, thank you. Yeah, I'm so like the fact that they have this emailing option available and it's so easy, like they. It's just amazing. I'm super excited and I can't wait to see how it works, because of course, we haven't sent that email out yet, but I did so do all of the emails for previous like members like the newsletters when they started up the option to like read past newsletters in memberful. I did go through and like create all of those like blog post things. So I know how easy it is. So I'm really excited to see how this goes. I'm excited about what are you excited about? I don't know. It's your show. You tell me. How about some connection checks? Zap. Yeah, Jay, how did you do in this last conduit time? So about five minutes before I'm kidding. About yesterday, my connection was to make a cool down automation that would give me time to button up all my my odds and sods and loosens and make room for my wonderful wife who is streaming and comes into the space that I normally work in and kicks me out. I'm kidding. She doesn't kick me out. I'm invited to stay if I can. But we talked about this in last week's episode of just the kind of this the disruption to the groove that that can be. So what I did was I made an automation that before the stream starts or before, you know, she comes in to start setting up for her stream. My lights do a soft little transition change from their normal normal light bulb color to a beautiful shade of purple. And it's it's subtle. So it's not going to be enough to be like, you know, pitch black darkness into like this neon purple like alert thing. But it's like a soft like, hey, friend, yeah, you should start putting a button on things and make room. And one, the atmosphere. Amazing. Also, the color purple matches the same background as our new superconductor, awesome backgrounds that you can get by becoming a member. And so and that wasn't even intentional. That's just a good coincidence. Nice. But it I got to use it. And while it helped, it was a little late. So I was able to adjust the time. So I'm still taking the green checkmark because I did the thing. But we'll we'll see how we'll see how it works out in future streams. And I'll find out tomorrow because my at the time of recording, my wife streams again tomorrow and, you know, I'll I'll have another little notification thing with my lights. What about you, Kathy? Perfect. So I my connection was to obtain a timeout jar. And I am seriously disappointed with everything that you can buy. They're all basically just bottles with glitter in it. And that just made me angry because I I'm more than happy to pay for people to do amazing things. But even the Amazon options were basically just bottles with glitter. And I was like, this is not what I want. However, I did find an app. It's called Chill Out Time. And it's how do I say this nicely? It's very dated. It's very old, like. We did kind of ridiculous option, but what it does do is it has a lot of different varieties to have like timeout jar things. So one is like so they all have this little like an hourglass. And then depending on what type of timeout you choose, it will depend on what type of things are going. So like there's one that's just a like a regular timer. And it has the countdown on it. But then there's another one that has. An option for like. Pay like paying attention. And so you go in and you like have to click these little like. Faces like lion faces, things top and bottom to go through and and like just to be paying attention to whatever you're doing. It's kind of fun. So I have done this a couple times and it's actually been really helpful. I wish it looked a little bit better. It's kind of cute, like so says in the chat, but it's definitely dated. So I feel like it feels very like original iPhone brand, like vice like more fake or kind of. But then also like the the the look of it is very. Very original iPhone thing. You know, it's fine. Everything it does what it needed to do, and it's actually been helpful. And so I'm excited to kind of see how I can add it into my repertoire to do it instead of having a really ugly like bottle with glitter in it. So, you know, it works out. It's doing what it needs to do. I still think you could just make sure. I know I might. But see, here's the thing is I don't want to bring glitter into my house. Oh, that's true. That's very true. Because then everyone will die. I've still got glitter on my couch now. Yeah. Curse you, Christmas makeup kits. Worth it. But I don't think making a timeout jar and bringing that glitter into my house is worth it. So we'll see what I can do. We'll see. But for now, this is perfect. What about our amazing conductors, Jay? Well, our civil civil engineer of the show, Dan, says connection check green circle. I kind of forgot my shapes for a second. I kept my momentum up and formed a plan to get back it to get back my chartership. I am proud of how I hit the ground running. That is awesome. And I'm glad you got a plan. Now it's time to act on it. You got this. You can do it. Absolutely. All right, Debo, our soprano of the show, connection check green checkmark ready for my final radiation treatment on January 24th, which as we record is right now. And in fact, she is getting her final radiation treatment as we speak right this moment, which is really exciting. All of our conductor love out to you and just sending so many easy prayers for getting it back up and running and going well, and we can't wait to hear all of the good news. Yes. And then our reader of the show, Adam says connection check green book. I went out. Nope, didn't go out. I went on a goal setting retreat with my wife and feel good about the year of stability. That sounds like an amazing way to start your year and your yearly theme. Netley, our oracle of the show, so says green or green apple. I made it through my busy fortnight, including giving a big presentation and still got everything else done. Very proud of myself. Absolutely. As you should be. That's incredible. Amazing. You are absolutely fabulous. OK, I just want to throw out there everyone here that that loves throwing these different emojis at us. I'm here for the chaos. But if I mess it up, that's on you. So that being said, our sloth of the show, green, I'm going to say bok choy, not bok choy green lettuce. Yeah, it's totally lettuce, obviously. Whatever green plant says it. With tonight's prep, I'll hit my eight meals prepped for the fortnight and it will happen. Several plan busting curveballs through the fortnight. But here we are. I hope that your lettuce is crisp and fresh and you can do it. I don't know what that means. What do you mean? Yeah, it means what your heart says it means about that. Our blue dragon of the show is very well, first off, they are they are telling Jay that they're lucky that there are no pink heart emojis. Well, there are pink heart emojis. I don't know what you were looking at, but that's fine. Green heart for us is doing a weekly readiness review. Did really help lower my anxiety levels and have a clear plan going in. That is the magic of the connection check. You're able to try something with no pressure. If it doesn't work, it doesn't work. That's fine. And being able to just like try something and then when it does work, I mean, that's pretty great. So I'm so happy that it worked for you. Our panda of the show, James says connection check check mark. Yep. I'm doing OK, despite writing this on the last day of my 40s. Mm hmm. I mean, you're not a ghost. You're you're just older than that. Now, I have mainly spent the last two weeks tidying my flat in preparation for actual party guests. And this has mostly distracted me from my existential crisis. It's just another number. It's just another day. It's just another year. Time to party away. Nice. Nice. Here's that some poetry. Snaps, snaps, snaps. Our shark of the show, Chris, has an orange heart. I made some progress with getting my desk cleaned up. The project took on a life of its own. I am proud of you for working through it. So that's awesome. Like you can you can you can do it. The nameless of the show, Robert, I should I should just not say the name if it's the nameless of the show. The show they who must not be named of the show. Connection check green circle desk has finally been brought over from parents house. No more working on a folding table. Yes. I also started decorating the office space and more is on the way. I was able to use the Pomodoro as a starting point to create healthy work habits, though I was not able to start my yearly journal because the mail system of the United States thought that my house was on a vacant lot and did not deliver my journal. Oh dear. Some would say that there are some issues in the US Postal Service. Yeah. Like the fact that my locked parcel locker got broken into and my new sidekick notebook from Cortex got stolen and Ophelia's bark box. But thankfully, they're both sending me new ones. So that's great. Mm hmm. Our newest conductor, Nadia, who is do do do do new. Who is our mud kept mud mud, Kip of the show, connects the Pokemon green checkmark. I fully caught up on conduit and I'm ready to listen live to the next episode. And hey, she is she's live in the show, in the discord right now. You can be too. You can be too if you become a member. I am so glad that we have a superconductor, another superconductor joining us on this most auspicious week. Oh, that would be a really interesting thing is if we could get like we have our conductors, but then we also have our never mind. I love you all. I'm not going to assign more work. Don't do it. Don't do it. Go ahead and hire notice. And our train enthusiast of the show, Relsie, says Red Circle, the first read in a long time. None of this happened. I need to go back to plant to the planning stage and reevaluate how I want to do this. That's OK, Relsie, because I don't remember what the connection was beforehand. Therefore, it's like it never existed. Exactly. And you just have an opportunity to do it this next time. Ah, who that was. That was a lot. And I can't believe that we are just now in the system to start our topic on page five of our notes. Technically, page six, because page five is just the topic title. And then it drops down because Jay put a picture in. But that's fine. How did this OK? So our topic this fortnight is about accountability and setting clear expectations for both sides of that. It's important for accountability. Like if you've ever done something where you're like, oh, yeah, let's be accountability partners. And then you get really angry with your accountability partner or it doesn't work or like. Sometimes it can be extremely frustrating. And we're here to kind of walk through what we've learned with all of our accountability things, but also have our own cleansing conversations in the way that conduit always is. Yeah. So in this new world of superconducted attitude where we are not only continuing this this idea of providing a place for accountability, but also inviting them to get even closer to where we are in that people have the ability to interact with us directly. I mean, thinking about that, where, you know, to people's comfort level, they will have an opportunity to not just type at us, which I mean, if you've ever spent any time on Twitter, you understand words are really easy when they're coming out of your fingers. But when they're coming out of your mouth, it's a lot different. I wanted to make sure that in doing so, what we did was was really the key thing, as I was trying to think of notes for this, which was to set some clear expectations of how we hold ourselves accountable, what we would expect from others holding, you know, how we hold others accountable, but then also how we would hope that people would hold us accountable. And and that is is one of the things that to me is so hard. And I I was thinking about this and I thought about that whole like setting expectations. And it just reminded me of one of my favorite movies of all time, Spider-Man into the Spider-Verse, where Miles is graffiti art has this this beautiful image after he's been assigned the task of right of reading and writing a book report on the book Great Expectations. He has then done the artwork that it says no expectations with with kind of an empty body void right in the middle of it. And that made me think about this this idea of. Do we really have expectations for ourselves when we think about accountability like Kathy, when when you know your boss, your boss unicorn, you know, you have people that report to you and you have to hold them accountable because, you know, one, you pay them to do the thing that you expect them to do. But when it comes to being the boss unicorn of your own life, do you hold yourself to those same expectations that you hold your other unicorns? Uh, not as much as I should, which is something that I am. I feel like I'm constantly working on allowing myself this own personal accountability. I know a lot of people do tend to. I'm just thinking of, you know, this is the start of the year. This is when a lot of people make a I resolution theme. Thank you. I was going to say a reservation and I knew that that was not the right word. I mean, they might make those two Valentine's Day. It's true. It's true. It's very true. You might make a resolution about like whatever you're going to make. And this expectation that self accountability is going to exist. I know myself and I know that it's very difficult for me to hold myself accountable. Part of it, you know, it's. It's something that I've been working with my therapist and this idea that taking care of others is the priority instead of taking care of myself. And and putting others first, because otherwise you're selfish or something. You know, a lot of caregivers have this issue. Feel free to listen back to our caregiver caregiving episode to hear me talk more about it. But it's it's something that I am actively aware of my own limitations and doing my best to work past that. So I know that I need to work harder and like smarter on letting myself come first. And part of that includes self accountability. And it's it's it's a journey. But I do have some amazing humans that help hold me accountable in different ways. And having them is just like perfection because they're able to assist and like make it like, give me what I need without being overbearing. But part of that comes because I have set expectations. I know that if I just say, hey, so and so, will you remind me to eat every day? I know it's not going to that's not going to that's not how it's going to work. I know because they're humans, too. They have their own lives. They don't need to have, you know, multiple alarms to remind me to eat. However, I can say, hey, at the end of the day or like at some point or can you occasionally check in on me? Like Railsie has just done in the chat and I have eaten. I ate a breakfast bar about an hour ago. But when this show is done, I guess hour and a half, two hours. When this is done, I am going to go make a full lunch because I know I need to eat. I know my body needs it. I know my mind needs it. It will make me feel better. Yeah, I think the the tie in of of. Having other people. You know, be accountable to you really does come with the like realistic expectations, and maybe this is this is the way of thinking about this is what are your self expectations? What are the realistic expectations that you would have others think of you? And and again, it doesn't mean that just because you're being realistic, and that person will not be able to meet your expectations, doesn't mean that that that your needs aren't valid. So I often need to be able to check with others to say like, hey, I you need me to do this thing like, hey, Kathy, you need me to show up for conduit. The fact that we had to change our recording time is because while I had expectations, while you have expectations of me to show up when we're supposed to record and be able to stay for the entire recording, I also have the expectation, you know, my boss has the expectation of me to show up to our one to one meetings. So it wasn't that one thing meant less than the other. It was by being able to communicate openly about all of the expectations or your competing priorities that makes it able for people to go, OK, this person doesn't hate like I I'm trying to remember. There's a there's a book that my therapist got me to read, which it's called Feeling Good by Dr. David Burns. And I will say this. My therapist is a very realistic person. And he told me, don't read the whole book, just read this chapter. So nice. What I did. So I don't know about the rest of the book, but there was a chapter, I think it's chapter three or four, where, you know, a therapist has a meeting with their client. The therapist's daughter calls and says, hey, I was in a car wreck. And all of a sudden, the person on the other end doesn't know why that therapist just immediately canceled. Right. Yeah. And that that's really it's it's so hard to not get in our feelings when someone else has a competing priority to being accountable to us. Yeah. Part of that comes down to communication and being able to state where you're at, state what you need. And I have these benchmarks. And when I'm talking to my unicorns, I'm usually not translating, but I will like start a conversation with the client and I will transition that conversation over to my unicorn. And at that point, they then take control of the client as a whole, for the most part. And one of the things that I taught tell both sides is what expectations have been discussed with me, especially because most of the clients that we bring on have not necessarily worked with someone to assist them before. So they're not really sure what to expect or what even to request for the expectations. And part of my job as, you know, this head unicorn is to come in and give them the support that they need to be able to understand and explain what those expectations are and hopefully be able to understand them for their own self so that they can then explain them to others. And it's hard. You have to look at yourself in a very different way than most days that you do. And that's it can be really raw and scary to like manage that. Yeah, I. When it comes to holding others accountable, you know, I think about this. This like one amazing content creator named Tabitha Brown. And if you if you don't know who she is, check TikTok, find her on YouTube, whatever. It's so amazing. It is. She is your amazing black aunt that like, oh, I I can't even begin to like explain the feeling when, you know, I have an aunt that is amazing, that I can just call and be like, this thing happened. And the difference between an aunt and a parent is that your aunt doesn't have to protect your feelings. Your aunt doesn't have to make sure that you're fed in all these other things. There there is no exact like it is my responsibility as your aunt to do like no. But the big auntie energy is like, I'm choosing to do this. I'm choosing to to to be here for you in this moment. And and there are so many times where I've had, you know, just watched a video of Tab who has said like, hey, that toxic friendship that you're in, I'm just going to be your aunt. I don't have to be your friend. You you don't you can hang up on that. You don't you don't need to keep that, you know. And that is that is where accountability look. That's to me, that's what accountability looks like is like when when you're able to just be blunt out of love, never hostility. You don't you don't want people to feel like, oh, here comes Jay again. Like that that shouldn't be the goal. But if if self-accountability is checking your tires for the right pressure, then holding other people accountable is making sure that their tires are also protected. And sometimes that just means like for those that don't know about cars, one of the easiest ways to prolong the life of your tires is to wash them. People don't realize that. But dirty tires often absorb things and it causes them to crack. So just having clean tires allows you to prolong the life of your tire. And but like doing that for other people, just being like, hey, I notice I notice right now your time is is a little little heavy. Well, we'll come back to this thing once your once you've taken care of this. OK, come back to me. We're not we're not going to say no rush or when you have the time or when you can't. We're going to we're going to specify the reason and then. Protect it, but also let them know that this is what I this is what I'm hoping to accomplish. Hey, I want this not hey, how's it going? Hey, you're doing great. Like, no, no, no, no. Hey, you seem a little overloaded right now. I'm not going to add more to your plate, but I do have some things that need to be that need to be handled. And if you're not able to do it right now, then that's fine. We'll come back to it later. But this is this is we're going to we're going to address this. To me, that's that's what holding other people accountable looks like. Yeah. And this this idea of the tire is not just the actual tires on your car. We're going to link back to our tire. Episode where we talk about what tire is, and basically it's a way for you to manage and figure out how to make decisions about doing something, if that makes sense. So it is time. Do you have the time to do this? Do you have what is your intuition? I is intuition say about getting this done. Like, does your heart immediately go, oh, no. Well, then, you know, use is that is that as a as a hint? Then you have your resources. What resources do you have available? Not just in time, but in your like actual products and your items that live in your life. Like if you you can't change the tires on your car, if you don't have the tools. So that's that's that's something important. And then energy. How much energy do you have? How much energy do you think you will have in the future? All of all four of these things can really help you decide if you want to take something on. And if somebody else is using the tire method to go through and make those decisions, it's easier for you to respect and understand when someone says no, because that you're respecting their boundaries and you've given them the space to make the decision to support like whatever they need for their life. And and if you need that reminder, we do have tire stickers where dot com. But I you know, we have we have a wonderful message in the chat. This is tires helped me a lot. Has helped me a lot as a way of thinking through whether I should say no to things. This this to me is is that idea, whether you're holding yourself accountable, what is what is my tire check? I would I would say check your tires before you make a decision, even if you're not having to make that decision to someone else. But also before you ask something of someone, maybe take a look at their tires. You don't you don't necessarily know everything that's going on. But just like a car, like would you get into a bus if like the tire looked like it was about to like pop? No, you would you'd be like, I'm going to catch the next one. Thank you. It's that simple. Like being able to say, I'm not going to put this on you knowing that you don't have the time, intuition, resources or energy to complete this. I'm not going to ask you to do something that I know you aren't capable of doing. And and one of the things that I would also say with that is to keep the metaphor going. Don't like don't expect something and then under explain it. Like if if I say, hey, Kathy, do you have 30 minutes to help me with this thing? And what I really need is two hours. Like, yeah, that's that's just wrong. Don't do that. Don't do that. And it doesn't help anybody and especially not whatever project you need to get done, whatever thing you're asking for help with. Don't overwhelm other people because you. Didn't like communicate properly, basically. Make sure to keep those communications. If you're going to be late for something, tell the people. If you can't do something instead of just hiding your head in the sand, I know it's difficult. I know it can be so much easier to just sit back and be like, hmm. I'm just not going to reply to this email or text message or phone call because it's going to take a lot. I get that that can be really heavy, but. Communicating, even if it's just a hey, I see this, I can't reply right now, I will get back to you, can help make sure that someone doesn't think you got in a car accident and can't reach your phone. Like, just just communicate to your friends and family. And this isn't you then agreeing to reply to every single email you get. No, not at all. There's there's a lot of spam out there, folks. And then the last thing you should do is reply to it. And I think that that that might be a good way to kind of button up this idea of accountability. Like, don't give people the assumption that you are accountable to them if you're not. And I call it sometimes just being blunt where someone might want you to be accountable to them. And, you know, there are nice ways of saying no. We actually had another episode about that. Conduit number seven. See what we're not going to do is. And that that to me is the biggest decision to make in. And when it comes to accountability in general is, do I even need to be accountable to this person? Or do I need to let this person believe that they have a right to be accountable? Do I need to let this person believe that they have accountability over me? And if the answer is no, then you need to protect that decision at all costs. If that means again, coming coming with big on the energy from TAB. If that means if you say, hey, I can't I can't deal with what you've got going on right now. Then that's what you got to do. And if that's what you got to do, that's what you got to do. Because before you can be accountable to anybody else, you have to be accountable to yourself. Great. Percent. Jay, thanks for helping me be accountable and and doing the things, even though I was able to tell you yesterday, I don't have the energy to think about what the topic is today. And thank you for telling me this morning that you didn't have the energy to think up another fancy domain name for feedback. So we're doing great. Communication is obviously important for podcasters, but also important for others. So keep that up. Hmm. Hey, Jay, do you know? Can I tell you about something really cool? Well, head on to our connection for the next fortnight. Yep, yep, yep, yep. That'll give me time to think about a connection for the next. Perfect. Thanks for communicating that to me. I can't wait to hold you accountable in a couple of minutes because this episode of Conduit is brought to you by micro dot blog. Blogging is still the easiest way to share stuff on the web. And micro dot blog is the easiest way to blog. Personal blogging is making a comeback thanks to all of the disruption in social media. So if you have always wanted to build your own place on the Internet to keep and share the stuff you love, micro dot blog is for you. Micro dot blog is the blog you can actually use because we've made it so easy to write short or long blog posts, share photos, keep a log of the books you've read and even create your own podcast. But more than a place to post your stuff, it's also a friendly community of people with a wide range of interests who share and comment via micro dot blog social timeline, which is managed by humans, not bots, and it's a social network you can feel good about because micro dot blog is open. You can use your own domain name, cross posts to Twitter, Tumblr and Mastodon. You can also follow and be followed by Mastodon users directly with conversations threaded across both micro dot blog and Mastodon. And finally, you can share your RSS feed so anyone can follow you. OK, so I know we've had a lot of discussions off off of this podcast in particular about what's going on with Twitter and what's going on with Mastodon. And I know before anyone comes and says Mastodon is easy to use. I still have issues because I cannot figure out like how to like if somebody sends me a link, I can't figure out how to open it up and read it if I'm not signed in. And then if I'm not signed in, I have to sign in and then refine the link. It's convoluted and confusing. But you know what isn't confusing is going to micro dot blog and reading my friend Jean's posts. It micro dot blog has the same vibes as old school, like live journal to me. It feels like you can kind of type out whatever you want to type and share it with just the people you want to share it with and then also have the conversations with the people that you want to have conversations about. And with not just about. So I started my micro blog blog back when it first started. And I'm excited to actually get back to seeing how I might be able to utilize this in a safe and like comfortable way. Micro dot blog hosting starts at five dollars per month. Head to micro dot blog and sign up for the 30 day free trial. Use the coupon code relay and you'll get a special deal with your standard subscription. You'll get a premium account at no extra charge. That's five dollars a month for hosting that includes all our premium features, including podcast hosting. That's a saving of 50 percent. Our thanks to micro dot blog for their support of this show and all of Relay FM. Thank you. OK. OK, it is time for our connections. Jay, you have typed up a whole bunch of things. I was going to say, yes, one of the things in terms of accountability we should also do is give ourselves space, because in that space, while Kathy was talking, oh, I wrote a lot. Yes. And I have I'm happy to say the Silksonic method is back. It is back. It's not replacing the Domi method. Don't worry. I still love my Domi method, even though a lot of things have changed. And we will talk about that in our next systems check or in one of our off week calls that we do with our superconductors. See, you also get to talk about that and stuff during that time. Yeah, we're very excited to talk tech. But if you remember, the Silksonic method was based on one of Silksonic, the band's amazing songs and how it starts with what you do. And where are you at? Oh, you got plans. Don't say that. And what I did was I changed it up instead of what you do. And it's sorry for I say that my connection is to check in with those that I am accountable to using the Silksonic method. Instead of what you do and it's how are you doing? How you do and how you do it instead of where you at, it's where you at mentally. Right now, what's your mental health looking like? Oh, you got plans. You need help with those. And don't say that about my friend or family member or amazing person in my life. Like this is this is the the idea of not only being a kind of accountable, but but giving a really good tire check to someone and just making sure they're making sure their tires are clean and and good to go. Yes, exactly. That's a great, great connection. And I can't wait to hear how it comes in the next four night. My connection is going to be making a decision about my braces. So I had an appointment with my orthodontist yesterday and I'm super excited. But now I have to make a choice. So I need to I'm actually eligible for Invisalign. But there's a lot of pieces involved on why that might not be the best choice. And one of those things is remembering I already have a difficult time remembering to eat and adding another layer of like. Disruption to making that choice on eating could be difficult. But then I'm also concerned about if I get traditional braces or clear braces, not about how I look, but how I sound, I'm already very like. Juicy this episode, and I don't have braces yet, but I'm worried about. Podcasting with braces, I have a huge pro and cons list, and I need to sit down and actually make that decision. And I know that if I put this out there, I won't hide in the sand and just not make a decision for another couple of years. Instead, I will decide. So thank you for letting me put this out there. And have this be my connection. You can't do it. Yeah, I can. You know what? I think our conductors can't do this. There are things to what do you think, Jay? Yeah, like our civil engineer, the show, Dan, who says next, for tonight or next conduit, I want to get or I want to get to take a break from work or I want to take a break from work. I want to get to work. I want to get to work. I want to get to work. Or I want to take a break from work. Either way, breaks should happen and put my energy into some house decorating. Oh, that sounds like a good substitute for some working stuff. I want to find the perfect color for the living room and be creative with some decoration. I hope it fills my spirit back up. I love that. Not only taking a break, but doing something in that break time that is a task that you got to do, but also something that's going to re energize or reinflate that tire, if you will. Adam, our reader of the show's next connection, has finished a project at work. Can't wait to hear possibly more details or not. That's OK, too, because you're good. Keep going, because you know what you need to do. And we're super excited that you can do it. Our soprano of the show, Deborah, says, next connection, take a week off for work and rest and recover. Don't let people talk me into coming to just this one meeting on my days off. See, this is what I'm talking about. Accountability right there. See, what you're not going to do is have you come in coming into work in my time off. Yes. Take all the time you need to rest and recover, please. So that again, so you can you can make sure your tires are clean, inflated and ready to roll. Our oracle of the show, so says I've fallen off the meditation wagon since I got busy with more busy time coming up. I want to meditate five times a week to help me focus. That is a great one. And our sloth of the show on canoe says next connection, going back to an old connection to straighten up the office and hobby space. Hey, that's OK. We come back to them a lot. I seem to have quickly spread out multiple active projects that should get reined back in. You can do it on canoe. Absolutely. Our blue dragon of the show, Skyler, says, my brain spontaneously decided that it was time to change PKM apps. So in the next two weeks, I want to figure out and get used to obsidian. Well, making sure that this is the change you want to make because you want to make the change, not because you want to play with a new shiny, I think should be the first step. But again, you can do it. Yes, I have. I have so many thoughts about that based on their last episode. The panda of the show, James says, next connection, embrace my fifties. Nifty nifty. Look who's fifth. I guess this is an ongoing task for the next 10 years. So please follow it appropriately. OK, so I'm going to set a recurring connection. James doesn't have to do any more connections for the next 10 years. I will just keep saying this one over and over. I'm just kidding. You can do it. Absolutely. Chris, our shark of the show says my connection for the next two weeks is to continue with my office so that I have it, including my desk, cleaned and organized so that I can work easier in the space. Oh, such a good, refreshing connection to have. I cannot wait to hear how it goes. It's going to be amazing. Our nameless of the show name redacted says new connection. Think of a good Valentine's Day gift for my wife and have it ordered. Cannot forget. Yeah, that's a good step. Ask for days off for work for a small getaway. I'm loving it. Though I have been working at this company now for a year, I've been nervous to ask for time off because I'm the new guy at this department. I have my time off saved and I need to use it. Yeah, just just just so you know, the company I work for just changed their time off policy. If you have time off, use that time off because you might lose that time off. And it only gets harder when it's gone. Yes. And a special like use it because you have it and you deserve it. And they. That's it. Are required to pay you for that. So do it as long as there is not a project that's going to explode or like someone will die because you're not there. Take the time off and enjoy time with you. Hmm. Our mud cap of the show, Nadia, new connection, fully commit to OmniFocus. I've been kind of straddling my old and new system, which has led to tasks falling through the cracks. I got to fully commit if I want this to work for me. Oh, so nerve wracking, changing systems and then feeling like you can't leave the other one behind because it's familiar. Yeah, just go all in, just go all in. And if you want a recommendation, there is a great book by our friend of the show, Rosemary Orchard, all about getting started in OmniFocus. And it could really like help support you to if you have any questions or have any needs. But we are here also to support you. I just want to say, since you are indeed a Pokemon, I hope that you can fully evolve to Marshtomp this connection. Wow. I'm going to guess that that is the Pokemon evolution that Mudkip goes to. Yes. If you saw my terrible turnout in the podcast game show, you will know that I am not a Pokemon person. And I'm very proud of myself that I actually knew that a Mudkip was a Pokemon. So go me. All right. Our train enthusiast of the show, Railzee says, create a custom journal to fit my style, maybe assign dedicated time to these things. See what works. Yes. I mean, that's how the theme system journal from Cortex came about, was Mike wanted something that worked the way his brain worked. And they made this happen. So having to adjust to what you have can be a little bit difficult, but you can do it. And we're doing some a little bit of editing. Do do do. Don't worry. We're going to finish our our ending. Didn't we edit last time? Yes. We never edited the original template. We need to go and edit the original template. And by we, we mean you doing it now while you say the thing. OK, good. Well, I got it. I got to get the thing. Hold on. Do do do do do do do do do. No, not November. Why? What was I thinking? What the it's not November. Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do. Right. It's my just break. Do do do do do do do do do do do do do. You would like to submit a connection. You can do so in the relay discord in the show. Follow up channel by starting your message with a conduit emoji and putting your connection after visit. I'm a superconductor dot com to become a member today and become a superconductor to conduit as part of our membership show. You can also check out you can wear it dot com for some great conduit merch. Thank you to member full and micro dot blog for sponsoring this week's episode. Hey, Jay, did we can do it? Well, you see, I was a little busy and I know that you're using you're trying to hold me accountable to the things that I'm supposed to be. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I made time and we totally condid it.