---
description: We had to adjust to our last show and then make adjustment to the adjustments.
  Because we’re pros and pros don’t do everything perfectly. They do things and then
  adjust to the results!
pub_date: March 23rd, 2023
title: '45: Adjusting to Adjustments'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/45
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we condue our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that plays Super Mario on Spring Break. This episode is brought to you by Micro.blog. I'm Jay, and with me is probably the very surprised unicorn, because we just jumped into it, Kathy Campbell. Hi, Kathy! You know what? I'm going to go with it. Hi, Jay! I'm ready. Let's go! Well, let's start with shout outs. Shout out to... Normally I don't do product placement here, but considering they're writing me a... I'm kidding, no. Shout out to the Miros Humidifier that I got on Amazon that is HomeKit compatible. It's actually a diffuser. I don't know why they call it a humidifier. It's just a diffuser. But it's got lights, and I can turn on my essential oils and things from a shortcut, off in complete zen, even though the essential oils that I have in there reminds me of my grandmother's house. It's got that lived in smell of white sage. Is that a good or bad thing? It's a thing. I haven't quite figured it out. It's definitely like a two or three drops kind of thing. If you put like five or six in there, everybody in the house complains for a few days. But yeah, we're going to say that the Miros Apple kit or Apple HomeKit compatible diffuser is my shout out. What about you, Kathy? I got a shout out to Realzy in the chat. Coming up, you will hear a very last minute but so wonderful recording that he sent us in the chat when we were trying to figure out the setup for the ad read. Super impressed, super thankful, and I can't wait for you to hear it in the future. Well, we don't have any feedback, but if you wanted to submit feedback, then we have a way that you can do that. We record this show live every fortnight on Discord and you can join us by becoming a superconductor and hang out in the chat so that you can be exposed to some of our behind the scenes shenanigans. If you want to experience this fun but can't join us live, you can use our special superconductor feed that you get with your membership. You'll also receive an email with the link to our off week coworking session. Last week we had a great time listening to what was it? Was it like medieval lo-fi? That was very, very relaxing. It took me back to the real quick though. I hate to interrupt you, but Beyonce had the greatest album of all time. But also we canceled him by ignoring him completely. I know. Really appreciated how you said medieval. You said mid evil and that like really made me laugh. And now you may continue because that was. Is it not medieval? Is it not medieval? No, it's medieval. Medieval? I don't know if there was a pause or what, but now I'm like imagining someone who is But only in the middle, like only half is partially evil or like sometimes evil or like neutral evil. I don't know. I don't know where I'm going, but I just really enjoyed that. They're wearing a three piece suit, but the midsection is completely cut off. There are tattoo flames coming from their waist. Yes. Yes. Exactly. Exactly. Absolutely medieval. So if you have some medieval takes, submit that feedback also by clicking the link in the show notes or using the submit feedback button at relay.fm slash conduit. I think I said submit feedback, which submit by feeding the bat. You can feed the bat to by clicking the link in the show notes, relay.fm slash conduit slash feedback. And last but not least, you can visit I'm a superconductor.com to become a member today to get access to both the pre and post show. We are doing so much fun stuff in the pre and post show. This week in the pre show, we talked about some really divisive content creation strategies that people use. Wow. That sounds so like true productivity podcast. Yep. I totally made a YouTube thumbnail today that was all the click bait and loved every second of it. And you can tell me why I'm wrong by becoming a superconductor at letter I, letter M, letter A, superduck, blah, blah, words. Let's try that again. That is letter I, letter M, letter A, superconductor.com and become a member today. Last but not least, you can't really submit feedback this way, but you can support us visiting youconwearit.com and checking out our amazing merch options. Kathy, what merch are you rocking today? Heck yeah. I'm walking. I'm walking. I'm walking here. I'm walking. I am rocking here. My red conduit. I'm a conductor hoodie because it is cozy and I pretty much always wear it for conductor sessions and not just because it's conduit day, but because it's cozy and it lives on my desk. And also this next week when I send out the email for the co-working session, I will do the correct time. Thanks time zones. Last week we had a really great moment where Ponders was working on a writing project and it was a combination of the Fast and the Furious franchise and the Great Gatsby, which was a match made in heaven that I didn't know needed to exist in my life. And I cannot wait for it to show up in hashtag self-promotion in the discord. Now I kind of want something similar, but I want like the Minions movie to the sound of Shawshank Redemption. Make it happen. Chat make it happen. Submitted his feedback. We will absolutely read that on the air, but that's enough of that. It is time for our connection check. Zamp! Kathy, was this your connection and did you do it? Was this my connection? My connection was this. How about that? I was going to attempt to time block. Now I'm very thankful that I framed my connection this way because attempting was correct and it did actually sort of work slash help. So I managed to pick some moments where I sat and was like, okay, I am only going to work on one project. Right now my project is going to be to murder my dogs. Hold on. Jose, Ophelia, stop! Words, Kathy. Oy! They're just, you know, murdering each other. It's fine. Anyways. Words, Kathy. Words. I know. I'm sorry. Not actually murdering. I promise or unaliving. Okay. So I was able to have sections of my day where I was just concentrating on one project and it really, really helped. But mainly because I had a lot of larger projects that I needed to concentrate on. So being able to sit down and do it and like really concentrate on that was great. Not in the gross, like, deep work vibe because I still was able to like, could like comment on things and reply to other stuff. But it did kind of help. And that was really nice. Jay, while you're doing your thing, I'm going to go take care of my dogs real quick. Take care of, I hear. Okay. Awesome. So my connection check and no, I'm not being really slow to buy Kathy more time. My connection check was to set the season to really outline when my spring madness that starts in March and ends much later than March. If you can tell my stalling, no, I didn't do this. I, I peanut buttered in the essence of the true essence of the phrase. I did none of this. I completely forgot that this was even my connection. And therefore, as Kathy was talking, I secretly opened up a calendar. Oh my gosh. And started looking. And what I will say is it is officially over on June 21st. That's what I'm saying. Season of conference. I know I have a clicky keyboard. I just, the folly work here is truly great. It's impeccable. June 21st, actually June 23rd, because I'm going to need some wind down days. Yes. Yes. Take a break. There we go. It is now in my calendar. It's season of conference of conference madness ends. Of conference madness ends. We're going to celebrate that day. We're going to take that day off. We're going to get mimosas and a pedicure and a manicure. Actually, oh, that was a thing that I should have shouted out in my shout out section. We'll, we'll come back to that. But what about our conductors? Yeah. So Skyler, our blue dragon of the show says blue heart, which we all know is green. Spring break was great and completely necessary. So proud of being able to take a break. And then perhaps one of my favorite, I'm not biased, connection or connect, come words, conductors of the show, the mountain dweller of the show. Logang says connection check green tree. I saw friends called friends and help friends with house projects. Hey, again, let me, let me know if I can get you to renew that connection check in a few months. I might be looking for someone to help me with house projects later. Erin, our identical twin of the show says orange circle did try on my suit. We'll need to get it tailored to fit more tightly. Also, my older shirt is too big for me now. On the snacking side, it did cheat a little bit more than I wanted to on having sugary stuff, but I think progress is being made. And hey, progress is the exact thing to plan for. You can't be perfect. It's impossible to be perfect. And perfectionism is overrated for something like this. Being able to have some adjustments and be just a little bit better is perfect. The old company that I worked for used to say progress, simple perfection, which was like, that's how they defined what their perfect mindset was, was are you making progress or are you keeping things simple? I like it. Our train enthusiast of the show, Railsy says my Duolingo was mostly kept up apart from a few days missed. Great. Didn't follow up on my follow up to complete my custom journal. Sounds like I need to go back to the basics. I hope we'll have some more to talk about that in a few weeks. It's definitely not time for a systems check yet, but it will be approaching. And hopefully by then I will have my new sidekick notepad to talk about. A sidekick notepad? I have a sidekick notepad. It tells my future. Oh, if only. Speaking of which, I should probably find my sidekick. I got it in the mail and I put it somewhere. I think I know what my connection is going to be for the day. Anyways, Robert, the nameless of the show has connection check. I think that's like the yellow. What is that? Is it a lightning bolt? Is it an M? Part alternation mark. I don't know what that means, but it's yellow. So we're going with that. Though I stated well, oh, I though I stayed well on my habit tracking. I got lost in finding the best app to track this all in. Oh, man. Yeah. Finding that app that is rough, but being able to track it is the important part. So even if for right now, while you're looking, it's just in notes or. Texting yourself. I don't know. Have a discord. That's just for you that you are tracking your things. I don't know. Or on paper, whatever it is doing the tracking is important part. Thank you for sharing. And our panda of the show, James says connection check panda. That also makes me laugh because there is a really funny song by designer. It's called Panda. So now when I hear my when I see James, I have to go Panda Panda Panda. Anyway, OK, so I entirely forgot to do anything for Pi Day. You know, that's that's what we do. But in my defense, it was a busy week. And also your dates are the wrong way around. Yeah. So yeah. So please, we'll be happy to do this on the 14th of month in the third day. Then there, James, we use freedom units around these parts. I'm just kidding. Wow, that was aggressive. But I did go to an exhibition and a book signing with many, many people and overcame my stress about that. Yeah, that sounds absolutely stressful. But also that's really cool. An exhibition and a book signing. I need to I need to do stuff like that. Yeah. This episode of Conduit is brought to you by Micro.Blog. Blogging is still the easiest way to share stuff on the web and Micro.Blog is the easiest way to blog. Personal blogging is making a comeback thanks to all the disruption in social media. So if you have always wanted to build your own place on the internet to keep and share the stuff you love, Micro.Blog is for you. Micro.Blog is the blog you will actually use because we've made it so easy to write short or long blog posts, share photos, keep a log of the books you read, and even create your own podcast. But more than a place to post your stuff, it's also a friendly community of people with a wide range of interests who share and comment via Micro.Blog social timeline, which is managed by humans, not bots. It's the social network you can feel good about. And because Micro.Blog is open, you can use your own domain name, cross post to Twitter, Tumblr, and Mastodon. You can also follow and be followed by Mastodon users directly with conversations threading across both Micro.Blog and Mastodon. And finally, you can share your RSS feed to anyone so they can follow you. I have it on my to-do list to re-sign in to Micro.Blog because I really am looking for a place to be able to write words again that maybe I don't need to have photos or doodles or whatever drawings with. And I swear I'm going to do it one of these days. It will be my connection. But this, as we discussed in last episode, this season of my life is not a season to add new things for it. But on the day that the season is over, I will get that going. And if you too would like to get that going, Micro.Blog hosting starts at just $5 per month. Head to Micro.Blog and sign up for the 30-day free trial. Use the coupon code RELAY and you'll get a special deal. With your standard subscription, you'll get a premium account at no extra charge. That's $5 a month for hosting that includes all our premium features, including podcast hosting. That's a saving of 50%. Our thanks to Micro.Blog for their support of this show and all of Relay FM. And a special thanks to our audio submission of thanks in Welsh from the one, Relsy. If you want to submit a thank you in your native language, and your native language is not English, I should also say probably and not Spanish. I feel like I know how to say that too. Or Japanese. Okay, you know what? Just send it in your language. Listen, if you want to teach us, if you want to teach us how to say thanks in a different language, it may not even be your native language. That's okay. No judgment. Just send us an audio clip and we'll be happy to post it here. But Kathy, Kathy, Kathy, Kathy, Kathy, Kathy, I am so excited that the world of video games is just around me. It's so amazing. I have two video games that I have to tell you about. One, it's a game. The original version of this game came out in about 1987. It was this amazing story. It was a puzzle game that kids in their homeland of Russia would grab these pieces that were in funny shapes and they would put them onto a board and they would try to fill in the board. I don't remember the name of that game, but then an amazing developer by the name of Alexey Pajitnov made this other game that was inspired by that game. That game was called Tetris. Fast forward. The gigantic company that is Apple, in an effort to create another blockbuster hit, has published Tetris, the movie or the series. I will probably not watch it because in all honesty, I know the story of Tetris through and through and they have selected probably the most American-centric drama plot like section of that story to be the actual focus of the series when the story itself is just absolutely amazing. They had all the opportunity in the world to pay homage to someone who literally committed time theft and created one of the greatest games ever made, probably the best-selling game of all time, the most important game of all time, and could not make any money off of it for the longest period of time because he had to give it to the Russian government. The story in itself is so absolutely amazing and they focused on the weird American who tried to take Tetris to the West. It frustrates me so I'm boycotting it in protest, but we're actually not going to talk about that game. I just needed an excuse to yell. But I am talking about one of the greatest other games ever made. Imagine SimCity, the classic game where you build your city and then destroy it with tsunamis. Or try and keep them from burning down. Let's be honest, nobody did that. I did. Oh, Kathy, I'm sorry. But anyway, there's another team of developers that made a different game called City Skylines. I think that game was made in 2015 and in 2023 they have announced City Skylines 2. The reimagining, the modernization of a game that has survived for many years with mods and an entire community was built around it. Kathy, we talked about this a little bit in the post show. By the way, you can hear these juicy nuggets of gem drops in the post show by becoming a member at relay.fm.com or imasuperconductor.com. When we were talking about this, I thought about how both of these games hit a certain part of my brain that is really interesting in that while I'm playing them, there is this early onset level of anxiety that is like I have to make the perfect move. I have to do the best possible options and maximize for points. But when I make a mistake, it is so easy to just destroy that mistake and just keep moving. Or even if I lose in Tetris's sake, I just start another game and it's no big deal. And eventually you get into the mindset of these mistakes are no longer a big deal. What is required of you is the ability to remain flexible and adjust. We talked about this, so I'm going to stop talking now. Kathy, tell us how you adjust in your day to day. Yeah, so this topic and conversation came up because I was lucky enough to be a part of a virtual workshop with a really incredible New York City dance photographer. And one of the things, one of the biggest things that I learned from that day was the fact that I can make adjustments. Now, when I'm photographing a photographer or when I'm photographing a dancer, there's times that the first movement that they do is not, it's not going to be perfect. It might be a technically perfect, you know, arabesque or jump or leap or whatever, but it may not be set to be perfect for the photo. And so we make small adjustments to the dancers so that they're, they look their best. Unfortunately, my brain wasn't letting me make that same almost forgiveness for myself. So I was having this thing where when I set up lights specifically, I need it to be perfect. I need to know exactly where the light is going to go. And if I have to make any changes, especially in the middle of the shoot, well, then I failed. Well, guess what? That's not true. I can make adjustments. What? I have permission to take control of what I'm doing and make these changes so that it will work the way that I want it to work, even if it's not done, you know, quote unquote, correctly the first time. So it's silly that it took, you know, a workshop and somebody else to tell me that it's okay to make those changes. And yet sometimes we need to be told that it's okay to make adjustments, that it's okay to move things around and try something different, even if you might feel or think that it's like you made a mistake and you had to correct it. So of course you're a terrible person, which is not even remotely true. And yes, I lived that this past weekend. I had a couple sessions, but I also did headshots for our local city council. And one of those things that I did was I originally had it set up and I had the lights the way that I thought I'd want it to do. And then the first photographer, the like my first person came in to photograph and I was like, Nope, this is not going to work with a real person. And so I changed it and it was totally fine. Nobody thought I was less of a professional because I made adjustments. I didn't lose any of my talent or years of experience because I made an adjustment for the situation that we were in. So being me, I have to naturally take it to the two things that I think about more than anything, gaming and sports. I think about this in many sports. The thing that makes someone look so great at what they do is the fact that they make it look easy. But what's really happening there is that they are doing a complex thing and adjusting, making tons and tons of adjustments so that it looks easier than it is. And I think about this in terms of some Olympic sports like javelin throws and shot puts. They have to think of things like wind resistance. They have to think of like all of these different things that they do that they just you see them spin around and throw that thing. They've got like 15 things going on in their head and they've had to practice this so many times and make so many adjustments over time. And when you think about golf, which I mean, don't think too hard, you'll fall asleep. Wow, that's mean. But every shot is different depending on where the ball landed. You have to calculate and think about so many things. And the thing that's beautiful about this is that not everything has to make 300 decisions in about five seconds and then execute on them and then adjust based on the results of the last decision. Something like photography is wonderful. I laugh at Kathy every time when we jump into one of our off-week sessions, which you can join by becoming a member at relay.fm.com. I'm in a very silly mood today. I'm diggin it. Don't apologize. Go for it. Keep going. Nailing it. Kathy will jump in and be like, today I have to go through 2,347 photos. And in my mind, I'm like, how many of these photos are actually going up in the catalog? How many of these shots will be in the portfolio? And the answer is 10, 20, 50 if we're lucky. The thing is cameras nowadays are designed for this style of photography of take a bunch of photos and let your expertise shine in the back end. Find that one shot that was one of 15 shots that was taken in a moment. But what was more important is you didn't miss the moment by trying to calculate lighting and everything else. You said, let me put myself in the best situation for this possible. Let me take as many photos as I can and then let me work through that. And that's something that I have really tried to adopt in my development style of just build. Sorry, I was coughing. Let your expertise come through by just building things and talk about them. Like, it doesn't have to be anything special. It doesn't have to be anything fantastic. I literally made two YouTube shorts the other day. One that was like, hey, here's a thing that I learned. And then I did a second short that says, hey, I just posted this thing and I forgot to say something and it's kind of important. So here it is. And the second one outperformed the first one. Oh, literally the like, hey, minor update to this thing that I just said, you can also do this. And it was like, how did you do better than the thing that actually shows you how to do it? And it's like, you don't you don't know these things. And had I just been like, oh, well, I messed up. Let me read, let me redo the entire video instead of just doing another one really quick. Then I would have missed out on that that little opportunity of growth and things. And this is something that I feel like people who are professionals often forget. Just because you're a professional doesn't mean that it's got to be perfect. Just because you did a thing and it was bad doesn't mean that you're not a professional. You can be a professional and do bad things. Trust me, a lot of professionals do bad things. Professional bad people do lots of bad things. Yeah. And for the record, I do when I have the large number of photos, it's because it's actions and events. And I usually keep about 60 percent of those photos just throwing that out there. Not correcting you, but also correcting you. You're not wrong, but you're wrong. It's different when I'm doing the pose shots, but I don't take that many images for my pose sessions. Just throwing that out there. I think it's funny too, because when I watch other people, I don't have the same thought in my brain that I think to myself. So if I'm doing something and somebody, you know, if I'm watching a photographer and I'm seeing them move or make adjustments to lighting or their gear or something, I'm like, oh, they saw something was wrong and fixed it. Why can't I give myself that same permission to make adjustments? Why does my brain immediately need to be jarred? And I am like, oh no, I'm a terrible person because I didn't get it right the first time. Well, that's silly. Yeah, I genuinely believe that competition of any kind is just adjusting to adjustments. What makes you great is you did a thing, now you have to adjust to the thing. And then the people around you are also adjusting to the thing that you adjusted to. So now you're adjusting to the adjustments that were made because of the adjustments that the other people adjusted to. And it was, to me, it's a dance. It really feels like a dance. Anyone that is in their element, anyone that hits that state of, I guess we call it flow, it is seeing the things happen in real time and adjusting as they come. And I really, I've grown to appreciate my job in some ways. But I also think that going back to the conversation last week of being prepared for those things, I think that you stop and you take all those measurements in the preseason. You stop and you do all that stuff when you're preparing your jar. You adjust on the fly, but you make sure that you have all the things available to you. A great YouTuber, who I forgot is, it's not Dan. The YouTube channel is called Punished Props. He was talking about the reason why creators have all of these amazing tools that do one specific thing and cost $80,000. It's like, hi, this is a screwdriver that is curved because it's designed to fit into this one spot on this one device. And they only sell three a year, which is why they cost $80,000. When I think about that, I think about that in the aspect of you are getting all of these pieces together in your preseason so that when you need them, you can reach for them. You're making sure that you have, in terms of photography, you have lightroom and whatever photography apps that you choose to use. I haven't done photography in years and don't intend on doing it. No, just keep going, naming words. I'm entertained. It's great. Sure, yeah. You make sure that you have your soft boxes and things. It helps with all those things so that you can quickly make those adjustments and you have them on the ready for you. I finally figured out my Stream Deck pedal and I will say, being able to quickly switch microphones, switch outputs, and turn on and off my lighting without having to move my hands and do stuff and just hit a button with my foot, like to me, I don't have it right underneath me. I have it off to the side. I just let my left foot do all the work. But I had to adjust to make that happen because I was kicking the thing repeatedly in the middle of meetings. You just hear, and then all of a sudden stuff would go flying off the desk. But I took time outside of those calls and I just said, all right, let me adjust. Let me prepare this. Let me make sure I have things set up for me. I feel like the last two episodes have really... This episode is what we said at the end of the show that the people who missed the post show finally gets to hear as we were stumbling our way through the show that was last week. This is the adjustment to the last episode. We are adjusting on the fly. It's fine. Everything's fine. Speaking of adjusting on the fly, Kathy, how are you adjusting your connection for this next upcoming conduit? Yeah, I'm adjusting my connection to adjust my office. I finally have two weekends in a row where I don't have to go anywhere. I have spent, I swear, every weekend this last month going somewhere for at least one day, if not longer. This past weekend, I was gone from Thursday till late Saturday. So two weekends where I have no big, long multi-hour plans, well, except for podcasting TPK on Saturday. Come and check it out on the Acoperables YouTube channel, words and things. But I'm also having a birthday on Sunday, which I'm very excited about. That being said, my office is a disaster in a way that cannot be stated enough that it's not dirty, I will say. There's no messed up food. Okay, okay, Jay, never mind. Okay, but it's not that I don't have anything planned. It's not that I'm not going. Okay, okay, fine. Stop making it bigger. What you can't see is Jay has text in our doc that he just keeps making bigger and bigger to intimidate me to change my connection to be something else. So fine, I am going to be taking a break. Each day on these next two weekends, I will spend multiple hours doing nothing that I need that needs to get done. How about that? That sounds like a great connection, Kathy. I'm so glad that you're taking this time that you have a break to actually take a break. Cyberbullying, as James says, but it's fine. I need it. That's awesome. Well, for me, it's business as usual. As I mentioned in my connection last week, it is the start of the madness and the madness begins. My entire next three weeks are bombarded with a lot of coding, a lot of preparing things, and a lot of getting on camera and promotion for upcoming nerd event things that are happening. I understand that I'm going to need a mental check out. I haven't decided because I got my nails done and I really love this color. They're really nice and I will send photos. Or actually, I think I put some on Twitter. I know some people are boycotting Twitter because of the Twitter of it all. I haven't decided if I'm going to get a mani-pedi. I don't know if I'll need it or not, but what I will do is at least do either that or a massage. I'll do one or the other. I don't know which one. Or both? Probably not both. I'll do one or the other. Let's be realistic with our intentions. It was absolutely phenomenal. That was actually what I was going to say earlier. It was shout out to M. Blush in lovely Pasadena, California for taking time out to let me go and get my nails done because I showed up an hour early. No. No, it was fine. I showed up because someone that I was supposed to be going with had an appointment and they canceled their appointment. I knew that there was going to be an opening and I wanted to fill that opening. I will add a picture of the color to the chat. Oh, that is a great color. Kind of like a teal turquoise. Yes, exactly. With shine. Love it. I don't want to get rid of it and it definitely doesn't look bad enough to change it. So yes, either mani-pedi or massage. We've got to figure out which one. What about our conductors? Our conductors. Excuse me while I scroll down three pages past my connection. Hold on. Let me. There you go. Fixed it. Now I've got to scroll back up. It's fine. Everything's fine. Our blue dragon of the show, Skylar, says, say hello to spring and attempt to reorient to my current theme. I thought spring was an animal. There's going to be a picture of a cat or something. March did come in like a lion. It is raining here and I need my roof done and they can't start until it stops raining. So right now spring can shove it. But I know someone who can't shove it. Well, I mean, I don't know if they can or not, but I'm not telling them to. Logang, the mountain dweller of the show. Next connection. Our return to regular life is on the horizon. Create a minimum viable morning routine to keep the core. Mind, body, and soul happy and healthy. I love it. Might take that one day. Good. Erin, our identical twin of the show. Next connection. Start digging into hiking options for my trip to Alberta coming up in June. Well, I don't love hiking, but I love that you get to plan something that you enjoy doing in a new place. Our trade enthusiast of the show, Relsie, says, keep up my Duolingo and find how to actually build up habits that work for me. We're going to keep it simple this time. I like that. Keeping it simple. Yeah. Nameless of the show, Robert's next connection. Stick to my current app for habit tracking for one conduit and use the information as a baseline. Once I have the base, I will allow myself to switch if I really want to. Yes. Having like not just jumping off of an app because, you know, it's not exactly what you wanted, but having that baseline, getting it, you know, that foundation in place so you can turn around and then work harder to get things done. I'm super excited to hear how it goes. And our last one is perfect, which is from the panda of the show, James, who says, remember to write my connection check in time for the next show so I'm not scrambling to think of something like I am right now. If you would like to submit a connection and do it before the last minute, you can do so in the relay FM discord in the hashtag show follow up channel by starting your message with the conduit emoji and putting your connection after. You can also submit feedback by clicking the link in the show notes or using the submit feedback button at relay.fm slash conduit slash feedback. And last but not least, visit I'm a super conductor.com. That is a letter I letter M letter a superconductor dot com to become a member today and get access to the pre and post show banter and ad free episode and a co-working session in the off weeks with Kathy and Jay. This post show we are doing the Disney movie bracket and it is going to be absolutely amazing because Jay is avid known Disney hater and that means there has to be a choice of what is the best Disney movie of all time. And you can join in on things like that at I'm a superconductor dot com and become a member today. Lastly, check out you can wear it dot com for some great conduit merch and thank you to micro dot blog for sponsoring this week's episode. Kathy, did we do it? Heck yeah, Jay. We can't get it. Hold on. I was adjusting to you. I thought you were going to say no. I need to adjust really quick. Okay, cool. Great. Awesome. Thanks. Okay. Bye.