---
description: "When life gives you rain and a leaky roof, a flooded backyard, and other
  stresses, go outside with a bowl of cheerios and feed some ducks.  \r\n\r\nVisit
  IMASuperconductor.com to hear the aftershow where Jay and Kathy rank board games"
pub_date: April 6th, 2023
title: "46: Feed the Ducks \U0001F986"
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/46
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we can do our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that is the rainbow after a rainstorm in your life. This episode is brought to you by Memberful. I'm Kathy and I guess I have to introduce my co-host Jay even though he has created some very terrible brain worms by opening diffusion B and sharing some things. Well, you know what I'm doing now. Those that might hear the pitter patter of a keyboard knows that we're looking up brain worms and typing that in. Oh no, oh no. If you want to know kind of what we're talking about, because I swear this does have context, become a Conduit member, become a superconductor and you can get the pre-show in your podcast app of choice to listen to if you missed it live. Or you can listen to us live. Here we go. I'm doing the promotion stuff first apparently because that's where I am. So we record this show live every fortnight on Discord and you can join us, hang out in the Discord, hang out in the chat and be exposed to some of our behind the scenes shenanigans. And if you want to experience this fun but can't join us live, you can use our special superconductor feed to you get with your membership. You will also receive an email with a link to our off week co-working session. There's last week, we got to meet a new superconductor who is in the chat right now. We're so excited that they're here. And also we discussed different apps and music options like while sleeping, studying or trying to think. I've downloaded three new ones. We're doing great here. All to be productive, all to be awesome and the best self that you can be. And Jay, we missed you at the last co-working session, but you'll be here next week, right? Yeah, I should be. This past week I had a lot of things happening including a bunch of people with nail guns on top of my roof, incessantly driving roofing tiles onto the ceiling with much ferocity. And when I say that no one would have wanted me there, because I was not having a good brain day because of the sound of the drumming, those that know, know. But yeah, it was a lot. And also brain worms. Oh man. Yeah, yeah. But we missed that you were there, but not with the audio. But come and join us next week, which will be April 11th at 10 a.m. Pacific time. If you are a superconductor, you will get an email and it will definitely not be an hour before the call because I now have a reminder and a calendar event to send that email. So you'll get it a little bit earlier and hopefully with the correct time, because I think daylight savings time is over. So now there should be no changes for that. Hey Jay, do you have any shout outs? I do. So this past Saturday was trans day of almost of invisibility, which I mean, if trans people had superpowers and invisibility was one of them, I would that would be interesting. It was Trans Day of Visibility. And as I try to remember to do every year, I took some time to recognize some of the amazing folks in my life that have really brought awareness to a lot of the things happening. Obviously right now, world kind of sucks. A lot of things happen, especially in the country in the US where both of us live. And so I'm taking my shout out today to recognize one, all of the super amazing trans people that are in my life. I've learned a ton from them. One in particular being the super awesome dynamic duo that is the voices behind Two-Headed Girl. If you have ever thought or needed support or just needed to learn or grow, then I would highly suggest checking it out because it is absolutely amazing. I don't identify as trans, but yet I have enjoyed every episode and learned absolutely so much and how to be a better ally and so many other things. And that's it because I don't know how to end this. So yeah, shout out to the folks there. And yes, shout out to all the amazing trans folks. I see you and hopefully I can be a great ally for you in this very, very jacked up world that we all live in. Absa-flicant, flipping, flicking? Absa-flicing? Absa-flicing-lutely is apparently a phrase that I'm now saying. We can say all of these nice things about Alex because they're listening to the podcast, but because they're driving, they can't come and yell at us in the chat. So I feel like your timing was impeccable. So well done, Jay. My shout out is to the feedback we received from Ruby a little bit ago. And I wanted to kind of call this out with the idea of having future conversations, future topics, but with a caveat that Jay is not a reader and we're going to put that out here. But Ruby said that they've been listening to old Cortex book club episodes and would love to see a conduit spin on the idea. Especially more diverse stories and authors and things like sexism or racism in the workplace and how to overcome it. So if you have any suggestions for books that cover this, let us know. Unsurprisingly, we're having a harder time finding these books that exist. And so we're going to talk to our amazing conductors to see about sharing that information with us. So if you have a book that you recommend, go ahead and either send us a message on discord or you can use the feedback form, which if you go to relay.fm slash conduit slash feedback, there is a little place that you can fill it out there. You can also click the link in the show notes and it should take you to a feedback or you can send us an email to conduit FM at gmail.com. And it is something that we are looking forward to doing a future episode on. Probably Jay won't read it, but I can read it and explain it to him a little bit. Maintenance phase books kit, if books could kill type of a thing, which are two great podcasts that I highly recommend. But let me know what you think and we'll get through there. And then I also wanted to call out our newest conductor, Fish Bear, of the show, who made a comment that he's working through our archive and just got to the low flying airplane noises. It won't go away. It's just one of the best things I've ever heard. I love it. Oh, man. The things that you put on the Internet to be recorded forever. I'll tell you what I know. I love it. It makes me so happy that it is living. You know, the longevity of that tick tock just makes me so happy. And the fact that it exists in conduit is just fantastic. I love it so much. Hey, Kathy, before we get into before we get into connection checks, I'm sorry, I might feel I might sound a little mellowed out right now. For those that don't know, I just had I'm about to travel again soon and I just had to I just got another covid jab yesterday, so I'm a little groggy. So I'm just going to take a minute to like shake it out a little bit and hopefully get a little bit. OK, that's better. I feel better now. OK, keep going. Sorry. OK, that was weird, but I love it. It's all good. You know what? Actually, that's a great idea. Before we go to connections, let's everybody just stand up. We're going to have we're going to have a little bit of a audio audio break, audio break. No, everyone, keep listening. If you're driving, do not driving. Don't stand up. Don't close your eyes or anything. But we're going to like stand up and just have a couple just little stretches because my hips were hurting really bad, too, and I needed to stand up. Javier, keep this in and any of the sounds of moving and stuff. And I want everyone to bend one direction. Let's bend the other direction. And then we're going to dance, dance a little bit, move your hands, arms, legs, head, whatever you feel like moving. OK. OK, yeah. Yeah. Every so often, you know what? It's fine. It's good to kind of get out of a slump, shall we say, and kind of shake things up, if you will. Oh, OK. I feel better now. Where were we? I think well, first we were going to say, hey, Jay, if somebody wanted to be a superconductor and hear all of our hilarious tellings and pre-show banter and post-show banter, where would somebody go? Letter I, letter M, letter A, superconductor.com. That is the place to go. And of course, Kathy, what if people wanted to put some of the best I'm a superconductor swag on their body and rock it as if they were going to their favorite concert? Ooh, you can go to UConnWearIt.com or follow the links in the show notes below or above, depending on how you're listening to this. You know, directions are difficult when I don't know where you're coming from. But either way, UConnWearIt.com will take you. The suits are traveling. They'll be in California for dub dub. We got to we got to convince them. We need those conduit capes and we can only do it if you connwear it. So go to UConnWearIt.com and let's make those capes a reality. Heck yeah. All right, Jay, let's zoom into connection check. Zzzzap! Nice, nice foley work there. What, how did you do on your connection this last fortnight? So before we get started, I'm going to say I'm calling this yellow. We've discussed this a lot and it is yellow. My connection was to either get a massage or a mani-pedi. Reasons being that I want to treat myself. 2011. Treat yourself! I knew that was going to happen. So I did not do this. However, I spent a much greater than usual amount of time trying to think about how, where, what, when, why, all of the all of the letters that go into making that thing a reality. Now I could do this, but at this point I already have an appointment scheduled for when I travel to go get a mani-pedi with a friend. And if I get it now, then it won't make sense to go do that thing then. Now yes, I could do a massage and then, you know, all this stuff, but I would much rather do that when I get back from traveling because I go to conferences. I stand on my feet for like days on end talking to a bunch of people and being stressed out. And that mani-pedi or that massage would really go nice after all of that where I can just decompress and relax. So because I thought about it, because I gave myself the ability to think about my self-care for way more than I usually would, but I technically did not do it, I am going to give myself the yellow circle. Yeah. I think if we had gone through and if the note had been schedule a massage or mani-pedi, you would have gotten a green. But we're good with the yellow. Yeah. Absolutely. What about you, Kathy? How many breaks did you take? Okay, okay. Listen, I know you're giving me grief in the pre-show about still doing things because I had said at the end of the last show that I did not have any dancing scheduled, but I still had other things that I had to do slash got to do. But I did do... Sorry, you texted me and I got distracted. Yes, I did take a lot of breaks. In fact, I sent proof of that in the Discord as well because I made choices and decisions on the weekends to try and not do work unless it absolutely had to be done, including the fact that I'm now behind on some things, but it's okay. I am giving myself grace. I am giving myself some peace at it and still working on getting all the stuff done that needs to happen in this as discussed very busy season of my life. So I am giving myself a green checkmark because I did take multiple breaks and I'm very proud of myself for taking those breaks and very specifically making choices to take those breaks. So yes, green checkmark for me. What about our conductors? Well, let's start with the train enthusiast of the show, Relsie. They said, green heart Duolingo is going well. I think I've worked out how to build up habits, but there's work on how to apply that for the short and long term. Something something something to tell me something to track it, something to make me accountable for it and not leave it for later. I don't know what the something something something something you can do it. There we go. Yes. Yes. Perfect. Our identical twin of the show, Aaron says connection check green apple reached out to a colleague who does a lot of hiking out West to get some ideas slash confirmation on trails I want to do. You'll need to plan out the options day to day, but I'm happy with my progress. Yes, I think that sounds well, the thought of hiking sounds terrible, but the fact that you are doing some steady planning is perfection. Well done. Then our panda of the show, James said green checkmark. OK, my connection last time was right this week's connection. So technically I can't put the green checkmark until I finish typing the whole thing, but I'm a rebel. I did, however, successfully go to an actual cinema this week in an attempt to rejoin society and I consider that a win. Hey, I like that. That's awesome. And yeah, way to go. Writing the thing that made it good. Our nameless of the show, Robert says connection check green book. I was able to contain myself and maintain my habit tracking to one app. You can't did it. Well done. Our forever blue dragon of the show said yellow square. I'm in the middle of what is regularly the worst weeks of the school year. Didn't have time to think much about my theme, but I'm not going to beat myself up about it. Try it. Try not to don't try to be so blue about it. You know, I think I think there's a lot that you can do that's worse. And, you know, honestly, the things that we'll talk about later in the show, I think we'll even help with that. So, yeah, I guess I timely. Yeah. Sorry for being blue, but I guess stay blue then. Our oracle of the show. So says connection check green heart. I've taken a day off every week since my last connection, sometimes a whole weekend. Yes. So so proud of you. That's incredible. Our code monkey of the show programmer says connection check green check mark. I discipline myself to use my system every day. Way to go. That's all I got. It's way to go. Sorry. Way to go. Well, yeah. All right. This episode of Conduit is brought to you by our good friends over at memberful. Memberful is the easiest way to start selling memberships to your audience, letting you build sustainable recurring revenue and is used by some of the biggest independent creators on the web. Maybe your business's financial situation has changed in the past couple of years and you need a proven solution that's quick to launch so you can stabilize your business and grow. Memberful has everything you need to run a membership program, including a streamlined and powerful checkout, an easy to use member portal, transactional emails and a member management dashboard. I freaking love using memberful and being able to send out our emails to our superconductors for the co-working time. It's so easy to go in and just I click a couple of buttons to make sure that I have picked the right packages, send the email. Boom, it's done. And it's so simple. And the best part is, is every time, you know, anyone that signs up, cancels, whatever, it does all of that thinking for me. So I don't have to think, okay, let me check, make sure that this person that emailed me, like I said, it just makes it simple. We don't have to overthink it. I just get contacts out to the people that I want to get contacts out to. Memberful seamlessly integrates with the tools you already have, including MailChimp, WordPress, Stripe, Discord, and more. With memberful, you're always in the driving seat. After all, it's your audience and your brand. For example, payments go directly into your own Stripe account. Get started for free. No credit card required. Go to memberful.com slash conduit. Go there now. Check it out. Memberful.com slash conduit could be the start of something exciting. Thanks to memberful for their support of this show and all of Relay FM. And after every ad read, I say thank you in a different language. Today we are saying it in Assamese, and I'm sorry if I mess this up. Tanya Ben. Nice. All right. It's topic time. Jay, how did this topic come about? So, we talked about the roofers on the roof doing things. And for those that know the journey that is the roofing saga, I've been trying to get my roof replaced for the last month, and actually more than a month at this point. And it's finally done. The roof is finally done. We got a new roof. It's great. I actually got to sit in the rain on my patio, my roofed patio, and look at the rain fall down, not on my head, which is great. But the delay was because where I live in California has just had ridiculous amounts of rain. And I'm mad. I pay taxes so that we don't have to deal with this weather, and we had to deal with this weather. So, I'm hoping to get a refund on my tax payments this year. Don't know how well that's going to go, but we'll see. Good luck. The reason this is a problem is that where I live, it doesn't rain a lot, which means our terrain isn't really designed for lots of rain. There were lots of sinkholes. Especially when you have a roof that needs to be replaced. Yes. Luckily, they said the structure underneath the roof wasn't really that bad. It was just apparently the patio because someone did a rush job on that. But yeah, so that's awesome. But yeah, our backyards don't have proper drainage. So when it rains a lot, water collects. And friends, when I say that I had a swimming pool level, I showed Kathy the videos. Actually, I might share the videos with chat once I stop talking and Kathy starts talking. But there was an absolute pool of water in the backyard. And all of this has been really stressful. Again, I've got this trip that I'm going on. It's probably one of the biggest opportunities for me in my career in a long time. So I'm a little anxious about it. I've been trying to prepare. People with nail guns on the roof doing stuff. It raining, so it delays that stuff. I could not get a break. And then I don't know what led me to do it, but I looked out the window and believe it or not, there were two ducks sitting in the weather made pool in my backyard. And I lost it. And I said, you know what? I'm going to go feed some ducks. And yeah, I went to the kitchen. We didn't have any bread that I wanted to sacrifice to the ducks. I'm gluten free. Which for the record, you shouldn't for the record, don't feed ducks bread. OK, so yeah, so I didn't give him bread because apparently bread bad. And also my daughter would be upset if I took all of her sandwich bread. So but what I had was a thing of Cheerios. And after a quick Google of can you feed a duck Cheerios? It was me a bowl of Cheerios and two ducks. And I sat there and fed those ducks for a good 15 minutes. And I just felt so much peace come come about me at that point. So yes, we are talking about the two ducks. What what do you have? The duck. What the duck? Do you have them? Do you need them? Can you feed them Cheerios like Kathy? Have have you ever needed two ducks to disgrace your backyard? Well, I am lucky enough to live by a pond slash wetlands area. So I can go feed many ducks, not in my backyard, which is probably good because the cat probably would not leave the ducks alone. But if I walk two minutes, I am at the pond. And let me tell you, I have done that so many times. There's even a little like seat bench thing to sit on and just kind of watch them. There's a neighbor that like, I don't I don't know if it's food that they specially prepare or if it's leftovers or what that kind of dumps some food for them to go in and do it. But I have never actually brought stuff to feed the ducks. And I think that I might need to do so. I think there's like not beans, but peas. I am going to Google and do my research and find out the best food to feed the ducks, because not only are there ducks like regular mallard ducks, but there's a variety of several like other varietals of ducks that live out there, as well as geese and some nutria. So I'm going to gather some food items. And one of these days when it stops raining, oh, today there's sunshine outside. Maybe I'll go today and go feed the ducks, because I could really use a break. And I think that was the the big thing that we wanted to maybe talk about today was like, if you don't have ducks in your backyard and I'm loving that we have people in the chat that are like, oh, yeah, I don't have ducks, but I could go feed squirrels. Squirrels are basically land ducks, which I think ducks are basically land ducks. I mean, they exist on both. Don't don't don't don't over complicate. Yeah, OK. But, you know, having having an outlet. And we talked about this before, just, you know, being overwhelmed or being over overwhelmed and just having a thing that you can go to. For me, we've talked about this before. We say it all. Let's all say it together. Tetris. Yeah. But like sometimes you need the like the beyond normal thing. You need the beyond my go to. Sometimes the go to isn't worth going to at the moment. And you need something that's a little bit heavier. It's like someone who drinks decaf coffee. And all of a sudden they're like, no, give me give me like a double espresso shot. Whoa. Oh, my gosh. That would be scary to have a decaf person take a double espresso shot. But, yeah, I I think. One of the things that we talk about, you know, obviously we love we love our absolutely wonderful tire metaphor here. And I think that this is. This is like a reinflation device. This is a when when you are tired, your tire is exhausted, when there is no more air in them, you feel deflated. I think. And I was just going to say, and for anyone that might be new, our tire method will link the episode that talks about it. But it is using time, intuition, resources and energy to figure out if you should or can do something. And I think this is a perfect example of using it not to make a decision on whether you should add something to your list. But maybe should you take a break? And if you need a reminder of that, you can go to Yukon where it dot com. And we have wonderful tire stickers. But but yeah, this was absolutely one of those moments where my tire was completely empty. And I didn't even realize it like I didn't see, because, like you said, it wasn't one of those things where it was like, hey, can you do something else? Like, I knew that, no, I couldn't do something else. But like, I think it got to a point where I couldn't even do the things that I was already doing. Yeah. And I really just appreciate like when life gives you lemons, go take Cheerios into the backyard and feed the ducks like that. That's what you do. And you mentioned feeding them maybe beans. I think I put this in our notes. Originally, I was going to feed them edamame beans. And I call them edamame beans because my daughter calls them edamame beans. Which is I know that's not what they are. But every time I hear it. And she got that from Bluey. So shout out to Bluey for once again, bringing a little bit to Bluey. Yeah. Bringing a little bit of joy into our world. But yes, we had some frozen edamame beans. And yeah, I didn't. I felt bad. I was like, I don't know if you can feed a duck a frozen bean. That could be bad. That could end up. Actually, in the in the list of what to feed ducks from the Frisco Public Library, which was for some reason the number one post in my Google search. Shout out to Frisco. Yeah. Frozen peas is one of the things that I knew about the frozen peas. But like a pea and a bean are very different in size. Yeah, but it's an edamame. That's like two peas. Similar. I don't know. Listen, I am not a duck scientist. I'm sure there is a fancy word for bird. Scientist, doctor, study year person. But this is not the time that I'm going to I'm going to like figure that out. I have some oats that I think I will take after we record this show. And that's going to be fun because I need a break. And sometimes it's we all know you our listeners are probably tired of hearing us say take a break, even if we require a co-host of the show to tell us to take a break. But I think it's necessary that we have to keep reminding everyone that it's OK to take breaks. And not only is it OK, but you need to. And and having a specific purpose to the break, going and feeding the ducks can kind of help support your brain in that it's a productive thing. Yes, the ducks will not like they're OK if you don't don't feed them today. Like they're they're going to be fine. If you can only do it for three minutes or 30 minutes, like whatever time frame that you can, you can go and spend some time with yourself and with the ducks. And I think this is a good reminder of being able to sit and. Have that purpose, take some time, listen to music, take a breather. And then you can go back and be recharged in a way that just being told, take a break, doesn't really help. For the record, if someone messaged me once a week that said, hey, I don't know what you're doing, but right now, take a break. That would be absolutely fantastic. I'm not asking people to do this. I'm just saying it would be fantastic. But also, I hope that this show is that break that, you know, you can rely on. So if you are listening to this and you've been thinking about, oh, I should probably go take a break. This is this is your your friend saying, hey, I don't know what you're doing right now, but I think you should go take a break. Except not right now because we're recording a podcast. I mean, you can. Well, yeah, I can't take a break. But but yeah, I mean, even if you even if you pause it for a couple of seconds, go find some ducks, feed them. You know, they like Cheerios. I have learned that. But yeah, I there's there's so much and I get I get a little frustrated with like the not the like if you're not at your desk, it's like time theft thing. But as someone who made a career out of not being at their desk, then I would say I do my best work either when I'm not at my desk or right when I'm getting back to my desk. So yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If you have a moment to to refresh your brain, it helps you work better. Yeah, it's it's science. Listen, I'm not an ornithologist, which thankfully are code monkey. No, no, no, no, no, no. It's from now on, duck scientist. OK, well, yes, no, I will continue. But I wanted to make the statement that I am aware now what a duck scientist is called. But you like just just do the things. Do it. You can do it. Yes. So speaking of doing it, my ducks are gone now. I can't feed them. What am I going to do? I think you need to find other ducks. Or squirrels or deer or puppies or. Other birds, can we not turn my house into like Dr. Doolittle? I am not saying that you need to bring the animals home or even do it in your house. I am not bringing the ducks to my house. I am going to go to the ducks and collect billable hours. Thank you, James. Oh. Anyway, I think I am going to think about what I'm going to do next using the power of the connection check. Peppa Pou. And my connection check will be not to feed the ducks, not now. I'm not I'm not going to feed the ducks. Well, but I am going to have a have a day with my daughter. Like this is this is a thing that like I know that she she doesn't like it when I'm gone for an extended period of time. I I think, you know, I'm recording this. We'll have one more episode before I leave. But like quite literally, I'm leaving the very next day after we record that next episode. So there won't be much time after. So, yeah, I'm going to I have some days that I need to take as like vacation. So I I think I'm going to take one of those and just get out of the house, take my little one and maybe we go find some ducks, but we'll probably do something different. I think there will be ice cream. Oh, there should always be ice cream. There should always be ice cream. I had goat cheese ice cream this week. Oh, yeah. So good. It was goat cheese, apricot and saffron. And it was technically gelato, but it was so good. Yum. I am a huge fan of cheese in ice cream. Thank you, salt and straw for breaking me. I like the pear and blue cheese. Shout out. Shout out to Ann's dry cleaning for the amazing gelato. And yes, that is Ann's dry cleaning. Don't worry, there will be a link in the show notes. Amazing. My connection will be. OK, so this weekend is my studio's championships for the dancers. Oh, big day. I am hecka nervous. We leave Thursday morning and come back Sunday. It's a long weekend and it's going to be full of emotions and hopefully good ones. But I am extremely nervous. And I know most of the dancers aren't as nervous right now, but it will hit them. And so I am going to have a connection of finding ways to support the nerves of others and feed back the calm to myself, too. So it's going to be more than just take a break. I'm not going to just, you know, stay calm. I will bring my towel, don't worry. But I want to make sure that I can see about spreading calmness to our large group of people, because everyone's going all like 80 of us, except for the five people that are going to prom instead, which prom right after spring break, all of us are very angry. It's fine. So finding ways to keep everyone calm and at peace is going to be my connection. Oh, yes. Good job, Ramon. I will bring Cheerios. That's actually really good. Throw Cheerios at the competitors. Yes. No, that's looked down upon. We are being good competitors. If they slip on a Cheerio, it's not your fault. No, Jay. No one will know. They'll crush it. No. You started typing bring, and I immediately thought you were going to type in bring Cheerios. But as far as our conductors go, the shark of the show, Chris, says, I just realized that I have not posted connection in about two months. Welcome back. My connection for the next conduit is to redevelop my task management system. Talk to programmer. Apparently, he's got a system now. I have 11 projects across two work sites and staying on the right task at the right time will be critical. I can't tell you to just take or borrow programmers, but I will say if you're interested in learning from people who have systems and have themes, we do have a systems and themes channel in our Discord, which you can use by becoming a member at letter I, letter M, letter A, superconductor.com. Nice. Our train enthusiast of the show, Raelzy, says new connection. Keep up the Duolingo. Find one of the one of those steps. Maybe it's paper. I just need to deal with the fact that there will be errors on the paper. Maybe it's an app like do. Who knows? I can't wait to see what you figure out. You can Duolingo. Oh, our identical twin of the show, Aaron, says, now that my sports are wrapped up for a month until I start softball, I want to get running twice a week for a 5K and mix in high intensity interval training and strength workouts. Yes. Run, jump, lift, do the do the strong things. Be the buff baby doing clean snatches in the discord. No, no. Her panda of the show, James, says my usual connection of not overdoing things for the next few weeks. If I repeat it often enough, maybe I will actually listen. And James, I will ask you to James, James, James, take a break. Take a break. Our nameless show for the summer. No, state. Oh, see, now. Now we can't put this on YouTube. We're going to get copyright stricken. Oh, like I sound like any of them. The nameless of the show, Robert, says set apart time every week while the weather is nice to go feed the dog. No, to go walking in the park that is close to my house. There might be ducks there. There is a there is a lot that I have on my plate this quarter, and I need to make sure I have dedicated time to let my brain be. I'm guessing that was quiet, but it says be quiet. Yes. Again, bring Cheerios. You never know when a duck sighting might happen or frozen peas or eat a mommy beans. Blue Dragon of the show, Skyler, says once again, just survive the next two weeks. You can do it. Please. And thank you. Our oracle of the show, Sof says meditate three times a week. I've fallen off the meditation wagon again, but three times a week is doable. You can do it. Also, take a break. Just saying it. Just saying it now. Just saying it. Our new conductor, Fish Bear of the show, New Connection. There are two specific things I need to get to a place where I can finish as soon as I get one last piece from someone else. So I should do that. Yes, you should. And the fact that you know what those two things are is helpful. So you can get that last little bit and rocket forward. I'm super excited to see how that goes. And our code monkey of the show programmer says New Connection. Keep this up. In grain the habit. Keep the system alive. Take a break. Oh, no, not that part. But yeah, all the other stuff. You can do it. Yeah. If you would like to submit a connection, you can do so in the relay discord in the hashtag show follow up channel by starting your message with a condo and emoji and putting your connection after. You can also send your connection through feedback or submit any other feedback by clicking the link in the show notes or using the submit feedback button at relay dot FM slash conduit or going straight to relay dot FM slash conduit slash feedback. Visit I am a superconductor dot com to become a member today to get access to pre and post show banter, an ad free episode and a co-working session in the off weeks with Jay and I. Jay, what's our topic for our post show today? Let's give a little teaser. Well, after we did the phenomenal Disney Pixar movie bracket today, we're attacking the tier list. This time we are tiering and ranking our board game challenges. Which one will be the best game ever? Which one will never make it off the shelf at Walmart? Fine. Stay tuned and find out. Absolutely. And lastly, check out UConnwearit dot com for some great conduit merch. Thank you to member full for sponsoring this week's episode. Hey, Jay, did we can do it? Quack. I think that translates to yes, we can do that. Quack, quack.