---
description: 'Jay is on location for a secret project so Kathy pulls in her other
  favorite cohost: Alex Cox! They both go deep into mental health in the workplace
  and how it affects everything.'
pub_date: June 1st, 2023
title: '50: Friendship HIPAA'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/50
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we can do our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that occasionally trades in a host, but only for very good reasons. This episode is brought to you by Memberful. I'm Kathy, and with me today is that most amazing robotic human that I adore so much. It's Alex Cox. Hello, Alex. Hello, bloop bloop. I'm so glad to be here and honored that I get to be a stand in for Jay this week. Yes. He is traveling home as we speak, in fact, today, May 30th, from an undisclosed location for a secret project that I'm sure he will tell us all about in two weeks, or at least as much as he can legally say, because of course it's a secret project, which means it's secret. But that's okay, because I have Alex here to keep me on track. So just a couple episodes ago, we started doing a This Week in the Discord and last week in our co-working session. And so I wanted to kind of hop in to say that the Discord this week is all about dub dub. It's hardcore. Hashtag Apple is hopping constantly. Can't wait to see how it is next week. But also the media section is really big, because we've got a ton of shows whose seasons are ending or series finales going on. And so there's constantly like some shows have multiple threads to talk about specific things and we've got games because of course Zelda is out and everyone's doing their Zelda things and just all sorts of exciting stuff. And then last week in our co-working session, all of the superconductors helped Ray Z work on his CV, which for non-European people, that means his resume, including making decisions on present versus past tense. What do you think? Do you use present or past tense when defining like your job status or information or like what you're doing in your job? I think that it should be like past tense unless you're actively doing it. So for a job that you're currently working, you can have both past and present tense, depending on if you actively are working on it. But I'd love to know what you think. So hang out in the Discord with us and let us know. If any of those things sound like fun, you can visit I am a superconductor.com to become a member today. Whoo Alex, let's get started with our- That was beautiful. Oh, thank you. It's like I'm a professional podcaster. I know. Wow. All right. Are you ready to zap for me? Yes. Do I just, I don't know if there's anything behind the scenes or if it's just a zap. You just zap from your soul. Okay, so I'm going to say, let's do our connection checks and you're going to zap for me. Okay. All right. It's time for connection checks. Zap. Oh, that was a really good one. Sorry Javier for blowing out my mic. We love you Javier. Okay, so my connection a month ago was to quote unquote walk it out, which was basically to take the dog on a walk every day if I was home. I am giving myself an orange circle because I did it a fairly significant amount of times. However, when I was gone for the last dance competition for the week, I came back so tired that I just kind of like forgot that this was my connection because it had been a month. So like, you know, my brain just kind of ignored it and I forgot until yesterday. Yeah, because a head must, you know, be totally on top of all things when around like a ton of teenagers and then especially very talented teenagers, your mind should be totally fresh. I don't know why that's exhausting. Not exhausting whatsoever. Wow. Yeah. I'm exhausted thinking about it. But I, you know, I'm not giving myself a red X because I hedged my bets anyways, like I do to make sure that I'm taking advantage of reality. Alex, how did your connection go? Oh man, speaking of reality, that's a difficult thing for me to live in and we'll talk about that later in the episode. But my connection was to apologize to a friend of Really FM's Switch on Merlin Mann, who is my co-host and works with me on a number of projects because my brain just hasn't worked well in the past year because of, you know, mental health stuff. And I was like, there's an implied apology and an implication of I've messed up, but because it's a health thing, there's, you know, he'll never be mad. Right. He'll be less mad than a normal person and not make me feel bad. Any more guilty than you would give yourself. Actually, probably I would say less guilty than you would do for yourself. And I just, we have always had this, also because he, you know, talking about ADHD is also part of his job. So you know, that also affects us to some degree, but not as much as my stuff does. So yeah, we've just always had a standing that became less understood, I guess. The more you sort of mess up and the more your brain changes, the more difficult it is for the other person because people can't, you know, as much as I would love people to read my brain, nope, take that back. Nope. Nope. Don't want to do that. Nope. Nope. As there was like a small part of my brain I wish people could check on. That's not possible. So I apologize to him and for like just the past year kind of sucking and for him being such a patient and wonderful friend and business partner. And it freaked him the heck out. But well, you should also probably not do that on air to someone. But if that's sort of the theme of your podcast challenge that week, like, yeah. It's very on brand. Yes. Yeah. So it was apology to also myself for being unkind to myself for the past year in a way that wasn't good to myself or to the people I care about. That's amazing. I'm super proud of you. Big green check. Yeah, baby. Fishy Kai makes a very good point that Merlin takes apologies so well. It's very upsetting. I don't like it. I don't like it. Anyways, let's get in to our conductors. Our favorite Jay of the show has a red X. In the end, life did life things. And instead, I spent most of my time traveling. Again, we give forgiveness for everybody and to themselves, hope that they are able to give themselves also forgiveness. And so we're going to move right on to our next conductor. Alex, would you like to read out the next one? I forget. Do I read the name or just the title the person has? There's no rhyme or reason. We usually will go title, then name, and then connection check, or at least that's how my brain does it. But you do you boo boo however you want. Oh, that's all good. I didn't know if occasionally there was an OPSEC issue. So didn't want to yuck anyone's yum and do a minor doxxing, I suppose. But identical twin of the show, Aaron McLeed, he slash him. Connection check. I have a plan in place for my hiking trip, though good through through good learnings for next to time to sort his plan out sooner. I'm sorry. Let me get close to this. Aaron, my bad. You're a great twin. I'm not a twin of the show. Have Aaron. Hey, Aaron, you're great. His connection check is to have a plan in place for his hiking trip, though good through learnings for next time to sort this out sooner. I think I got the one typo that broke my brain. Yes. OK. It's good. You're doing great. You're doing great. Our fish bear of the show, Fishy Kai says connection check. Orange circle. Look, sometimes more important life and family things get in the way. I didn't manage to actually accomplish anything, but I did set a few things up to make it easier to start a creative project. I am so happy that you gave yourself an orange circle and because you did set things up. And so that is the most important part. That's how that's what we preach here at Conduit is giving yourself grace and being proud of the things that you do. So well done. All right. Mountain dweller of the show, Logang says, oh, the connection check has a green heart. Love a green heart. I spend time with friends and family. I feel refreshed and relaxed. Oh, beautiful. Jealous. Panda of the show, James says connection check. Red heart times 20. I said I should spend the month leading up to WWDC relaxing and playing Zelda. I have perhaps relaxed too much judging by the 85 hours I put into the game in just over two weeks. Don't do the maths on that, but I'm still relaxed. So I am confused as to why the red heart is here because it sounds like you relaxed and played Zelda successfully, which in my mind says that it's like a green heart times 20. And so I know you're in the chat right now, James, and I cannot wait. OK, OK. 20 hearts. It's OK. Well, I wish that they were green. That was confusing for me, James. I missed it. I'm sorry. I'm so proud of you. Yes. Green heart times 20. How about that? I'm literally the only person, I guess, also you now that isn't playing Zelda. So I feel good. Wait, are you? I'm totally playing Zelda. Oh, my God. Listen, I'm only like eight hours in, so I'm not quite the James level. But we know that James is a big gamer. Like, this is not new. I'm just glad that he is relaxing in there and not hurting his eyes too much. And look, there's a whole bunch of people in the chat that are supporting you and you're not Zelda playing. When I saw the red heart times 20, I thought it was because James has only played 85 hours because I know people who have played far, far more than that, to the point where their health is not so much in a great place. But, you know, that's their journey. Yeah, I can see that. I can see that. All right, distracted Colombian of the show Ramon, he slash him has a connection check with a red heart. And it says, I overestimated how other life surprises badly sprained my ankle two weeks ago. Oh, know how it feels. Would affect my anxiety and block my intention to finish reading my short book. I'm not giving up and will continue to make it my mission to finish it. By the way, the book is No One Writes to the Colonel by Gabrielle Garcia Marquez. Oh, that's on my list. Thank you. Thank you, Ramon. That's so good. Push Alex to read the book and then we can have a little mini book club thing or something. I don't know. Moving on, our Oracle of the show, Soph says, Green Apple, I've been managing reasonably well to balance too many projects and I even got to get go. And I even got to go away for a couple of days. So proud of you, Soph. That's incredible. I know you are going to take care of yourself as well and not work on too many at the same time. But I'm so proud that you were able to get away as well. Kathy, may I ask, what's a green apple? This might be what happens when you listen to podcasts really fast. Although I have missed a couple. But what's a green apple? A green apple is just like a green heart or a green circle. Some people like to do different shapes that are the color that they are picking. I thought it was a much fancier code. You could have said literally anything and I would have been... But I'm not quite up to par for improv when there is a correct answer. I didn't say you're with Alex Cox. Anything you can say is better improv than I can do. Are we moving on? Yes. The Nameless of the show, Robert A. has a green circle for... I don't know, Robert, for their namelessness. Open house for the listing was scheduled and is now finished. Also, summer break has been scheduled. Oh gosh, that's so cool. Oh, remember summer breaks? Wait, you still have summer breaks because you have a teen. That's right. Yeah, I mean kind of. And I guess... Quote break. Yeah, quote, unquote break, right? Yeah, yesterday was Memorial Day in the United States. And so they didn't have school. And I did less work. So kind of a break? Yeah. Yeah. And the afternoon was spent at a friend's house, inspiring them to do no yard work. So I feel like I get double points. So even though it was half the day, I still gained back the first part of the day by having another person take a break. Right? That's how that works? Huh? Sure, sure. I think you might have done like double emotional labor, but I'm not good at math. We're not talking about that. Maths is hard. We don't make a calculator app. That's other people in our job. That's true. Yeah. Our train enthusiast of the show, Rail Z says, connection check, green circle. I was meant to finish stage one of a massive project, but that wasn't going to work out. So I changed my connection to ensure I relax while I had COVID and my birthday week off and start writing a food diary so I can find my triggers. It might not be the habit I intended, but it's the habit I've slowly developed. And that right there is exactly what the show is about. Once again, making it is a hundred percent okay to change connections, especially ones that have like our month long, uh, to deal with the situation that you're in and give yourself permission to make adjustments to life as you need it. I always think of a change in connection as a really satisfying like click, like you're switching a train and you know, your little car goes smoothly into the other track and just like, I don't know, but a better noise than that, a metal noise. And it's like, yes, perfect connection change. What is the noise made? All right. Train enthusiast of the show. Nope. Sorry. I got so excited that it said train. It says a lot about me. I know that I was like, trains, trains, trains. But code monkey of the show, Douglas, he, him short and sweet says, gave myself a lot of meantime and just green circle all the way. Oh man. This is one of those where I'm just like, Oh, I can't, I'm happy for you, but it's hard to relate for me. That is an aspirational goal. And I'm so happy for you code monkey. I know. Isn't that great? I love the name of the show names because, uh, they're so creative for the individual that comes up with it. And it's so fun. I love it. I love it. You know what else I love, Alex, that this episode of Conduit is brought to you by Memberful. Sometimes taking a risk is the move you need to make to get to where you want to be. Have you ever told yourself you're ready to monetize that work you're so passionate about? There's no excuse now because Memberful makes building a membership business easy. Memberful has everything you need to run a membership program, including a streamlined and powerful checkout, an easy to use member portal, transactional emails, and a member management dashboard. Now we use Memberful here at Relay FM Switch On. And it is really super easy. Not only do we not have to think about how to configure people signing up, we don't have to manually do anything. It's all automatic. But being able to just send an email to our superconductors who are members of the Conduit show directly and say, hey, here's what time our superconductor meeting is. Usually it's correct. Time zone math is hard, but I'm working on it. I double check it every time I send it out. But it also means that each time that I send it out, it will be sent to different people, depending on who signed up or signed or stopped signing up. So it's really great to kind of use this system to be able to be in touch with our members without having to collect email addresses in a really weird non GDPR way. Is that the acronym? I don't know. I think so. We're Americans. Sorry for everything. Yeah, seriously. Always, always apologize. Memberful lets you build the membership that's best suited to your audience with custom branding, newsletters, podcasts, gift subscriptions, Apple Pay, free and pay trials, automatic referral discounts and tons more. And analytics give you an easy to use in depth view of what's working, what's not and where to double down. Memberful seamlessly integrates with the tools you already use, including MailChimp, WordPress, Stripe, Discord and more. And if you need them, you can contact their world class support team ready to help you simplify your memberships and grow your revenue. They're passionate about your success and you'll always have access to a real human. Go and check it out right now to see if it could work for you. You can get started with no credit card required. Just go to memberful.com slash conduit. It could be the next great move for your business. Memberful dot com slash conduit. Our thanks to memberful for their support of this show and all of Relay FM. Steven, what did you break? Javier, you can keep this in the show because Steven just hopped into the live chat and broke something with our live show. So hopefully it's working, which I just realized if it's not working, they can't hear me asking. Well, oh no spoilers, I guess. One of my focus modes, this is the custom one I made just for Conduit and allows my notifications from Relay. And I think I got a second ping saying that Conduit was live. So double alive. Yes, extra, extra two doses of Conduit. But it's the same show. Sorry. Don't apologize. Have to do that as Americans, but not conductors. No, no, no. That's true. That's true. That is very true. OK, Alex. So for when I knew that Jay wasn't going to be able to make this episode, I knew exactly who I wanted to invite, which is you. And that person wasn't available. And now I'm here. Hush. Hush. I've interrupted you. I'm sorry. I know. How dare you? How dare you? But I knew if you were OK with it, what we wanted to talk about today, because I know the last few years has been a big change in everything that you're doing in your entire life, in your work, all of that. And so I guess before we start, I do want to give a content warning because we will be talking about mental health, which is a common occurrence here on Conduit. We're very open with all of the things that our brains are dealing with. But this one might end up being a little bit more so heavy. If it is totally fine, just skip to the next chapter, hear the connections at the end of the show, and we'll talk to you next episode. No harm, no foul. We still love and appreciate you and we want you to take care of yourself, just like Alex has with the changes that have come through. Yes. Do you? Gosh, you have a whole man. I just I think the audience needs to know that the big topic you have is mental health in the corporate world and when enough is enough. And I think the I need the biggest asterisk in the world that I have never technically had a corporate job. OK, I should have said like in the jobby job world. Like, I suppose. Yeah. I'm sorry I used the wrong word. You know, I know. Well, I have been out of the real like jobby job world for so long that I just don't know the terms anymore. Well, I'll give some context only as to why that's important. And because I do not have experience with that, since the my mental health stuff has either been with my own like pre adults days of college and, you know, doing my own thing. And that was fine. And then I went out into the work world. And when you're working with a bunch of artists who also have mental illness issues, it's very different than working within like a big HR structure. So I guess like a tiny background of me, I guess you'd say I'm very similar to Kathy and Jay when it comes to sort of hyper awareness of work and details and getting things done. But with another asterisk, my whole life is asterisk, like little buttholes everywhere. I when I was when I was 18, I was diagnosed as bipolar one. And if folks don't know what that is, it's it's what was used to it used to be called manic depression still sometimes is called manic depression. But it's when you have obviously really high highs of mania and really low lows of depression. But with bipolar one, the sort of mania you experience is, I guess, it's not so much that you are necessarily a grumpy or angry person. But I do absolutely get grumpy or angry. But there it's the level where it can be sort of like a psychosis where you're not necessarily fully in touch with the world's you lose. You can dissociate or lose track of for me, it's like this derealization thing. Bo Burnham talked about it, everybody. It's a very weird. It's a very weird experience. But along with, you know, not being able to communicate, some people have what are called godlike delusions. It's different for everyone. In my case, it was it was like sort of these strange delusions of this is kind of funny. Like, I thought my printer was literally out to attack me. It was my. I mean, to be fair, printers are really terrible and it would not surprise me. And I was finishing a my last paper for high school for AP English and got about Graham Green, a bipolar author. It was very, you know, all the asterisks aligned. And I just had already been what's called ramping up. So getting like hypomanic, overexcited, not sleeping, all of that. But then I started having like, you know, these paranoid delusions. And then I ended up throwing a printer out a window, which, again, pretty fair thing to do under normal circumstances and in the movie Office Space. Or but that was that was the like, oh, this person who we all thought was or rather is like this overachiever and works very hard in our context of what, you know, working hard and is successful means like this person needs help because, you know, not everyone has anxiety or and depression. It doesn't always look like that. You can have a very serious mental health issue that is not visible most of the time. And so during like college, because I was able to do is that a sort of good summary of what a bipolar disorder is? Like occasionally, usually sometimes like once a month or so having a manic episode in which you're really unwell, some some people are hospitalized. I'm not as much anymore because modern medicine is is great. Health insurance should be free in the US. And then, you know, there could be some depression around it, but it's not always apparent that I have like any sort of anything going on. Is that kind of a good summary? Yeah. Yeah, it's also important to like point out that these, like you said, these are your symptoms and not necessarily anyone else's. And just like with any mental illness or any illness at all, it's going to manifest in different ways. But if this is something that like you recognize in yourself, maybe talk to a professional just if you can, if you're able to. Yes, especially because it used to be the like common supposed common knowledge of, oh, this appears when someone is, you know, 16 through like 21, like a young adult that has kind of been debunked. So no matter what age you are, talk to somebody. Yes, yes. And I think that's the biggest thing that we want to share is that whatever you are going through in your brain, whatever your brain is doing, as much as we hate our brain, sometimes they it's the way that your brain works is valid. And like you can get help to get it to work a little bit better, maybe or easier for you to survive and succeed in the world that you want and that there's nothing wrong with getting help. In fact, it's a great thing. Yes, I would not have been able to function or survive without the like talk therapy and stuff, obviously, but there's great medications and stuff for whatever is going on with your brain. And so once I had a pretty good like, and hey, another like disclosure that was important for me to realize is it can take a while. And so, oh, man, it took me a while to find the right amount of the right sort of cocktail of medication. And then in college, I did great. My first year, not so much. I dropped out of like normal college. And the only reason that is important is because then I went to art school where I got to be the over obnoxious overachiever that I was once again, because college is mostly about learning how to exist in the world. So I got to learn how to exist in the world and in the creative world. And the creative world has so many people who have mental health issues or are neurodivergent. And it's just a big smush of amazing creative brains. And when immediately after I graduated, I had all this anxiety about going to what I was going to do. Like there were a bunch of options, but I chose to. Wow. That sounded like a humblebrag. No, I mean, like there was a bunch of different options. My art school was like I did film with a focus in documentary. So I was like, OK, do I leave Chicago and do this wild, like overseas documentary? Do I stay and do this documentary in Chicago? Or do I get a normal job with stable health insurance and stuff like that? And so I got a I was offered a job in my hometown of Chicago at Cards Against Humanity. It's the if you're thinking, is that the dirty card game? Yes, that's that's what it is. As basically Spackle, I guess, is the best term of like doing what I do best, which again, if you know my podcast self, isn't you wouldn't think this, but just solving any and all weird little problems. And I'm very good at finding those possible weird little problems that could happen in advance. And then eventually I was there, a studio director. And what was I don't know. They were unfortunately a lot of us got laid off because my main job ended up being running an in person podcasting studio as well as a black box theater. And in 2020, you were there wasn't really anything you could do together in one space. So yeah, and I ran the office. Right. Right. So if you're running an office and a live space and stuff like that, yeah, reasonable. But the reason I was able to be so, I guess, successful in that job is because one at the beginning, we are we're a very small company. And like I said, everyone don't want to break, I guess, friendship, HIPAA. But like, I don't know any of my co-workers who have been talked publicly about mental health, because, you know, since we all had full time jobs, we had the privilege of being able to speak about our, you know, our health candidly, either in talks or in some people's cases in their comedy or me and my podcasts or whatever. And that was I mean, I never, ever expected that the plan was to hide any and all medical history from my employer, which I mean, you'll get to why. You shouldn't do that. But almost right away, because I had co-workers who were very open about their health, it was like, oh, this is a safe space. And I was able to be like, hey, I am taking my sick days this week. But just so you know, here is why. And that's not something you should ever have to say to your employer, like that it is illegal for your employer to ask that. Yes. But that was again, there was like five people, we didn't know what we were doing. But that made me that just made me realize, oh, it's OK for me to take time off for something that is not physical. It is mental. So that was and because, you know, a lot of my job also involved traveling and, you know, handle dealing with like difficult fans of the company. If anyone knows how video game people act like we all know how some gamers are. But we'd all sort of the entire company would need to take mental health breaks. But so the whole like corporate thing is because the company was so small, there was never any like when you have a big corporation, there's HR in place and a lot of hopefully a lot of resources to deal with whatever sort of disability or health stuff you are going through. And eventually we got like an HR person and all of that. And we learned all the things of, oh, you don't need to you don't need to talk about your mental health. In fact, if anybody asks, that's illegal. All of those things, which is but it was a great like having both of those perspectives was great. Because the only reason I was candid about my mental health and I was able to take care of myself was because I knew that, you know, my bosses were going through basically the same thing. I'm going to say that again, because I don't know if the mic picked up a bunch of things falling. I probably did. I would have never openly talked about my mental health, unfortunately, unless I knew that my bosses were going through their own stuff. So when I got to the point where we had like a real HR department and there was like 20 people working at the company, I shared less about myself, but that just felt normal, with the exception of our HR department when I had to take a disability leave, which is a thing that you should be able to do. Look in your employee handbook or whatever and realize like, oh, these are the resources I have, especially because we're kind of a real company now that I've been that like, I can do these things to take care of myself. And one, I won't lose my job and two, no one will look at me any differently. And I know that that, unfortunately, is not always true in the real world, because it sucks sometimes. But that was my experience. And I think even if I had been, I don't know, even if I had been uncomfortable or felt ashamed in any way, like it would have made it even worse if I had not taken, like been candid about my health with our HR department. So that was great. But the 2020 happens, right? And it was honestly like the best year of my life, which is a dark, weird thing to say. But I was, again, like pretty much responsible for everything in my life. And I was doing great. And then after getting laid off, I was like, I'm going to do the podcast thing full time. All right. Which then, you know, leaves you to once again deal with your mental health, but it only can sort of last so long before you might need some more help. And the shame that people might feel about talking to their bosses or HR, whatever about mental health ended up with me. I was in a position feeling ashamed of talking about my mental health with my co-hosts or anybody I worked with because, you know, we're not in the same company. They should not have to. They are not responsible for me. Like we are colleagues. And it just always made things worse. And I'm being I'm not trying to be like vague, like I mentioned before, like completely losing track of time. Kathy knows this. Like when you when I would have a manic episode, you know, there's no unfortunately there's just not like huge clues as to when that might happen. And eventually, it was like Kathy was like, hey, let's come up with a system so that if I know you can't record, but you just can't respond fully for whatever reason, at least I'll know. And you were like, send me the is it the scary mask emoji? That's what it's called. We'd have to ask Federico, I think, to really tell us what the name of that emoji is. Yeah. But it's like the Japanese not kabuki mask, but like the the the scary red circle with hair mask thing. I don't know what it's called. I'm trying to put it in the in the chat, but I'm literally typing like mask, kabuki mask. I have like this slack like, oh, thank you. Thank you. Really, really. Japanese ogre. I don't know if that's just that's such a good name. Wow. You picked a great that's a great metaphor for mental or at least my mental health. That's awesome. You really picked a good one, Kathy. I think you actually picked it, but you know what? Oh, it works. I just I just said pick pick an emoji that when you because I don't need to know. I didn't need to know specifics. I didn't need to know what was going on or when it might happen or whatever. All I need to know was a that you were OK and be that like whatever we were planning on recording wasn't going to happen, which totally fine. Like being able to just know that you were OK enough was super helpful for me. And I really I've actually implemented this type of code for other people, too, in my life. And it's been it's been really helpful. And so go us for figuring out a way to like help people. Right. And I and I know it gets even hairier, too, when you're you work with friends and almost everybody I work with is my friend. And that was true with my jobby job and now not jobbing, you know. So because I don't know, it's. It feels weird to be like everyone, please remember this is like an artistic field, which is podcasting, maybe not so much, but because that's where I came from, it was so common. Yeah. Does that make sense? Like it wasn't as taboo, probably part of the reason I gravitated to that. But I. I know how difficult it is for you and Merlin and anyone who has to communicate with me, but having stuff like honestly, having automations in place to deal with my mental health has been that has helped me deal since high school because I was a nerd. You know, what way? Yeah, it's shocking, right? So shocking. What happened? Another myth. Hey, don't be like. Yeah, the you can really lean into the nerdiness to you know how it makes your work life better. It can make your personal, physical and mental life better, too. Go at it. Be yourself. And it's I was going to make a self deprecating joke about myself, and I'm not going to do it. I'm so proud of you because you don't need to put something in the jar. Yes, exactly. Kathy, what's it like to be sort of on the other end? Because I mean, you are a not just like you have your own brain stuff going on and you're a caretaker and you work with other people who have, you know, squishy brains. We all have squishy brains. If you don't have a squishy brain, please. Yeah, whose brains are squishy in a different way. Yes, it's it's interesting because I. How do I say this? I tend to attract people into my life that have squishier brains. But I I try only to keep around the ones that also give back friendship this. I am a recovering people pleaser and I say recovering because I'm actively working on it, even if I. Have to work harder on it some days than others. But what that can do is it can be very dangerous with the people that you allow close into your life. And there's there's always people that are willing to take advantage of that. And part of what. I have learned over the years is how to balance. What I need from a relationship to in all of my relationships in my life and being able to communicate clearly what I need. I actually have a design in place for a communication is key branding thing for myself that I'm really excited about, because I have been using it pretty much nonstop. I say communication is key almost every day for like the last six months. And it's important to be able to state, here's what I need from you, which was just like this emoji mask situation. All I needed to know was that you're not OK, but that you're OK enough to tell me that you're not OK. So I don't have to reach out to Maddie and be like, hey, is Alex alive? Maddie's Maddie's my spouse who is actually bipolar and has bipolar too. But so he also knows what's up. And unfortunately, my friends often reach out to reach out to him when I am not communicating as my best self. Which is unfair. And Kathy, what you said about attracting like you don't you're just a magnet for the different squishies. And I was able to tell that absolutely immediately. And the unfortunate and dark part of it is there are, like you said, people who see it and will take advantage of you, or they will do it. They might even do it unintentionally and not realize it. Yeah, this is not it's not to say that people like that find themselves taking advantage of, you know, people pleasers and this type of emotional person are not always absolutely like. You can say like I think they're not all assholes. But but that's unfortunately that that's the thing I was before dealing with my all of my stuff and like getting healthy. I was amazed I was the worst because I knew exactly how to get what I wanted from people and still seem like a nice person and still make it like doing, you know, all of those toxic behaviors and stuff people talk about. That was just me to a T. But I was so good at it. You know, people did. I was gone by the time people even realized it. Trying to think of like an example, like it sounds like I mean things like, like getting a benefit, like getting a favor from someone like film, if filming something or getting someone to like help me host a fundraiser, like those all sound like really boring things. You know, when you're when you're like, I was not trying to be nefarious, but I did not. I knew that I did not. I knew that I did not care about these people emotionally. I knew that I was just using them as a little play pieces. And that's horrible. That's horrible. That's horrible. I was not trying to be a butthole. But my brain was like, you can't do this, but you can get this person to do it. And that's how I survived. And that's I I like had a conversation with Kathy. I'm like, you are too patient with me and we can't have that. Otherwise, we will not be friends. And I because well, because now I know, like I will like I say that to a lot of people of like, no, no, no. You need to be you don't need to be mad at me, but we need to, you know, we can't sugar coat the situation because even though it's no one's fault and even though it can't be predicted, it can't be prevented, you can still have things in place like our little emoji or other things that can make it the communication better and sort of. Have the realistic expectations in place, yes, rather than like doing an Elon Musk and say, don't worry, Mars is going to be tomorrow. It's just it's going to happen, everyone expected to happen. And I think having those realization that having that realization and having those expectations is huge. When you're in, I don't want to say difficult relationship. I'm saying like for I have that on both ends with other people who, you know, it's not just mental health. It can be anything if someone like I mean, I can't even think of a good example, mostly because I've tried to iron out any of those relationships in my life, because unlike Kathy, I only like to please people when I or I only wanted to please people when they could give me something in return. And I have a feeling that that happened a lot with you, Kathy, not hopefully not with me, but with other people. Yes, that there was definitely a significant period of time where I just gave, gave, gave without, you know, caring for myself necessarily. And that wasn't healthy. And I am trying to be better. Well, I think I've seen you get better at it, especially like putting those boundaries in like I, I got mad, not mad at you, but I literally was upset. I'm like, you can't be this patient when like, like I was like, no, this is not a good thing that you're doing. And it made me worry. I'm like, do you do this? Like, are there multiple people who are like flaking on you and just being a terrible friend? Like, is this a normal pattern of behavior? Why are you doing this? Well, and I think the reason that I have this level of patience, because it's not always just so you know, like I am definitely get frustrated and and whatnot. But part of what fills my cup and makes me feel loved is being able to support people. So it's a deep, it's a deep part of my soul to be able to help my friends. And additionally, I have a lot of. Patience because that sounded really like, no, that's exactly how it is. I have a lot of patience because in my real world, it's difficult for me to allow myself to get frustrated with my situation as a caregiver to my spouse. Like this. It's a constant. For example, when we came back from a dance competition long weekend, the front door was locked and I didn't take the key and I had mini soup go around the back to come in through the door. Like the sliding doggy door thing so that they could get us in because my spouse wasn't like answering the door. And our one of our dogs, specifically Jose Cuervo, who is my spouse's emotional support dog, was freaking out. And that made many soup freak out. And so in that moment, when the door opened and my kid was crying and holding the dog, I mentally was running through. Like the steps of what to do in an emergency, so getting ready to call 911, getting ready to find somebody that could come take care of the dogs if we were going to be gone for a while or like what needed to happen if the situation was as bad as my brain immediately went to. Turns out they were just asleep, sleeping really, really hard and didn't hear the door. And the dog was just excited that his baby was home. And so all of that was for nothing. And but those this is a bigger example of kind of the basic everyday low level anxiety that I live with, that it's difficult to. Like not give up necessarily, because it's something that I kind of have to have, but it's it's it gets really frustrating and I can get angry and frustrated like anyone can for little things that are. Not everyone's daily life, you know, having to fill medicine, having to take care of urinals, having to, you know, remind somebody to bathe. Like these are all things that are not in everyone's day to day. And it builds up and builds up and it can break and be really damaging for everyone involved. And so I've actually started trying to take more mini breaks by taking a weekend away and just kind of spending time with friends. And this has been really hard for me because it means that I am. Asking for something. Which is hard. And even if it's just, hey, can I sleep on your couch for a couple of days so I can get out of my house? That's in my budget. I can, you know, pay for pay for food and and help clean around their house and just like sleep on their couch and take a break. And that's been really helpful. And I've been giving myself this permission to not feel guilty about it. And most of the time it works. So, you know, something's working. What I sort of I mean, I am not a full time caregiver and sometimes step into that role with folks who have a similar mental illness as I do, but have gotten to the point where they their brain is so manic or psychotic that they just, you know, they can't use the bathroom themselves or they can't talk. And I just not only I usually not only think about what I have been like, I've almost been in those situations before. And then I also think about, you know, how Kathy deals with it. And I mean, that's always a huge like I don't want to like it. That makes it sound that I was sound like I'm like, oh, Kathy, it's like, oh, Kathy, because I know I've seen you now take care of yourself as well as the people around you. And that's been such an amazing thing, I think, for me as your friend and for people who listen to this show, knowing that you have all of this stuff, but you are still a successful, happy unicorn who can accomplish and make so many wonderful things. And I mean, that's also what I need to remind myself that I am not defined by the things that go on in my brain that I can't control. Yes, you are not defined by any illness or situation or life happenings, but by who you are as a person. And what not just what you provide to the world, because that sounds very transactional. And if you listen to Robo ism, you know, capitalism is the devil and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But what what how you are able to live your life and what you can do to take care of yourself as well as provide a service to humanity by existing. And that's why I've been much to Merlin Chagrin. I started doing like attempt doing like gig economy jobs, door to door dash and stuff, maybe to do some union stuff, too. But I've been very afraid to start a new jobby job because I've accepted I need health insurance. But also, I mean, there's a whole other thing of when you're bipolar and also trans and like amazing jobs are in Missouri, it's like, what the heck are you going to do? But that is a different episode. Listen to Two Headed Girl, everybody. That's a podcast I do with my spouse. But I, you know, realizing again, like you if I don't take steps to take care of myself, it might start to define me. And the people who are less patient and less understanding might also, unfortunately, start to associate that with me. And that is an absolute terror I have. And it shouldn't be. But, you know, that's why, you know, I love communication is key. And like, I'm so excited for dub dub dub next week because it's it's mostly not mostly it's like a workcation type of thing. But I haven't seen most of my friends in three years. And like, yeah, I haven't I haven't been near a large body of water. I just I'm so excited to just go west and touch the ocean. Go west, young friend. Yes. Do you know that the phrase go west young man was said by one of my ancestors? What? And technically that like that's not exactly what the phrase is. I don't remember the exactly, but Horace Greeley said it, creator of the New York Tribune, who has a statue in New York City is my great great something grand uncle. Oh, my gosh. I'm like starstruck. Oh, my goodness. Kathy's from the old world. He ran for president against Ulysses S. Grant and it was the only presidential candidate to die before the Electoral College comes in. God, I feel like your your ancestors were probably like a bonus or might still be a bonus on like the AP US history exam in the United States. Like, oh, my gosh, I know that my kid talked about Horace Greeley in eighth grade. So, you know, it's a real thing, apparently. Oh, so what you're saying is you're a nepotism baby. Yes, I am definitely a nepotism baby. My kid was able to pass the test because they're like, that's my great great grand uncle. That's amazing. Oh, my God. Ramon says so in the chat, we have a link to the Wikipedia and Ramon says that he sees the resemblance. And I think it's the wispy hair coming out of the ears is really the family resemblance. God, I'm so happy. This is a long Wikipedia page, too. This isn't some like footnote day. No, it's not Jason Snell, which you can listen to. Our favorite Wikipedia discoverers in the ungenius members special in the members special feed relay crossover feed, which you can access in your member full account by logging in and connect to crossover. And this month and next month are all the it's members special time. So you get to have all sorts of fun, extra episodes from some of your favorite shows, or you can find a new show to listen to and discover kind of some new hosts that you might enjoy and like, you know, hang out with them in your ears. How's that for a little bit of a what a plug? Bravo, bravo as professionals. All right. Was there anything else that you wanted to say on this topic? No, thank you for listening to me and thank you to the folks who are listening to this episode. I hope that there was some thread of thought that could be followed. And if not, that's a little bit of how my brain works sometimes. Yeah, exactly. Oh, goodness. All right. Well, with that, let's head over to our next connections. Alex, do you have a connection? I am trying to connect with a like this. I'm actually trying to connect with a healthier version of myself that is, you know, the person who takes care of myself when I am traveling and who doesn't push myself past my limits. So during Dub Dub, like I'm going to take breaks from people and get a full night of sleep at least once. I mean, we can't ask for the impossibility. No, no, actually, I'm going to say at least at least twice because and I'm hoping to be Hopefully, we'll hang out with some relay listeners and just get more not post covid, obviously, but just be more present in the real world next week. I'm excited for that. That's such a good connection. It's perfection. So now that the dance season is over, my kid will not be having to spend several hours at the studio, which means we can get back into our habit that we had talked about doing, but we'll do it more often of using the gym memberships that we have together. So we will until school is out, at least we will be at least a few times a week. I will meet them after school at the gym, which just happens to be right down the street from their school. So we will go work out together and then I will drive them home. And I am excited to kind of try and get that habit back in, especially during the summer when they have even less dance and to kind of keep their endurance going so they don't have to rebuild it when dance does start again. So that is my connection for the next fortnight. So wholesome. I love it. And our conductors' connections, this Jay of the show will be doing the minimum and adjust to new commitments, which I can't wait to hear what those are in two weeks when I get to talk to my buddy Jay again. Yay. And then if you want to start with the next one. I don't know if I... I'm so sorry, Javier. Oh, there you... there it is. I'm doing errands. Thank you. There we go. Yay. All right. Identical twin of the show, Erin. Hello again. New connection. Continue work on my side project to get close to a workable demo. Oh, that sounds so cool. I want to know what the demo is. It's OK. I don't need to know what the demo is, but that's really exciting. It's always exciting when you get to the demo stage in whatever you're doing. Fishbearer of the show, Fishy Kai says new connection, reconnect with the previous connection. And I am scrolling up to see what it is and start starting the creative project. Yes. Super excited. Now that you've set it up to go forth and be awesome, you can now be even awesomer by working on it. Amazing. Listen, I know it's Mountain Dweller of the show, but my brain keeps saying Mountain Dewer of the show. So Mountain Dewer of the show, Baja Blast, Logang, this is new connection. Normal life is back. First up on my habit tune up physical health. I'm going to work out consistently this fortnight. Don't miss two days in a row with flex emoji. Oh, it's a human flex emoji and not a robot one. Fine, I guess. I really like how you phrased that Logang. Logang, not missing two days in a row. That's super like I feel like that's a really healthy way to kind of look at it of, you know, not looking at the number of times that you did it, but trying to hold it to giving yourself an opportunity to only miss one. I think that's really great. Our Panda of the show, James says, as of dub dub, it's the start of the new Apple year. I need to remember that not only is it a marathon rather than a sprint, I don't actually have to run the race at all if I don't want to. Let's see how things go on Monday and I will try not to overload my brain in the meantime. Yes, you are in charge of this. You are the boss. You can choose to ride a bike on the race on this marathon or go horseback. You know, you can you can choose how how you want to do this or, you know, take a nap. Also an option for the race. I know how exciting calculators in VR can be, but it's OK. We don't need a day one. No. Oracle of the show, Sof, next connection. My busy time is about to get even busier. My plan for the next fortnight is just to keep my head above water. Oh, I love that. Yes, just realistic like. Expectation and just like forward motion. Love it. Yes. Nameless of the show, Robert says new connection as I am back to working for my home office. Finally, I am challenging myself to keep up with the sleep schedule that I used when commuting. Yes, this is the return of an old connection. I want to use this time to do some self care and make sure that I'm ready for my day by going out on a walk, eating breakfast or simply changing into something that is not my sleeping clothes. Also exciting new development. My family has welcomed a new member puppy emoji. Now that we have our puppy in the home, I want to make sure that I equip her area with all the toys and treats she needs, as well as a camera that will let my life. My wife watched the doggo while she is in the office. OK, so first off, we need puppy tax. We need to see this sweet, sweet baby girl who is the best girl and the best doggo. But also we can hopefully see. I'm excited to see how taking care of yourself will work really well in the next fortnight. Oh, puppies. Train enthusiasts, oh, train enthusiast of the show. Really, really real. Dave, new connection. Get back on the Duolingo train to learn Dutch. Also keep an accurate food diary for the next episode. I have some ideas of what it, what it might be, but time will tell. And lastly, our code monkey of the show. New connection. Organize my office. Nice, simple, basic. I love it. If you would like to submit a connection, you can do so in the relay discord in the hashtag show follow up channel by starting your message with a conduit emoji and putting your connection after. If you are not in the discord, you can still submit your connection. You can go to the feedback area or share some regular feedback there by clicking the link in the show notes or using the submit feedback button at relay.fm slash conduit. Or you can also go straight to relay.fm slash conduit slash feedback. But that's too many slashes. So instead, we're going to continue on and say visit. I am a superconductor dot com to become a member today to get access to the pre and post show banter, an ad free episode and access to the co-working session in the off weeks with myself and Jay. Lastly, check out you can wear it dot com for some great conduit merch. I am always wearing a conduit hoodie when I record. And today it's the red. I am a conductor hoodie, which I just love. It's so cozy. It's fantastic. And thank you to member full for sponsoring this week's episode. Hey, Alex, did we do a show? I think we can do it. Heck, yeah, we did.