---
description: Jay is back and his brain is squishier than ever… In this episode we
  poke and prod and talk about how to use accountability to look at the forest from
  the trees and tell each other "Hey you should stop that thing you’re doing at the
  moment".
pub_date: June 15th, 2023
title: "51: Touching Squishy Brains \U0001F449\U0001F9E0\U0001F448"
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/51
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show we condue our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that you never know what you're going to get. This episode is brought to you by Micro.blog and Factor. If you want to know why that intro is so funny, you need to become a member of the Relay FM. You can do so by going to relay.fm.com and becoming a member today. You can also go to imasuperconductor.com and also become a member there. We appreciate it if you do. Oh, I haven't introduced people. I'm Jay, the ominous voice that you might be hearing. I've been gone for a while. I'm glad to be back. But who hasn't been gone and is laughing in my background of my intro? The wonderful unicorn of the internet, Kathy Campbell. Hey, Kathy. Hi, Jay. I'm so glad I got to talk. Thanks for letting me be a part of the show. I mean, it only took five minutes. I know. Everything's fine. Kathy, what happened in the Discord this week? Oh, wow. So this past fortnight has been bananas, of course, after the announcements that came out with dub dub dub dub dub. Vision Pro, of course, had conversations as well as all of the new products, discussions about what might be coming in the fall with the phones, you know, all very techie, very important. We also watched the Reddit breakdown in real time with people doing the research for that. So it's been a very interesting, interesting couple of weeks. Yeah, I don't necessarily have any opinions on the dub dub dub dub type stuff. But the Reddit situation as someone who has used Reddit to get information on things a lot and has relied on some of these third party applications that are struggling and ultimately now have announced that they're going to be going away. I like my heart goes out to them because I've used that API. I luckily was not using it in a way that they would ask me for, you know, 20 million dollars. But I also like I get it. And I kind of feel I don't want to say both sides of the situation, but I especially feel the pain that those those third party developers are experiencing right now. My heart goes out to them. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. So we also had our co-working almost had co-weeking our co-working chat last week. Again, if you want to be visit or participate in those, go to I'm a superconductor dot com and become a member today. And in that we designed and came up with the the wonderful application, which we won't tell you because we don't want you to steal the name and build. But if you want to build it for us, you can tell us. Let us know if only we knew some developers that would love for us to give them work. It would be great because we have a wonderful idea for a project management tool that let's just say we'll have people jumping for joy. And we'll have them hop for joy. Come on. You got to go like go all in on the puns. Well, let's just leapfrog the rest of that conversation and go straight to our shout outs. All right. First up, thank you for Alex. Thank you for Alex. Thank you for Alex. We give thanks for Alex. Join together as we give thanks to Alex Cox for joining me on the last episode. It was so wonderful to spend time with them and talk about things not robot related, although we kind of brought some robots in to that, too. But it sounds like the audience also really liked it. Soph commented and said thank you to Alex and myself for a fantastic, honest conversation. I continue to adore how you normalize squishy brains and neurodiversity and disability by just, you know, having hosts and guests who are real people and are willing to take the risk of talking about real things, a really big risk sometimes. Just come to it. Doing is awesome thing again. That means so much to me, Soph. I know how much work you put into not forcing these conversations, but bringing these conversations to other places in the world. So the fact that you appreciate it so much just really means a lot to me because we're doing this for the community and for the group and for everyone to get to be better, but also to acknowledge your own squishy brain. So I'm so happy that we had that episode, but also I'm kind of happy, Jay, that you're back. I mean, I agreed with Alex wholeheartedly when they said that Kathy has this uncanny ability to just draw the squishiest of brainy people to her like a magnet. That makes it easy for folks like myself who struggle with neurodiversity and that just being one of the many intersections of things that are going on in life. And I never want to do a show where we have to shy away from the reality that life is hard and that it is hard in different ways for different people. I mean, the show that I did before this where Kathy was the incredible last guest on, the thing I think that made that so amazing was that we focused intently on finding commonality amongst all of the different brain people. And that just continues here. I don't think that's ever going to change. And if it does change, then I don't want to be a part of that change. I want to be a part of the let's continue to bring amazing people in regardless of their squishiness, their mental squishiness. I don't think we need to test the physical squishiness of people. That seems I mean, I will. I will. I don't. Hmm. I'm concerned about touching squishy brains mainly because I don't know what. Well, first off, you'd have to have like oodles of consent. But also like being a surgeon or like bringing a surgeon. Basically, let's not actually touch the squishy brains with our hands and instead touch it with our minds. I don't know. Yeah, Kathy, you just dropped something in our in our notes. Jay, do you want to read this other comment from Erica Ensign, our true Canadian correspondent? So the true the true Canadian correspondent, again, if you want to know what that's about, membership real talk, I never expected a productivity podcast to be a consistent boon to my mental health. But here we are. Conduit on at relay because this was a Macedon thing reminds me and re reminds me that doing only as much as I can manage is not just OK. It's great, even if it's not as much as I aimed for. At Mrs. Soup and at KJ Miller, that's where you can find us. Bring it every fortnight in the latest episode with guest host Alex Cox blew me away. Such beautiful humanity. I had to listen in chunks because it was so real. Thanks, Oodles, para pals. Thank you. That I like. I know I wanted you to read it because I think you missed it in Macedon. Yeah, I don't really understand. I don't too. So, yeah, I, yeah, I don't remember how I actually saw it, but I was very happy. And I wanted to have you read it out loud because I'm a mean co-host that's warm. The emotional work cockles of my heart, I think is the phrase. I'm not sure. There was also a shout out to Matthew Bliss where on LinkedIn, where there was a request for favorite books and podcasts. And the very first one was based on your interest, may I suggest conduit? So, hey, people doing the great work out there. I'm sorry. That was Jamie Taylor. Shout out to Jamie Taylor, co-host of the Ask a Brit podcast. If you know, you know, also the host of some other nerd shows. But I again, it's always great to have these moments where you never know where your people are going to see the work that you're doing and how it affects them. So thank you so much for all the folks that make us feel awkward by giving us compliments. We love you and you suck, but we love you. I'm going to hang up the call. OK, bye. Just kidding. You can't hang up, Kathy, because it's time for our connection check. Zap! I love the country ones. I don't even know. The southern drawl. It just it gets me. Kathy, did you did you even lift? I did. I did even lift. It's been absolutely bananas here as we close down the end of school. But being able to go and spend time with my kid and just and go to the gym together and work out and help them in their strength journey, because they're an incredible dancer and their flexibility is absolutely off the charts. But they need to get stronger to be able to do special things with that flexibility. And so the month of June is no dance time. And so being able to have them kind of figure out how to move their body to get a little bit stronger has been a really fun journey. You know what they say, a family that lives together is not a family that you want to mess with. Exactly, exactly. Jay, what about you? Yeah, my connection was to do the minimum and adjust to new commitments. Folks would know we went on this month long like this this period in between shows to make sure that our our editor, Javier, whom we love dearly, was able to take a break. But it was kind of good timing because I was hit with a couple of family issues that had me traveling across the country while also looking for houses across the country, while also trying to do my job, while also trying to sell a house, while also trying to put on other events. So there was a lot of things happening. And I had not actually had a full week of work in almost a month and a half when I got back to work. So there was there was a lot of like, you got to kind of adjust, got to like dial things down and move things. And what I will say is I think the amount of work that I've given myself work wise has been top notch, been really good. Very similar to what Erica mentioned, doing only as much as I can manage. But I feel as if things are still a little slippy. So I'm going to I'm going to give myself a yellow circle only because I don't really know how to quantify whether or not I did the minimum and adjust it to new commitments. I think I did. But I also think that there were some problems and there and we'll talk about one of the big problems later on in the show. What about the conductors? All right. Starting off with our panda of the show, James, connection check, green check mark. My brain remains relatively relaxed and mostly free of thoughts, despite some stresses last week, courtesy of Dubdub. One hundred and thirty hours of Zelda total if we're keeping track, which we are so proud of you, James. Very proud of you. Good job on the Zelda hours. That's that's impressive. It's impressive. Almost matches my Diablo hours. The mountain dweller of the show. Oh, la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la. By the way, I was shouting Logang every time. So every time when you were talking on the episode with Alex, I was excited when you tried it. I could sense it through the Internet. It was there. And I hope Logang gets a fun, like ping of excitement every time. But connection check, yellow circle, got off to a slow start, missing several days, but got my workouts in every day by the end. Good job. I mean, hey, that's, you know, I I want to give it a green one. I respect the yellow because I think at the end, the goal was to start building a habit. And by the end of it, it looks like a habit was forming. So but great, great work either way. Absolutely. All right. Our fish bear of the show, fishy Kai says connect to check Greenheart. I did the thing. I created did create, created it, created, created. Turns out if I make it easy to start something, I will actually start. Who knew? Wow. What a amazing idea. To make easy starts, because then once it started, do you just have momentum? I do an episode on momentum one of these days. I think we did. Did we? I don't remember. It's been a while. Our identical twin of the show, Aaron, says connection check red square. Didn't get as much done as I wanted to in the past. For tonight on my side project, some UI design done, but I was aiming to get it mostly implemented. I mean, I hope that everything is still on track and I hope that, you know, you're able to bounce back and get, you know, turn that red into a little bit of yellow, into a little bit of green. Yeah, I would almost say that you did do some of it, which would be a yellow square. Yeah, maybe. But of course, your mileage may vary. We are not going to tell you or force you into a yellow square. But we will look at you and hype you up and say, you did do something. So I think it should move forward a little bit. But that's just that's the beautiful part of aiming is even if you aim, sometimes you still miss and you just got to keep adjusting until you get it. Yep, exactly. Our oracle of the show, so says connection check green lettuce. I am just about keeping my head above water during my very busy month. Just got to keep it going. So proud of you. That's so hard to keep your head up and you're doing it. Hooray. I hope I hope you got some good green lettuce in your takeaway. I mean, carry out. I mean, delivery. I mean, words are hard. And again, if you know, you know, our blue dragon of the show, Skyler, does Blue Heart, didn't work too hard over the first part of summer. And now I'm doing a summer job while living on the beach, living on the beach. That sounds delightful. I want to live on the beach. You should do that. That's great. I love that. I love this for you. Our train enthusiast of the show, who is also a big time conduit supporter in the discord and is willing to drop the icon before I can even get to it. Real Z says connection check red apple. I didn't do either thing. I need to rethink when and how I do my reminders. I really liked this connection. I mean, I don't like that it. That it didn't that you have a red apple, but I do like the fact that it's letting you reevaluate things and make adjustments. I think we can learn from. I'm not going to call this failures from Mrs. Maybe I think it's it's special and important to be able to recognize. So well done. Our nameless of the show. Oh, no, they have a name. Sorry. Our nameless of the show name redacted says green circle. I managed to maintain a fairly consistent sleep routine, mostly thanks to my puppy waking me up. Wait. OK. That's a very good puppy. I wanted to not sleep as much. Oh, OK. OK. OK. I understand. I don't understand. I kind of understand. However, I'm finding myself not using this time how I wanted. Some days all I did was walk my dog and come right back inside to scroll social media. But most of the time I managed to make coffee and change before logging in for work. Also, I got a puppy camera so my wife can monitor our pup even when she's at work. And Mocha is spoiled for choice with toys. I mean, this is amazing. This is awesome. The puppy cam puppy cam life is is best life. So, yes, I fully endorse and support this. And I I totally understand. Apparently, my dog also agrees with that. I totally understand that, like, I did the thing. I did the thing I was supposed to do. And then right back to doom scrolling or right back to the the habit that I don't want. Progress, baby steps. Well, maybe maybe small human steps. Sometimes babies don't even step. They just kind of scoot and wiggle. Roll over. Yeah. All right. Distracted Colombian of the show. Ramon says connection check red circle. I don't make it to the gym because I have to give my ankle one more week of healing before going on a positive note. I was finally diagnosed with ADHD and the meds I started are life changing. So look. So it looks like I'll be able to work on my last connection and finally focused enough to finish reading my short book. One of us, one of us, one of us. Welcome to the world of medication as that help. I'm so proud of you for being able to get diagnosed and start the medication and you can finish the book and be amazing and healing. Your ankle is great. I am so excited and I hope you will enjoy going to the gym now. Yes. And our code monkey of the show, Douglas Douglas says yellow circle, I got my office about halfway organized and then got it all trashed again. As someone who is trying to clean up to demo house to demo to show my house while also trying to pack and store slash move, I feel this so much. I clean and I clean and I clean and I turn around and my child destroys all the work that I've done. Yay, babies that aren't really babies anymore. But still, don't don't remind me. But yes, I get this and you can do it. Just remind yourself and keep just keep cleaning. Just keep cleaning, cleaning, cleaning. Oh, my goodness. All right. This episode of Conduit is brought to you by micro blog. Blogging is still the easiest way to share stuff on the web. And micro blog is the easiest way to blog. Personal blogging is making a comeback thanks to all of the disruption in social media, and it just keeps coming to. So if you have always wanted to build your own place on the Internet to keep and share the stuff you love, micro blog is for you. Micro blog is the blog you will actually use because we've made it so easy to write short or long blog posts, share photos, keep a log of the books you read and even create your own podcast. There are so many things you can do with a blog and micro blog. It's a great place to host a site dedicated to your special interest or hobby. For an example, one of our conductors, Chris Farrell, Farrell, wrote up a blog post about how he is managing 11 projects for two work sites with team members scattered across eight time zones. And it's all on micro blog. We will include a link to the blog post in the show notes to check it out. It is mind blowing how I cannot even imagine managing that many people. And the blog post was great, succinct, concise, made sense. It was absolutely incredible. Jay, your note that you just typed here says Jay has micro blog updates. Yes. So recently I had an issue where I was trying to get my micro blog to work. And I talked about it here and I was like, luckily, they have a wonderful community and some other stuff that I could use even though my micro blog wasn't working. And this isn't on them because I was the special one. I was trying to host my own site that micro blog even lets you do. But I was able to figure it out. I was able to get my micro blog up and running. And I was able to also share how I got it up and running on micro blog. And the last bit of that that made it so much wonderful, much more wonderful was that means that now not only when I update my personal blog, it updates my micro blog automatically. They also allow cross posting so that I can update folks on LinkedIn, folks on Macedon, folks on Blue Sky and folks on Twitter for a little bit longer. All of the things that I'm talking about. And it means I only have to write it once. And micro blog does all the work for me to share it to all of those other services. Amazing. Absolutely amazing. Micro blog hosting normally starts at five dollars a month. But right now you can get in on their special summer of blogging introductory offer and have fun sharing your summer for just one dollar a month. Head to micro blog slash summer to sign up now. Our thanks to micro blog for their support of the show and all of Relay FM. And of course, as with all of the wonderful ads and people who sponsor us and give us advertising. Jay's not stalling because he totally forgot to do this. I say thank you in a different language every time. And I'm actually going to say it in a language that I know only because we were talking about it in our pre-chat. And that is Portuguese. So I say, oh, but I got amazing. So, Kathy, I teased a little bit about this this month and like doing the bare minimum and trying to get back up to speed with things and and doing all this stuff. Um, the challenge that I had was as as things were. Very, very, very, very. Sporadic in terms of doing work, the amount of stuff just kept piling on. And I got back home, I sat down at my desk and I said, I, I have so much to do. I don't even know what it all is. So I need to do the thing that Conduit has taught me to do. And that is get those brain frogs out of your brain and get them onto a piece of paper. But what I kept noticing was as I would brain dump, I would write something down and then immediately start working on it, which is not what a brain dump is. So I did the the one thing that I thought might help me. I reached out to one of the young golden girls of productivity. Thank you for being a friend, Kathy Campbell. I I messaged you and said, hey, I am struggling. I'm trying to brain dump, but I keep getting distracted and I keep getting sidetracked by actually trying to do the things. Can you help me? Can you lend a hand? And we sat on this call for an hour and a half. And, you know, we talked, we laughed. But most importantly, I got stuff written down. I didn't get everything written down. I still don't have everything written down. But I was able to get so much structured and lined out because of the accountability that I had from the unicorn of the Internet. Kathy, you ever done something like that before with other folks? Yeah, I so my mini unicorns and I, we haven't done it in a while because it's been a busy season. We'll we used to and hopefully we'll again meet on Wednesdays where we work on things similar to the co-working time that superconductors get to hang out with, which is one of my favorite parts of a fortnight collecting and combining the the our brains into one joyous little party for an hour. But doing it with my unicorns means that I don't necessarily have to keep like data private because we know like we're talking about clients that we're working on together and we're working on the projects that we're working together, having brain sharing moments is really helpful, but also sometimes you need one on one. And I have a couple of friends that I do that because our brains work similarly, we're able to like help redirect when we need extra motivation. And it's really it's really helpful to just be able to have a moment to brain dump with friends because you are sitting and you're able to, a, be vulnerable and acknowledge what's going on with your own brain. But then you also are able to have somebody help process things that you might be having difficulty with. So being able to sit there and be like, OK, I am being blocked right now because all I can think about is getting ready to pack for a weekend trip. It's Tuesday and I just can't concentrate on the things that need to be done because I'm thinking about what I want to do instead. And being able to, you know, have a friend to say, hey, look, can you keep me on task, whether it's like video sharing and they'll sit and watch you on your computer. And when you like stop moving your mouse or tap off to something else and be like, hey, what you doing? What's what's going on there? And you're like, oh, yeah, oops, I got distracted by Pinterest or something else. And you're able to. Kind of help guide your brain into what's needed in a way that can be really helpful and healthy if you have people that you can trust. And so it's important to have trusted people to. Yeah, I think the the biggest portion of that is being able to be vulnerable. I know that. There's there's a phrase that I like to use. The usually the term underrepresented is like, oh, like it's their fault. But like, no, that that's not how that works with historically excluded groups of folks. There is often this fear of showing weakness or showing vulnerability. And both of us kind of belonging to those groups in many ways. It it's nice to have a place where we can. Show that show that vulnerability, and it's not weakness. It is just that it's vulnerability. It's like, again, I play a lot of video games. Not not every Pokemon is is great. Again, it's not like I'm a big fan of video games. Is great against every other Pokemon. Like some they have strengths. And because of those strengths, they're also just areas that are going to be harder. There's going to be battles that are going to be harder to win. And that translates to life. You know, you might be really good at doing these types of things, but really bad when it comes to these types of things. I personally feel like I'm really great at just doing the thing. The thing that hurts me most is when I have to sit down and plan to do the thing, the more planning involved, the harder it is for me to execute correctly. Whereas if I just go, oh, deadline, we got five minutes. Got to do the thing. Going to get up there, do the thing going to be done, going to be great. Awesome. So for me to sit down and just be like, whoa, there's a whole bunch of stuff. I have to do the thing that I'm weak at doing. If I went, you know, the conversation or how I would explain that to my boss is probably very different than, you know, the conversation that I would have with Kathy, who totally just gets me. Like it would just which is great. Great. You know, you should have friends that just totally get you. I agree. I agree. It's. I am also the type of person that wants to just do things, not plan. And I have a client where we'll have a meeting and we're going through, you know, the stuff that needs to be done. And I'll be like, oh, we're going to do blah, blah, blah. And then he's like, Kathy, stop doing. We're planning right now. And I'm like, but I don't want to plan. This isn't a doing face. I just want to get it done. It'll take like half an hour, except it never actually takes just a half an hour, because humans as a rule are terrible at estimating. Well, I know that there's like this idea of like planning to plan or in developer speak, there's a phrase called bike shedding where like, oh, we have this problem and the problem involves a bike. And we spend more time planning what the bike shed looks like than actually like storing the bike or getting on the bike and riding it. I I feel like. That is the weakness that I have of like, if I start planning, I get really good at just doing the planning, and then it's like making those transitions. So maybe it's not even that like the challenge is is identifying the time of like, OK, it is this time. That means you do this and only this. And then that time has to have a start and an end. And the more space you give for interruptions of those things, the less effective that that time really is. But I love that that I'm not alone and that you also have other friends, which which breaks my heart, but I'm also glad that you have other friends. I'm sorry. It's OK. It's OK. No, don't be sorry. The but you have friends that you are willing to say, like, hey, you have permission to yell at me and tell me that it's not doing time. It's planning time. Or as as the thing would say, it's clobbering time. We got to clobber these plants and make it happen. It's clobbering time. That needs to be on the time. I don't think I spelt clobbering correctly, but that's no, you did not. Listen, I've been having a very hard week with that whole spelling thing. I spelled someone's name Sebastian so wrong, I could not identify that it was meant to be Sebastian. Oh, wow. I mean, I'm sure that crab was very upset with you. Yes, yes, he was. He was very, very sad, very, very sad. Have you seen the new movie? No, you're not a Disney person. I don't watch movies, yes, especially to watch Disney movies. My actually has the important person in your household seen it? Yes, it has been seen. One of the things that I wanted to ask, because this kind of intersects into your love of things, robots and isms, but especially robots. Mm hmm. There are so many tools that work to be that other person in the room with you, helping you to accomplish things. Do you think that these can be effective? But then also for you, do you think that they could be effective? I think it depends on. The brain space and what level of squishiness it's doing to. Here we go touching brains again. I know we're touching brains, touch, touch, touch, squish, squish, squish. Because there's sometimes that that certain things will work that other days definitely, definitely will not work. And I have to be in the right mindset and give myself permission that if I'm not in the right brain space to do something that may be worked yesterday, that that's OK. And to try something else. That's a good thing. There's so much productivity stuff out there because there's always something new to try. I think that the challenge that I have with it is something that we touched on earlier. Touch, touch, touch, squish, squish. I need someone with the ability to tell me no. And I'm very good at that. Yeah, you know, not less so myself, but yeah. And telling other people to say no. And A.I. is just by design, really bad at the no, at the at the no part. I mean, you have some tools that are like, I will hide this from you. I will try to catch your attention with distractions of other things. But. The only time it tells you, you know, is when it like you actually wanted to give you an answer, and then it misjudges your question and goes, as an A.I., I am not capable. Like, it's not even telling you, no, it's telling you like, I'm sorry, Dave, I can't do that. Like, that's that's more of the sentiment that it has. And and that's where I need, in many ways, the ability for it to say, I understand that that's what you want to do, but that's now is not the time for that. And again, I if I know that people have tools, I know that like they're like distraction apps that you can use and things like that. I remember one of my favorites being it was the tree one, the one where like you plant a tree. Oh, yeah. That one was so great because it was like, I'm not going to tell you, no, but you're going to kill this tree if you do something else. And I was like, but I don't want to like that. Like, and funny, it's a little virtual tree. It doesn't matter in the grand scheme of things. But things like that were there was a power in that of it's like you have the ability. I can't stop you. But there is an immediate consequence to going against what you are set out to do. I totally just like blacked out. In what you just said. I have no idea what just happened. Oh, my gosh. Real time brain. Like I didn't follow anything that you just said. So someone needs to poke Kathy's brain. Oh, my gosh. Check for squishiness. Yeah, I didn't have any caffeine today, but I've been not having as much caffeine lately. And that's fine. But I think maybe today I need some in order to get it to process. Maybe I need to brain dump with some is is that like an intentional like we're trying to cut back on the caffeine or just kind of been a pattern. It's just kind of been a pattern mainly because it's so hot. And I don't like making the iced coffee myself because it's always like not as good as other people make it. But it's just been absolutely ridiculously, overwhelmingly way too hot here. And the thought of drinking coffee is just like meh. I totally get that. I mean, there are other caffeinated beverages, some that are even cold. Yeah, I know. I have a couple of monsters in the fridge, so I might grab one of those. I. That actually makes me think of a point that that you I think you do really well. Which is. Showcasing the. The the forest from the trees, I guess, which, you know, the old saying, you know, you miss the forest from from the trees or so, and you can't tell the forest from the trees. Like when you're in the thick of it, which makes me tick tock as destroyed by a braid because I immediately went back yard against into the thick of it. Yeah, I did, too. I did, too, even though my brain is broken. So good. But yeah, like when you're when you're engrossed in a task or when you're engrossed with your the issues or the problems that you have. It is hard to. Remember that in many ways, as long as you don't have one of those giant like mushroom forest things where it's all really just one organism, like if one tree dies in the forest, the forest is still there. Like you can cut that tree down and the forest still exists. What happens is when you start cutting down a bunch of trees in the forest, that becomes a problem. Or as the banana problem happened, where bananas used to taste really good and look amazing. There was a bacteria that just annihilated an entire sec, like an entire like type of banana. And nobody gets those bananas anymore. Yeah. Fun fact, that's what the banana flavor in candy tastes like. Yeah. So like having having the ability to have someone take a step back and look at your overall forest and go, hey, I know you're really fascinated with this one problem right now, this one tree, but the rest of the forest is on fire. Can you go address that right now? Yeah. Or there's literally no water in the riverbed. Can you figure that out? Like, why? Why? That's not how you think it should be. Yeah, I just. Oh, yeah. It's it's always helpful to have a little bit of a sense of it's always helpful to have friends that can do that or enemies. I mean, to be fair, it probably could be helpful to have an enemy be your productivity, co-working partner person, too, because they'd be really mean. I like to think of them as rivals. And I I will say I have rivals that don't realize that they're rivals. And it's all it's all love. But at the same time, I am I am looking at your success going, I want this. Yes, yes. And it's probably not healthy, however, it is effective. Right. I mean, look like James time to start the enemies to lovers productivity podcast. Yes. Enemies to lovers, to rivals, to friends, maybe. I don't know. Well, we're like enemies to I know. Crash and burn. We're going to we're I went so workshop. My brain. Yeah. Yeah. We'll work on that. Oh, good call, Sky. They replied with the rectives podcast app, and that's that's the podcast image. And yeah, that's pretty accurate. I love that. Perfect. Oh, my gosh. Well, we have carried on for a while. And I know that a part of what we do is hold ourselves accountable. And I still have a bunch of work that I need to get done. So let's go ahead and proceed to our next sponsor. This episode of Conduit is brought to you by Factor. Now that it's summer, you might be looking for wholesome, convenient meals for sunny, active days. Factor is America's number one ready to eat meal kit, and it can help you fuel up fast with flavorful and nutritious, ready to eat meals delivered straight to your door. You'll save time, eat well and stay on track, reaching your goals. If you are too busy with summer plans to cook and want to make sure you're eating well, skip the trip to the grocery store with Factor and skip the chopping, prepping and cleaning up to while still getting the flavor and nutritional quality you need. Factor's fresh, never frozen meals are ready in just two minutes. So all you have to do is heat and enjoy, then go back outside and soak up the warm weather or stay inside with your air conditioning. And you can elevate eating at home with their new upscale surf and turf options like roasted garlic, filet mignon and shrimp and Cajun spiced shrimp and salmon. Factor offers delicious flavor packed options on the menu each week to fit a variety of lifestyles, including keto, calorie smart, which are around 550 calories per serving, vegan and veggie, which you have the option to add a protein to on selected meals and protein plus, which have 30 grams of protein or more per serving. And because they're prepared by chefs and approved by dieticians, each meal has everything you need. You can choose from more than 34 weekly options featuring premium ingredients such as broccolini, leeks, truffle butter and asparagus. Plus you can select for more than 45 add-ons, including breakfast items like apple cinnamon pancakes, bacon and cheddar egg bites and potato bacon and egg breakfast skillet, plus cold pressed juices, shakes and smoothies. And if you're looking to pack in more protein, you can add on filling options like a salmon filet or chicken wings to your Factor meals. Factor meals are ready faster than restaurant delivery. In just two minutes, plus it's much more budget friendly than takeout. And you can rest assured you're making a sustainable choice because Factor offsets 100 percent of their delivery emissions to your door, source 100 percent renewable electricity for their production sites and offices and feature sustainably sourced seafood in their meals. Now, the last factor ad read I gave my experience, Jay, what was your experience with the factor meals? I was thoroughly impressed. I think that the the challenge with a lot of meal prep kits and meal kit things is definitely that balance of how good is the precooked meal versus how much work do I have to do to make my meal? And that is something that I think factor does really well. The fact that I don't have to sit there and pull out knives and cut and mix and chop and do things that I can just heat this meal up is really, really helpful, especially when you have, you know, a kid that is super picky and they're not going to eat anything. So then you just make them mac and cheese. And then you have to be like, oh, but I have to now spend this time cooking a separate meal for myself. No, I don't. I just have to put a factor meal in the microwave, heat it up, and it tastes just as good as if I had spent all that other time working to put it together and, you know, stressing and possibly cutting off one of my fingernails, which has only happened the one time. I didn't have to do that. I didn't have to go through that. And it was it was such a great thing when when you're thinking about it from the perspective. And then also just being able to sometimes just grab a smoothie when you don't want to cook or grabbing something super, super small. I think that factor has kind of nailed the convenience versus flavor. Venn diagram of things. Absolutely agreed. This June, get factor and enjoy eating well without the hassle. Simply choose your meals and enjoy fresh flavor packed meals delivered to your door ready in just two minutes. No prep, no mess. Head to factor meals dot com slash conduit 50 and use code conduit 50 to get 50 percent off your first box. That's code conduit 50 at factor meals dot com slash conduit 50 to get 50 percent off your first box. Our thanks to factor for their support of this show and all of Relay FM. I don't have another language. I'm just going to say thank you. Just say it in English. Thanks. Oh, thanks, mate. No. Well, now that all of our European, Australian members have run away. Boy, what's all this then? I think it's time for connections. Oh, gosh. OK, so I think my my connection is going to be simple. And I'm going to I guess it's not super simple, but I am going to take the things to goodwill. OK, we have like. Five or six bags of clothes that we've gone through and are ready to get rid of, and they have been sitting by my front door. They haven't even made it to my trunk. But they have been sitting at my front door for about two months now. It's not going to be very difficult. It's it won't take a long time. I just need some accountability to get the bags from my house to the car to goodwill. And so I am calling upon my conductors to check in with me to see if I can get the fricking stuff to the fricking goodwill. I feel this so much because we have bags of things that were supposed to be sent to goodwill so long ago, and we just just it has not happened. So I you're not alone in this. The the connection for me, I think, is going to be one that again, it's one that I have to do. Giving myself a little bit of a softball here because we are listing our house, hopefully this week, hopefully this week, which means people will be walking through our house. And I need to. Just clean and organize and pack and put things away. So my goal is going to be to at least give myself two hours a day for the next week. Putting things away and nothing else like not. It doesn't need to be too consistent hours. It just needs to be two hours a day, like two hours out of the day, putting things away, packing things up, setting them down and then like getting them figured out and situated. That's that's going to be my goal for this next conduit. Amazing. What about those people that we love so much that talk to us? Our amazing conductors. Let's start off with our panda of the show, James New Connection. Focus on doing some planning for a big trip in a month's time that I have not done any planning whatsoever for and survived the uncharacteristic heat in Scotland. OK, so first off, I know what trip this is and you have done some planning. So take that back right now, sir. Other than that, yes. And I hope the heat lifts soon. Our mountain dweller of the show, Logang, says next connection. Finish the blog series I started on life with my autoimmune condition. Oh, yes, I want to read. I want read. I don't read and I want read. So please finish. So I may read. Exactly. Fish bear of the show, Fishy Kai. New connection due to situations outside my control. Summer is going to be difficult. I need to one, stay on top of my have to do list from a previous connection and to make sure I get enough sleep. Amen. Good luck. I can't wait to hear how it goes. Our identical twin of the show, Aaron, Aaron says new connection aim to get the character you I screen done by the next conduit. OK, there we go. I like it. I like it. You're you're doubling down. Let's make it if we don't make it, we're going to just get like the character you screen done or the character I screen done. Let's cut it in half. Let's let segment small chunks. You got this. You can do it. Our oracle of the show. So says next connection. I just joined a new gym, so I want to swim once a week. I know it doesn't sound like much, but it will be a start. Absofrickinlutely. You can do it. I am excited that you have found a gym and are able to swim. Our blue dragon of the show, Sky says, Keep doing what I'm doing, which is living on the beach. It's amazing. And maybe work on some other ideas along the way. I love it. Just live it. Live in the good life. Now, now is the time. Heck, yeah. Our train enthusiast of the show, Railsie, says new connection. Survive the heat and get a checklist of everything I'm going to need for a crazy week vacation. London to Amsterdam to Florida and back in a week. Oh, my goodness. I'm exhausted with that already. I hope you can do it. And I hope you can ride at least one train. Our nameless of the show, Robert, which is their name less. I want to find healthy habits during the time I wake. Oh, I thought that was a period. My screen is just dirty. Habits during the time I wake up early before work. There we go. That makes more sense. I'm mostly doing well, but I don't have a rhythm yet. This is how I end up mindlessly scrolling through social media. Right now, I'm aiming to at least prepare breakfast for work. I also want to find reliable resources for puppy training. Being a fur parent is new. And all I know is how to train my dog to sit. And I want to be a responsible pet owner. Any recommendations are welcome. Best of luck on that one. Additionally, I want to tackle my Spotify exercise of going through my liked artists top songs while I've discovered a lot of great music doing this. It's all just sitting in the massive liked playlist. I am wanting to slowly make some playlists that I can actually use when around the house, I have ideas, Robert. I will not assign you more work. But if you are interested, I have ideas and would happily share them with you. Absolutely. All right. Our distracted Colombian of the show Ramon New Connection. Finish or at least put a big dent on reading my book. Side connection. Get myself back to the gym after three weeks. You can do it. Then our code monkey of the show, Douglas. Douglas says your connection. Finish getting my office organized. I would like to add an addendum or like an asterisk to this and work to keep it organized to after you do it. Well, or like start with one section and keep that one section organized consistently. I think that might be like maybe a better option. I don't know. Don't. Yeah, either way. You can do it. If you would like to submit a connection, you can do so in the relay discord in the hashtag show follow up channel by starting your message with the conduit emoji and putting your connection after. You can also submit feedback by clicking the link in the show notes or using the submit feedback button at relay dot FM slash conduit. Visit I'm a superconductor dot com to become a member today to get access to pre and post show banter and an ad free episode and a co-working session in the off weeks with Kathy and Jay. In this week's post show, I have brought back the tear maker and Kathy will be ranking the unicorn emojis. What? Oh, no. What is the S tier unicorn emoji? We will find out. Is Kathy right? Probably. I mean, she is the Internet unicorn, of course. Of course I'm right. But this is going to be like picking my favorite children. There's a reason I only have one child and it's because. I don't have to pick it, although apparently when someone asks who your favorite child is, you have to pick your own. Oh, that's something I learned. That would make sense. And if you want some amazing conduit, swag, merch, stickers and more, go to you can wear it dot com to do so. And once again, a special thanks to micro dot blog and factor for sponsoring this week's episode. Kathy, did we do it? Heck yeah, we can't did it.