---
description: Do you write it down to remember it now, later, or NEVER! Let's talk
  about how we take notes.
pub_date: June 29th, 2023
title: '52: NOTES! That right there, that’s a good thing '
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/52
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we can do our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that makes notes about how awesome you are. This episode is brought to you by Memberful. I'm Kathy and I am here with my fabulous co-host, Jay. Hello, Jay. Everyone is awesome. Everyone is cool when they're part of our team. Oh, no, that sounds that sounds kind of like, oh, team versus team. Yeah, that's that's not good. That's not good. Everybody's awesome. We'll just leave it at that. Everybody's awesome, except for those people who aren't and we just punch them. Probably shouldn't say that either. I don't know anymore. Everybody's awesome, except for those other people. Uh huh. In the past fortnight in the discord, there was this beautiful, chaotic moment of joy where one of our modmen's, Zach, had a dream about Tim Cook being interviewed by Mike and Jason on Upgrade. And the tidbit that came out was the fact that he is obsessed with roast beef sandwiches. And basically from there, of course, the discord went off and it culminated in our trade enthusiast of the show, Railsie, making a fake article on the MacRumors site about this culinary indulgence. And it was hilarious and entertaining and absolutely just incredible. So wait, does this actually exist or is this like a no, it was a fake article like a but is it a fake article that actually exists or is it I mean, it exists in a screenshot. So what you're saying is if people wanted to see this, they couldn't go to MacRumors, but they could join the Relay FM switch on discord. Absolutely. And the best way to do that is by visiting I am a superconductor dot com. Become a member. Oh, speaking of members, hey Jay, what happened in the co-working session? So what is the co-working session? The co-working session is where you and I or in sometimes just you or sometimes just I, like last like this past week, it was just I, along with our super wonderful conductor friends, our super wonderful super conductor super friends, join for an hour of co-working where we do our best to be hyper focused on the tasks. I'm just kidding. We sometimes we get work done. Sometimes we just talk and sometimes we do like we did this past week where we heavily debated whether or not the Reddit CEO would be asked to step down after his shenanigans eventually or what social media nightmare scenario are we best okay with in a world that is both federated, non-federated and multi-versed, I guess. I'm sorry. I haven't seen the Spider-Man movie yet and I really want to go see it. So it's so good. Is it? Don't. That's all I'm going to say. Okay. I'm going to I'm going to have to take time to check that out. Yes. Yes. You definitely need to. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Anyways, if that sounds good or you would like to join our co-working time and have lovely conversations, but also sometimes actually get some work done. Once again, visit I am a superconductor.com and become a member and support Jay and I. Do you have a shout out, Jay? I actually have two shout outs. Is that okay? Is that allowed? Absolutely. Okay. So the shout out is to the super amazing folks that joined me in our Juneteenth panel that we did. It was absolutely amazing. It was a panel that I put together independently with some super amazing people, including the CEO of Black Tech Pipeline and so many other people on the intersection of taking technology and all that it comes with back to black families, black community and black culture. And it was great in that the people who watched were absolutely thrilled. The people who were on the panel were absolutely thrilled. And one of my favorite comments that we got was finally an actual event where we talk about helping the black community and not just what it's like to be the only black person in the room. This was an absolute amazing event. We want to do more of these. Again, it's on my personal YouTube channel. If you want to check that out, I will put a link in the show notes. And then the second one is a shout out to some friends of mine. One of them goes by the name of Jesse Seema, who is the author of the Not Quite Narwhal series, which Narwhals, the real world unicorn. The books are absolutely amazing. They're children's books that help teach self identity and positivity. And just even it's OK, even if you don't fit in and to the point where Florida has decided that it should be banned because, of course, thanks, Florida. The animated series of Not Quite Narwhal is out on Netflix. And I understand people don't necessarily want to go support the big corporations. But what I can tell you is the author of Not Quite Narwhal is absolutely amazing. They are so wonderful. They've sent my child books even before when when we had just met them. We got amazing autographed books from them. And I've read the books to my daughter for years now and was super excited to see that not only are they in bookstores everywhere, if you go to any major bookstore or course online, you'll find copies of all of their books. But also now there is an entire TV show dedicated to this amazing project that they've created. And I'm really excited about that. So, again, it's on Netflix. It is an animated show. It's for kids. So if you have kids, it's great to watch with. Or if you just want a little bit of encouragement, not quite feeling like you fit in, then I would also suggest, you know, just checking it out, because I liked it personally. Amazing thing. So I have some feedback sent in by our lovely connectors. First off, Logang says, I listened yesterday, but we've been without power and internet for 24 hours. But yes, Jay, I love it. Every time you say shout, have a new creative take on Logang. It brings me so much joy and the biggest smile, so much that I'm starting to use it as my display name in more places. So that sounds like carte blanche permission to continue to squeal the name, shall we say? You mean, let me see you get Logang. Amazing. And then Fishy Kai, our fish bearer of the show, has a very important question for you. And just asking, he says, why is someone who doesn't like Disney consistently have Disney references? Because I have a child. I'm not. I'm not oblivious to the fact that they are a big mainstream thing. And if you do notice that they're always for the animated things, like I can't tell you anything about any of the latest Star Wars. I have not seen any of the Marvel series other than like the first Iron Man. And I think there was one Spider-Man that I saw. I don't know much about any of the classical stuff other than the stuff that everybody just knows from osmosis. Like, I've watched Snow White. I can't tell you. All I know is that at some point in time, she gets seven roommates. I can't tell you where in the movie that happens. Cinderella, I've seen eight thousand times because my daughter just loves Cinderella. Same with Frozen. I do have a couple of Disney movies that I think are absolutely adorable and my daughter loves them. So they are OK. Shout outs to Moana. Shout outs to Turning Red, which was a good one. Yeah, it's about it. Emperor's New Groove was a banger. It feels so much not like a Disney movie that I'm OK with it. And also, it didn't appropriate anybody's culture directly by just taking their often gruesome childhood story. And then I'm not going to. What's what's the word? Ripping it off and rebranding it as this American thing without giving homage to the actual origins of it. And also big, big, big shocker. Capitalism and capitalizing on people's culture for the sake of capitalism. Big gross. So, yes, life is hard and also things life is complicated. And there can be a world in which someone who loves trivia and loves knowledge for the sake of knowledge can know a lot about a thing that they personally do not appreciate or enjoy. Valid. That's acceptable. Anyways, moving on, it's time for connection checks. Did that. All right, Jay, how do you do? I'm going to give myself a green checkmark. My connection was to take two hours a day putting the things away. What I want to make. Let's see, how do I word this? I didn't do the letter of the the connection, but what I did was probably better. Once we got the house cleaned up and ready to be presented, I worked extremely hard and consciously hard to make sure that everything was clean and that as I did things, I tidied after myself immediately, which made it so that I didn't need two hours to put things away. Oh, that's amazing. The second we move out of this house, I will probably never do that again. That's OK, because you're doing it now when you really, really need it. And that's the important part. Exactly. What about you, Kathy? I have a big green checkmark and I sent video proof to Panda of the Show, James, of taking my bags to Goodwill. I also posted it in the Discord as confirmation. And I'm very proud of myself. And since then, I have also made another trip to Goodwill with a bunch of stuff. And I'm hoping this weekend when I just have podcasts and I'm not traveling anywhere, I'm hoping. Well, that's never mind. I'm not going to say it because that's a future connection. Hey, Jay, how did our conductors do? Our train enthusiast of the show, Relsie, says connection check Green Heart in a rare turn of events. This train enthusiast has put in his connection not on the day of the show. Scheduled, done. Packing list, basically done. Just got to put the things in the bags and any last minute changes. I love hearing about this, Relsie, because I just got off the phone with someone about moving all my stuff. And I understand that, yes, there's going to be scheduling and packing and putting things in bags. So I am already there. I'm there with you. All right. Our civil engineer of the show, Dan, says connection check. I have been away for a few months. Missed you guys. We missed you too, Dan. I had to go offline as I had my civil engineering chartership review. And I found out last week I passed. Hooray! I can put letters after my name and everything now. So I guess that is a big life connection tick. Absolutely. Oh, my gosh. We're so proud of you, Dan. Welcome back. Our mountain dweller of the show, the show that goes high and the show that goes low, gang, says, Green Heart, I said what I set out to say and started some really good conversations with people. Oh, my goodness. Yes. Oh, I have so many shout outs that I can't even shout out because good conversations have been had. And I'm so glad that I'm not the only one having them. Logang, thank you so much for having the conversations that need to be had with the people that they need to be had with. Super awesome way to go. Our identical twin of the show, Erin, says Green Heart got most of the way there on the character you ice cream need to put in buttons for leveling up stats, but I knew it would be an ambitious goal for two weeks. So I'm happy where I got to. So proud of you for not just doing the work that you got done, but also for giving yourself a green heart for what you did get done. That's amazing. Super proud of you. Oh, are we going to be in a video game? Is that what I'm hearing? Yeah, absolutely. Conduit the video game. It sounds terrible, but what would it be? A lot of ADHD and distraction. Hey, our panda of the show. Our panda of the show says a yellow circle. I survived the heat. Some might say he beat the heat and did some basic planning for my trip, finished the video game with the green character Zelda. I know that's not Zelda and actually even did some work. However, the eyes haven't been great as a result of that, and I don't feel particularly green check mark worthy. That's OK. Congratulations on defeating Ganon once again. Give your eyes a break. Is it really a spoiler? Hey, what happened to that Zelda game? Let's see, Link beats Ganon and then other things happen. And occasionally someone goes, hey, listen, and then it's over. Yeah. Yeah. One of these days, dude, if we never get a Zelda movie where Zelda actually saves Link, I'm going to be very mad. That is my goal for some someday in the future before I die. Also, I've never played a Zelda game. Moving on, Kathy. I can't with you. Blue Dragon of the show Sky says connection check. Blue heart. Only one week left before my beach work vacation is over and I haven't had the energy to work on much else, but that's OK. Yes. Yes, it is because you're on a beach work vacation and that's good. Our nameless of the show. Nameless. Yes. We've done it. Yes, we've redacted the name. Says green four leaf clover because I guess that's the only color they are. I managed to get in a groove with my morning schedule. Congratulations. I have been successfully waking up and making myself early, making yourself breakfast, making yours, getting yourself ready. We're just going to say that you've been doing all the things that prepare yourself for the day early with a smiley smiley face. So good job. Yes, breakfast. OK, it's just glad you're in the disco in the live chat. I think Nameless is made of Lego and he has they have to build themselves. Every morning. Yeah, you know what? Yeah, yeah. That's what we're going to go with. Oh, and code monkey of the show. Douglas says connection check red square made more messes and spent way too much time on work instead of getting my office more organized or me time because I got slammed at work. On a positive note, my garden is very happy, which makes me very happy. You know what? I think that sounds great. Once again, life happens a lot and being able to acknowledge when it's not the time to have a connection and to just survive 100 percent amazing. This episode of Conduit is brought to you by Memberful. In business, if something isn't working as it should, it can slow everything down, which ultimately affects profits. If your existing membership setup is getting too complicated to manage, Memberful is here to simplify things for you while giving you complete control and ownership of all things related to your brand, your finances and your audience. Memberful has everything you need to run a membership program, including a streamlined and powerful checkout, an easy to use member portal, transactional emails and a member management dashboard. We love Memberful over here. They're amazing. They're incredible. Really love the people that come and support us in Memberful. We really appreciate the ones that are part of our superconductor group. It makes it so easy to use Memberful to access our superconductors. We send them out an email every two weeks when it's time for the co-working space, the co-working time, which means I just have to click a couple buttons and boom, individually, they know who it is, what time to show up, what link to follow to come and join and hang out with us on the co-working. I don't have to worry that somebody who doesn't want the link isn't going to get it or someone like duplicating or anything. It's all easy, super simple to use and I just absolutely adore it. Memberful lets you build a membership that's best suited to your audience with custom branding, newsletters, podcasts, gift subscriptions, Apple Pay, free and paid trials, automatic referral discounts, and tons more. And analytics give you an easy to use in depth view of what's working, what's not, and where to double down. Memberful seamlessly integrates with the tools you already use, including MailChimp, WordPress, Stripe, Discord, and more. And if you need them, you can contact their world-class support team ready to help you simplify your memberships and grow your revenue. They're passionate about your success and you'll always have access to a real human. Go and check it out right now to see if it could work for you. You can get started with no credit card required. Go now to memberful.com slash conduit. It could be the next great move for your business. That's memberful.com slash conduit. Our thanks to Memberful for their support of this show and all of RelayFM. And as I have also forgotten yet again, every week, every episode, we say thank you in a new language because of words and wanting to be awesome and nice and helpful and stalling. And this time it's Bosnian and we will say, hold on. Voila ti. Thank you so much for letting me by that time. All right. So we had a comment, a conversation that was had in the Discord by one of the Discordians who dropped a note. I'm sorry, Discordians? Yes. Like accordions? Yes. Now when they type, all I'm going to hear is whoa. Oh my gosh. Wow. You are on a whole different level today, Jay. I'm going to make a note of that. All right. Good. Good. Excellent. Anyways, there was a conversation that was had about note taking. Specifically, this Discordian was discussing how they never really had to take notes in the past and now stuff is starting to slip through the cracks. And it really made me think about the fact that a lot of previously, quote unquote, gifted kids tended to do well in school because they could hold things a lot in their brain and could just pull it out when you need to and maybe they don't need to take notes. The problem is, is when they get into the quote unquote real world or they get to a point where stuff happens and you need to be able to take notes, you don't really know what to do or why are notes? What do you do with them? Where do they go? How do you access them in the future? And so that was kind of a topic that I dropped over to Jay as an option and he says yes, which is why we're talking about it now. But also wanted to discuss kind of mainly that whole idea of what do you do with the notes after you're done with them? So Jay, do you take notes? Or is note taking something that you're good at or that you do? From Relay FM, you're listening to your note history. The show where we con-do our own thing. I was one of those gifted kids that did not take notes and was a straight A student until I wasn't and then I was a barely passing student because I did not know how to take notes and I did not know how I best took notes or how I best made notes that I would be able to reference and go back to. How do I take notes today? Yes, I, app shout out, I use drafts to start most of my notes. I use drafts because that's where text begins. Yes, I use drafts for everything and I think you mentioned something there about like I, not knowing what to do with the notes after you've taken them and that's something that I have personally struggled with in the past and the present in that I often drafts is where the text starts and that's where the text stays because I don't know what to do with it later. As we were talking, Kathy, about this topic, I mentioned this new project management tool I'm using which we'll save for our next systems check but the thing that made me happy about it was that it actually had a really good interface for creating notes and putting them next to the thing that I need to remember which to me is always the challenge. If my notes are in one of these tools like Obsidian or Kraft or something that's designed for notes, that's great except for that means when I need those notes in the thing, I now have to have two things up. I have to have the thing that I'm doing and then the notes next to it and what I've started doing now is investing my time and energy in tools that will allow me to put notes alongside what I'm doing instead of like, oh, I need to open up this other thing over here to view the notes and then, oh, now I need the thing that I'm working on. I want to use more tools that say, here's the thing that I'm working on, by the way, here are the notes for them and it's a first-class citizen, not like this tacked on plain text piece of reference. What sort of things do you end up using? You're talking about having the notes up for a project. What sort of project things is that for? Is that notes for a video and you're writing a script or what kind of things? So it can be anything. I like to use the word mise en place or the phrase mise en place, which is the idea that chefs use like French, it's a French cuisine thing where they take all of their stuff that they're going to need and they put it like, they lay it out. For me, that's how I do note taking. It is what am I going to need? What are all the things that I'm going to need for this? This can be a little bit of information on my side. Sorry, that's Mambo number five. Note taking number five. It's often like, okay, links so that I'm not searching for links, which we talked about that on clockwise. I like using the Arc browser for this specific moment for keeping links in a space where they're not open and I don't have to see them all the time, but I can quickly jump over and find that reference or find that information within the context of what I'm doing. I also like to put not just the, I like to put the actual information there. I like rich media note taking. I do use Markdown for a lot of things. I know a lot of people love Markdown because it allows you to write text and write text fast. I personally think that Markdown is not great for note taking because I want to add video. I want to add images and it's just added extra things. I want to be able to just drag and drop a thing in and it be there and now I can see it and interact with it. So the kind of notes that I'm taking, if I'm doing a video, it's going to be, yes, it'll be a script, but it'll also be links to the things that I'm referencing in the script. It'll be a timeline of what I'm hoping to get done. It'll be a link to where I have to go and report the stuff to my stakeholders. It'll be anything and everything that I can think of that's going to make sure that it's all in one place so I'm not having to hunt for it, which is why I'm really excited for the new tool that I'm using because now I don't have to go to my calendar and look when we do conduit anymore. I can just say, oh, let me go to the conduit page and it has all of the conduit URLs that we might need. It'll have all the information. Oh, here's the link to where we keep our audio files and here's the template that we use to record with and here's the link to the show notes template that we have and also here's the link to the Zoom calls that we use and all that stuff. So I'm really keeping everything and I'm taking notes for anything that I might need to go back and recall. Nicole That's really interesting. So I tend to have my notes in different locations and it depends on what the notes are being used for. I tend to use the notes for particular clients or events or whatever. So if I am meeting with a client, I have my iPad mini open and I'm taking notes with the Apple Pencil in Notability because this allows me to access it from all of my devices. But the physical act of handwriting the notes is what clicks it into my brain. And so I can remember where they're at in those specific notes for that specific client. So I can always scroll around and find something that I need to know. For podcasts, I'll have the show notes. This is where we're pulling the stuff first for this show in particular and where I'll make notes of what links we need to add to the show, that sort of thing. But for me, notes are not just for putting text to be accessed in the future, but it's kind of an ADHD coping mechanism for me to pay attention because I'm able to pull the words through this brain that doesn't like, it sees the words as they're coming into my head. And so I'm writing them down so I know what pieces I need to remember, or I need to be actively aware of to the point where if I'm not taking notes, I tend to lose track of what's being said, which was helpful in school. I also was pretty much straight A's, did really well on tests. And I think that's partially because of the notes that I took. I remember I would use different colors for different classes. So I knew, hey, if it's a purple pen, it's my ethnomethodology class in college. And then this transferred to business, there was one, so one of my careers in the past when I worked in an office office, I would take notes from voicemails or meetings that I had in particular colors for a particular day. So like Monday was purple, let's say, I don't remember what it was. So when I was flipping through the notebook, I would know, oh yeah, the meeting, you know, I have a weekly meeting on Mondays. Here's where those notes are. This was back before, you know, technology was really easy to use, but it was that that color coding really helped trick my brain to recognize what I needed to do. And I've learned how I need to take the notes to make it work for my brain. I mean, so in college, I was actually hired to like give my notes to people, like I would take notes on carbon copy paper, so that my notes could be handed over to kids in the class that needed it. So like, I guess I'm good at note taking. But it's nice to have it works for me. And I know that it's not easy for everyone. But the trick that I've used is like, is there something that I might need to know? Let me write it down. And I don't stress about, oh my gosh, I'm taking too many notes, mainly because this is how my brain will remember the stuff. So even if I don't go back and look at the notes, I'll remember having written them, which means that it can work. Yes, James, I will do your homework for you. So this is really interesting because I do something kind of similar. I definitely resonate with you. Like I have to be doing something otherwise I'm not paying attention. The sad thing is the more notes that I take, the more I'm likely not paying attention. I'm just going to throw that out there. I actually do the opposite. I preoccupy my brain with something that is kind of a mindless task. Like right now, while you were talking about all of those things, I remembered that you had asked for me to show kind of what that tool that I was looking at looked like. But I had to desensitize some things. So I was like, well, let me desensitize the things and then upload the thing. And I don't take notes to remember, but I do take little, like little, little notes. And those are things that I write down. I have the psychic, the sidekick notepad, not the psychic notepad. I wish it were a psychic notepad. That would be great. But the sidekick notepad, because when I'm, and if there's something that someone says, or there's something that I absolutely need to remember, then I write it down. Then I write it down. And then I go back and I figure out where I need to put that information. But it'll literally be like, hey, you have a vet appointment for your doggos on Tuesday at 3pm. And I'll just go, dogs vet Tuesday, 3pm. And I just write that down. And it's not, that's not where it lives. But it's like, I took that down that way. If I go, when was I supposed to do? Oh yeah. It's like right there. And I can look at it and see it. And then at that point I'll go, oh, let me add that to my calendar. But in the, in the like, as people are talking or as things were happening, I could never really take notes. Because if I'm trying to listen to what's being said with full intention, my brain will just be like, hey, you know, you got that thing with your dogs at 3pm or something like that. Do you need to make sure that the leashes are clean? And then like my brain will just get overwired. Whereas if I'm like hearing someone talking, then I can focus on them talking while I'm taking the interruption center of my brain and preoccupying it with some meaningless task that's just going to keep it, keep it there. That being said, I'm interested because you mentioned the super, super studious nature of your notes where you did things like color code and things like that. I've, I've heard of all of these systems like the Cornell method and like people that do flash cards and things like that. What, like Kathy, what's your secret? What's the thing that, what's the thing that allowed you to, I mean, you've, you've podcasted with me for two years now. Like in that time, we've had two, three systems for doing show notes and taking information and they've all slightly devolved into we get up and we do the show and the show just happens. And that's kind of the show and everything is great. Now, what, what's your secret to consistency on things that you're going to have to keep for a medium to long period of time? Oof. That's a great question that I definitely have an answer for. Not like I'm interviewing you. I think, I think the biggest thing is the fact that I, I'm not too worried about consistency so much as doing what works. And if that means I need to change something, cool. For, I mean, for example, this, the job that I had that each day I use the same color. I tended to use spiral notebooks, but at one point they, I don't know, ran out of spiral or whatever. And I had to use a legal pad. The problem with that is that of course it's yellow paper and I could not use my orange pen on yellow paper. That, that doesn't work. And so I had to change to then like use black so I could read it for until we got spiral notebooks in. And it was a nightmare and it ruined me for the entire time that I was trying to take these notes to the point where I bought spiral notebooks myself to keep in my drawer to make sure that it, like I had some in case, you know, the supply office ran out. But I wasn't worried about what I would need it for in the future because the notes that I took very rarely got reviewed after that week. Like it was never something like, oh, I need to keep this for two years from now so I can come back and see when this voicemail from so-and-so was received. Like that's not, so like I didn't, I don't need, you know, the field notes artisanal box or fancy rubber bands to stack it on the corner like Mr. Stephen Hackett has, because it's not, that's not what I'm taking the notes for. Sure, she'll hear you. It doesn't, the consistency doesn't happen because I tell myself I need to be consistent. The consistency happens because I need it in order to be, to get the things done that I need to get done, if that makes sense. It does. And that kind of points back to a conversation we had in the pre-show, which if people want to hear about that, you know, become a member at letter I, letter M, letter A, superconductor.com, where one of the big things that I've been trying to do now is to do things just for the sake of doing them and then understanding that they are going to have some side effect. I think that the fact that you just take notes, you know, you just keep swimming, you just keep doing the thing. And because you keep doing the thing, even if it's different, there are consistencies and patterns that start to develop over time. And I think this works great with people who are trying to cook. Oh, hey, I know that whenever I cook chicken, there's certain spices and there's a certain way that I like to prepare that. I don't necessarily need to take notes on that. I don't need to document those things because I do it enough times to just understand, OK, I'm going to do this the way I normally do it, but maybe I'll try something a little bit different this time. And this is a problem that I have with note taking is that I don't think all notes are created equal. I think that there are notes that you need to take, kind of as I mentioned before, that are I'm writing this down so that I can remember it later. There are notes that are I'm writing this down to help solidify like the motion of writing it down to solidify learning. I'm from that generation that, you know, if I write something down, I will more than likely remember it longer than if I were to type it. But also there is the I'm writing this down because I might need it in the future. Like, I don't need to remember it, but I just it would be good to have. And that's the one that I often criticize folks on doing because I think that, you know, the the current technological climate that we have at the moment makes it really easy to go and find the things that you're looking for. And yes, I hear people saying, oh, but, you know, it's faster for me to just check my notes for that thing than to go and look for it again. And I hear you. Here's the problem. I forget what I've taken notes on a lot. And there are so many times where, you know, I've used pinboard over the years and a lot of things that I bookmark just automatically get added to pinboard. And there are times when I will go, oh, hey, this link is super useful. I'm going to add it to my pinboard only to see that it's already been added to my pinboard three years ago. Oh, no. So at that point, there's there's no reason for me to sit there and say, oh, I'm going to take extra time to collect this information, present metadata around it and do all these other things where in the future I'm going to do a quick search on the Internet and find the exact same reference to the exact same thing that I was like, this is super important. I need to learn it. And I understand that we also live in a world where information can disappear from the Internet. OK, I'm willing to accept that that information might just disappear and be gone forever. And if it is, then fine. Hopefully, if it's something that I have sincerely, like this has changed my life in a way that I need to make sure it exists for always and forever, I will write a blog post about it. And then at that point, if it disappears, it's my fault because I've chosen to disappear it. But the information, the knowledge that I gleaned from that one thing will now be preserved. And I understand that that doesn't work for everyone. And again, this is a show where we talk about things that we know don't work for everyone, hoping that people will take it and use it. But I mostly want to say all of that to just let people know that like if you're doing something and you know, you feel like I have to do this, but it doesn't seem like it's working, quite frankly, I don't know. I think it's working. Question whether or not you have to do it, because I think in many cases, the answer is probably not. Yeah. Yeah, I know that's a really good thing. That's not like a great word to use. That's a good thing. That's a good thing right there. Good thing. That right there. That's a good thing. You done good. It's like, listen, here at Conduit, we say some of the same things over and over and over. And one of those things that we say, you done good. Yeah, that's good. But also that everyone is different. And awesome. And awesome. And everything, like you're going to have to try things out to see what's going to work for you. And take pieces from each of those to make it work for what you want to do. Because there is no one perfect solution that currently exists out there. You can't just read a book and magically, osmosis brings it to work specifically for your brain. I'm sorry. I know. What's heartbreaking? Oh, no. But that doesn't, that it doesn't. That's not how it works. Yeah. And it sucks. I wish there was a way that we could push a button and magically everything would work. The way that we want it to do. But it doesn't. That's also why there are so many self-help books out there and so many productivity books. And the truth of the matter is, they all have the same flaw. And that is that they were written by somebody else. Oh, I was going to say, and they're all bad. Oh, well, yes, they are all bad. But, you know, it's fine. Because you can, if you enjoy reading them and come into it knowing that they're bad, but not bad, they're not going to be the perfect solution. I'm comfortable with saying they're bad. And this is why. The information that we're giving you right now, right now may help you. Three years from now, probably bad. We're probably going to go back and look at it and be like, oh, man, that was really working back then. It's not working for us right now. We're going to have to do something different. But no, no, I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to stop you right there. I'm going to let you finish. But yeah, Beyonce's album was the number one album of all time. But also, the the self these productivity books are not bad in and of themselves, because there can be things that tickle ideas in your brain that can help you do something. For example, the idea of bullet journaling in and of itself exactly the way that writer Carol Carol, like prepped it, it does not work for me. But this idea of using a notebook and putting the date and having, you know, my appointments and to do list underneath it. That's work. I don't need fancy, like pretty layouts. I don't need future planning in it, because that doesn't work for me, but pieces of it can. The trick of the matter is, is to go into it, understanding that what you are reading is a fantasy. It is a in the event of everything being perfect type of a situation. And in the event that you can give yourself the grace to mess it up, and be patient with yourself. Yes. Oh my gosh, that's that's the most important thing. And that you're not a failure because somebody's perfect process doesn't work for you. Because it doesn't work perfectly for them either. Which is why they have to write the second book. That's why they have to write exactly. It's difficult to be a productivity guru, because you're supposed to write about being productive, but your life and your job is productivity. It sounds exhausting is what it does. It sounds absolutely exhausting. And I much prefer our vibes of being real and doing other things and using that to turn around and help support what we actually do. So this is your message to say that however you take notes is good. And if you need ideas on other options to take notes, sure, go read a book and get ideas and try something out. But once again, just to remember, remember that however your brain works is great. You are glorious and awesome. And trying to be better at what you do or what you want to do by adding, upping your productivity is not a bad thing. Just give yourself forgiveness and grace and make sure that you know that whatever you get done is valid and that's good for you. All right. So I think, are we good with that? Is that a good topic ending? I mean, I took some notes, so I feel like we've done what we set out to do. Excellent. Now, where are you going to put them? Are you going to put them in the show notes? No, they're in my notebook. They'll not go anywhere else. Okay, cool. Well, then what about your connection for the next fortnight? My connection. I've been given that one all over as we were talking. Yeah, this one's this one's tough. The reason it's tough is because I got a lot of stuff happening right now. One thing that I did not do, or that I have not done in the last few, I think it's been over a month, is go get Manny Petty. And I was just talking to my daughter who was like, Hey, I like the paint that you got on your nails. And I looked down and it's all chipped and cracked and scraped and half missing on some of the digits. And I was like, yeah, probably need to go get a new one, get another one done soon. So yeah, my next conduit, Manny Petty happening. Nice. Self-care ain't selfish. Yeah, self-care is needed. Love it. Excellent. What about you? I, as I hinted in my connection check, I sent a lot of things to Goodwill. There are many boxes that I have not even looked in, that I have not touched, which means that I don't need whatever's in them. So I am going to take them to Goodwill. And I will be able to send them to Goodwill to be potentially enjoyed by someone else, but most importantly, sorted by someone else to see if they need anything without being worried about whether or not I'm missing out. Now, I will be going through and making sure there's no money or self-identifying letters or random stuff that needs to be kept. But with the idea that I'm not going to see, oh, what if I maybe need this in the future? Because spoiler alert, I'm not going to need it. You ain't going to need it, Agni. Ain't going to need it. So here we go. That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to get rid of the boxes that are on one side of my wall in my living room and just get them, they're done. They're gone. I don't need the stuff in them. I don't need it. You can clear it. Yeah. And our train enthusiast of the show, Railsie, says, new connection, have fun, make the most of it. Maybe a second holiday for the first holiday. Jump back into the swing of things when it's all done. I like it. Wait, swinging trains might be dangerous. Oh, no. Oh, no. But have fun. You can fun it. Perfect. All right. We have a new conductor who has written in their connection. The one and only Erica Ensign. Wow, I can pronounce her name. She says in parentheses, phrase so you can just read it without swapping pronouns and verb tenses, which I love. It's Erica's first new connection. Is it a super long time before becoming a member because she procrastinated or is it a super long time after becoming a member because she procrastinated or because she had anxiety over picking and of the show name? Why not both? She still doesn't know. Names are hard. Anyway, after a lovely break, it's her turn to edit Total Party Kill again, and she's aiming to complete the next two weeks episode on time and do the initial pass through at least two more episodes. That is a great connection. Exactly what we love to hear for two weeks for the time between conduits. And I totally I wanted to come in and I messaged Erica and I was like, thank you for putting this comment in here too, because I know that there are some connectors that are listening to this show and are concerned and worried about sending in their first connection. And so I love that this comes out, lays bare the anxiety behind it. And I adore that she has been vulnerable with us and shared this this thing. So as a listener and as the host here, we are going to support her in picking her of the show name. We've already sent out a couple options to her. If you have ideas for what Erica's of the show name should be, you know, no pressure. Let it, you know, send it over. Giving her some ideas could help her pick it. Otherwise, you know, as of right now, Erica of the show is perfect because that is her name. And she is the first one here in our show. So I cannot wait, Erica, to hear how you did. And thank you for editing my terrible D&D-ing-ness. I have a suggestion. Since TPK's logo is like the TPK language with like a dragon on it, what if she was the dragon of the show? That way, when she's upset, she could be the blue dragon of the show. Anyway, moving on, our soprano of the show, Deborah says, I've been so busy that I haven't done connections for a couple months. Let's just go for a new connection this time around. I'm going to contact an electrician to schedule a bunch of miscellaneous electrical work in my house. You can do it, Deborah. And welcome back. Absolutely. All right. Our mountain dweller of the show, Logang. Hold on, Kathy. I couldn't understand you. I think my signal was a little Logang. Wow. Next connection. Pick a date for our housewarming party with the house emoji and the party emoji. Party. Yeah, I don't know. I am so excited for parties. Hey. Our shark of the show, One Pair of Shoes, says, my connection for the next conduit, which is also a Fortnite, is to develop and start a plan for a secret project. That's why their name is One Pair of Shoes. They're called Double O Sandal. More to be revealed in the future. Well, this message will not self-destruct. And I look forward to hearing about your secret operative maneuvers. Our identical twin of the show, Aaron, says, new connection. Enjoy my trip that I leave for tomorrow and also avoid the grizzly bears. Yes, please avoid the grizzly bears and make sure to let us know when you get back. But you have, in fact, avoided the grizzly bears. I had a dad joke that just came up, which you'll hear in the after show. Anyway, the other type of bear, our panda of the show, says, new connection, actually focus on trip planning. I said I'd do last time and make more sensible life choices. Huh, that sounds like a good idea. You can do it. Our blue dragon of the show says new connection. Get back home, relax and start to reorientate myself for the rest of the summer. That's perfect. You can do it. The nameless of the show, Name Redacted, says start going to puppy training classes this weekend. Additionally, keep working on the Spotify playlists. I like it. Nice. Our last connection is from code monkey of the show, Douglas. New connection, simplify some work and get rid of some things because I clearly need to get things off of my plate. Yes, say no. And in the future, don't forget to use the tire method. If you would like to submit a connection, you can do so in the relay discord in the hashtag show follow up channel by starting your message with the conduit emoji and putting your connection after. If you are not in our discord, you can also submit feedback by clicking the link in the show notes or using the submit feedback button at relay.fm slash conduit. You can visit letter I, letter M, letter A, superconductor.com to become a member today to get access to the pre and post show banter, an ad free episode and a coworking session in the off weeks with Kathy and Jay. Lastly, check out you can wear it.com for some great conduit merch. Thank you to member full for sponsoring this week's episode and stay tuned. If you are a member to the post show where I will make Jay create a tier list of Tetris shapes. Oh, wow. Okay. Jay, did we conduit? We're about to. Yes. Yes, we conduit.