---
description: Jay and Kathy's lives are being bombarded with unknown timelines and
  expectations. Will they make it through?
pub_date: July 13th, 2023
title: '53: It''s A Mess, We''re A Mess, It''s Messy.'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/53
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we condue our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that messes with the messiness in a way that's probably messy. This episode is brought to you by Micro.blog. I'm one of your hosts, Jay, and with me, the unicorn of time, the most famous internet's busiest unicorn, the absolute profound, possibly hooved, celestial mythical creature that happens to probably be on all of the dawns, the skies, the tweets, the grams, the threads. The one, Kathy Campbell. Hi, Kathy. Oh, that's me. Hi. That's intimidating, but you know what? It's fine. It's fine. I was with people this weekend and somebody was asking what I do in my jobby job. You make magic happen. Yeah, that was kind of it. But then I mentioned podcasts and one of the people I was talking to says, oh yeah, I know I listen. And I was like, oh, oh, there's people that actually listen to the podcasts in real life. Like that, that have heard my voice that are in different spheres. It's very strange. Kathy, if you'll remember, there was an episode of a show called Friends in Your Ears, where I promoted a potential podcast idea of the Los Angeles Yodeling Club. Happy to say, Yodelay can be found. I'm kidding. Kathy, what happened this week in the Discord? Oh my goodness. All right. So first off, if you are a member of Relay FM, switch on. I have a highly recommend that you listen to this month's episode of Spotlight, where I talk with hosts from the show and the Discord asks them anything, sends questions so that I can do an AMA with them. And this month's was with Julia Alexander from Downstream. And it was an absolute delight. If you have not listened to any of them, please go listen to this one. Julius, Julius. Wow. Orange Julius. Orange Julius. Ooh, that sounds good. Julia is incredible. She is so entertaining and so fricking smart that it just like is brilliant. But in addition to that, it's getting to be podcast-a-thon time again, in that we're doing the planning stage of it, which means we are, I am collecting questions for the co-founder's quiz this year, which I will get to be doing in person with our hosts, which is absolutely going to be fantastic. So make sure to head out to the Discord if you're a member to fill out the questionnaire thing so that we can get questions researched in time to have Mike and Stephen answer them. So yeah, lots of fun in the Discord. And usually in the off weeks, we have a super wonderful co-working session with our super full, wonderful superconductor friends. However, last week there was a holiday thing that was happening. I like to call it Terrify Your Dogs Day. I was not happy, but we thought it might be best to let all of our US-centered superconductors and our US-centered hosts, being both of us, take that time to spend time with family, friends, panicking dogs, and just take that time off. But don't worry because next week, next week it's back on. It's back on. It's going to be, it's going to be fire. It's going to be amazing. Kathy, I can't even begin to tell you that this accent is probably coming to a conduit near you. I'm so excited. But we can't talk about that yet. If you want to know why that accent is coming soon, the easiest way to figure out is to go to I'mASuperconductor.com. That is letter I, letter M, letter A, superconductor.com. Become a member today. You'll get access to our pre-show where we talked about Jay's fascination with prints. We talked about someone who plays a ukulele really badly. Well, we actually had no judgment on their ukulele skills, but they just do other bad things. And then we talked about why Kathy is about to be in the most trouble of all time if things don't happen. And if you want to know why again, letter I, letter M, letter A, superconductor.com. Kathy, it's time for connection checks. Oh, jeez. That again. That again. How'd you do? Uh, I did as well as you did, Jay. Looking at our show notes here. I did not touch. I know. I know. It's fine. I did not touch a single box. My connection was to clear out the front room. Did not touch any of them. My July is absolutely ridiculous. It's not getting any better. And in fact, it will get worse for potentially many reasons. And that means that it's survival time. So I don't feel bad about my red X because I am still here. I'm still alive. I'm sleeping, which is all good. So, um, yeah. What about you, Jay? I don't know what would be more fun to do a show in like my absolute most Southern accent or to do a show in like the nineties rock, like, I'm still alive. Like that, that whole voice. Oh yeah. No, I didn't. I know. Um, yeah, we're moving and I needed, I thought I needed some me time. And yeah, no me time was not afforded. Um, the me time, the only me time that I got was like sitting in my room with a glass of whiskey, um, watching a documentary about one of my favorite musicians of all time. And that happened last night. So there is, there is like not much time to do anything as we will talk about, um, let alone get a manicure or a pedicure, let alone both of those things at the same time. But it is absolutely needed. Um, you can't hear them, but my dogs is barking. Okay. Um, so I am going to, I'm sorry, your feet hurt. Yeah, that's, I'm so funny. So funny. Y'all do you need to go take care of them? No, no, I, I, I, that's exactly what I meant was my feet hurt. Um, so in many ways you are funny. Um, but you know what is funny? The fact that even though we didn't do a lot of stuff, I'm seeing a lot of green from our conductors. So, uh, how do our conductors do? Yeah. Uh, code monkey of the show, Douglas, unfortunately we're going to start with a red square, but that's okay. I didn't set that one up well. No, no, but that's okay. We you're forgiven. Uh, I could have, you know, adjusted, but I didn't think ahead of the time. So you know what? That's fine because real life is messy. Um, code monkey of the show, Douglas says red square made more messes and spent way too much time on work instead of getting my office more organized or me time because I got slammed at work. On a positive note, my garden is very happy, which makes me very happy. That's green. Uh, it green thumb. Yes. No, that's true. Green, green thumb for Douglas because I don't have a garden. I have a messy front yard and it's growing. What is garden? How do I garden? Yeah, I don't know. The blue dragon of the show, Skyler says, uh, blue heart back home from the beach vacation, taking the time to relax. Sounds like someone's getting a vacay for their vacay. Hey, hey, vacay. Yeah. Um, our soprano of the show, Debo says connection check green square contacted an electrician and have them scheduled to come next week for an estimate. Yay. You did the hard part, which is connecting. So well done. The, uh, for some reason I thought I said the super Canadian trivia card enthusiasts of the show. I mean, yeah, we can call her the super Canadian trivia card enthusiasts of the show. The super Canadian trivia card enthusiasts of the show. Erica especially said she's in the live stream right now. She made it. Hooray. Hey, uh, Erica says, uh, green dragon finished and scheduled two weeks of TPK. Go check out that podcast. Kathy's on it. There's a lot of fun things that happen. Um, you said, uh, oh, Oh, just because, uh, chaos reigns, but yes. Okay. Um, yeah. Uh, yep. Two weeks of TPK and picked an of the show, the super Canadian trivia card enthusiasts of the show. Um, and it works on two levels. She's Canadian. She's super and a bonus one. She has feelings about trivia cards and those cards and are of Canadian origin. And that's why our, uh, trivial pursuit started. I love this. And also I love that Erica's hanging out with us. For those that want to hear all of us hanging out with Erica, check out an episode of, um, the show that Erica does that I was on. Pursuit. Yes. Random pursuit. Hey, I never got a notification that that episode went live. I'm guessing that you could hear it. I'm guessing that you could hear us on the show at some point. If you can, we'll have a link to the show notes. We'll have a link in the show. But I'm a professional podcaster and definitely not trying to find it, um, on the internet because that would be silly. Uh, so instead we're going to move on to our Panda of the show, James, who says connection check green check mark 90% packed for his trips, 90% sensible life choices made 10% inner peace achieved. I'll still take that as a win. Absa flipping Lutely. That's 190%. I like it. James, where are you going? Let us know. Um, we already know. And it's classified. If we told you, we'd have to unsubscribe you from the show. Um, our civil engineer of the show, Dan says connection check green heart successfully organized my projects and made a priority list and got stuff done. Oh, it feels good. It does feel good. And congratulations, Dan. Yay. Getting stuff done. Uh, our shark of the show says connection check, sad face. My connection to develop and start a plan for a secret project was a fail. The plan was too ambitious and I got sick as I started to try to execute it. I will revise and try again. This is great because trying and failing does not mean that you have failed as a whole. And so readjusting, reevaluating, recognizing your humanity and being able to turn around and say, okay, I'm good to go. Let's make these adjustments is, uh, the true sense of, um, absolute amazingness. So I'm super excited for you. Our train enthusiasts of the show rails. He says green circle, um, plane emoji. Sorry. The text is really small. Plane landing emoji, plane landing emojis, um, made most of the holiday, had a good time, great time, only on day two of returning back, but I have appeared to have stolen everyone's sleep as I slept for 14 hours on Sunday. I was, I was intending to nap to charge my watch and phone for an hour. It was not a nap. It was asleep. Um, and 11 hours last night. Um, so yeah, that's, that's kind of a lot. Um, that's okay. The body does what the body needs and the body needs sleep. So you got your sleep back. Um, just try to stay awake at some point and, and try to save some sleep for the rest of us, please. And thank you. Yes. Uh, identical twin of the show. Aaron says connection check green Christmas tree, or I guess just green evergreen tree. Cause there's no Christmas lights on it. So a green tree enjoyed the heck out of my trip, hiked 51 kilometers over six days and saw so much beauty that the Rocky mountains have to offer. If anything, I wish I was still there. I am so excited for you. That sounds terrible to me, but that's okay because people are different. I'm so excited. You had a great trip. Our Oracle of the show. So says yellow heart. I've mostly managed to swim once a week, just missed one week. It's a good, wait once a week. Okay. Yep. Sorry. Nope. I can't, I, I, I process. You're doing great. Jay. Yeah. You're doing great. Mostly managed to swim once a week, just missed one week. It's a good start to the habit. Yes. Agreed. Yes. Yes. Perfect. Correct. Swimming, swimming in the pool. Swimming is really cool. I don't know where this is going, so I'm just going to stop now before my voice starts to get a little, Hey Kathy, who's next? Our mountain dweller of the show. Green square. Mostly we decided to do a bunch of small micro house warming parties with just a couple of friends each instead of one big overwhelming one. So we have the first one scheduled. That is such a smart idea. I love that idea. So you don't have to plan this overwhelming, like huge, Oh, try and find things where, you know, when everyone can come together and like have big food things or whatever. I love this for you. I'm so excited. And wait, what we've got folks. We've got a double, a double, because I think I added it wrong. So we're going to ignore what we said earlier, but that means, as I said before, it's all green around here. The code monkey of the show, Douglas says green heart delegated project to a subcontractor, which allowed work to get done on a time crunch and made for some awesomely stress free weekends and said no to a couple of other things. And I say that as I immediately go, Oh no, because apparently there was one more that got added as, as I just professed. You know what? It's fine. It's fine. We're, we're doing great. The nameless of the show slipped in under the radar, connection check, red circle. I completely forgot about my connections and did not go to the puppy training class. You know what? That's okay though. Doesn't have a name. Doesn't count. Yep. We're perfect. All set. All good. We are all set. This episode of conduit is brought to you by micro.blog. Blogging is still the easiest way to share stuff on the web and micro.blog is the easiest way to blog. Personal blogging is making a comeback thanks to all the disruption in social media. So if you have always wanted to build your own place on the internet to keep and share the stuff you love, micro.blog is for you. Micro.blog is the blog you will actually use because we've made it so easy to write short or long blog posts, share photos, keep a log of the books you read, and even create your own podcast. There are so many things you can do with a blog at micro.blog. It's a great place to host a site dedicated to your special interests or hobby. For example, check out sticker spotter.com, the brain child of Mike Madeira, who's a photographer and micro blogger in Lisbon. Mike loves to find cool stickers on his daily walks around the city and he collects them on sticker spotter.com hosted at micro.blog. Check out sticker spotter and see how fun it can be to dedicate a blog to your hobby. You can follow Mike too. He is just one of the most friendly, interesting people who make the micro.blog community such a special place. Jay, do you have any micro.blog? Yeah, follow me. KJ Miller at micro.blog. That's me. Follow me. I try to post. I'm not feeling very social right now, Kathy. But it's okay. That's the nice thing about social media is that you can choose when to do it. And when you want to be social versus not social, micro.blog hosting normally starts at $5 per month. But right now you can get their special summer of blogging introductory offer and have fun sharing your summer for just $1 a month. I almost shouted summer of blogging. Summer of blogs. Oh. Head to micro.blog slash summer to sign up now. Our thanks to micro.blog for their support of the show and all of Relay FM. I say thanks in a different language every time. We're going to try it in Tamil. You can do it. I'm pretty sure I did that wrong. I had to play that back about 15 times and I still think I got it wrong. If I got it wrong, if you speak Tamil, let me know. But then also, I'm sorry. And we still love you. And thank you. Kathy, I have a child. Child be making messes. I have dogs. Dogs be making messes. I have a cat. Cat be making messes. I have myself. I be making messes. I have a unicorn friend. My unicorn friend be making messes. You know, we were talking about this interesting concept a few episodes back about like kind of what to do when you can't even or cannot. I say a couple of episodes back. I'm pretty sure that was like that was like a year ago. Yeah. If not more, but probably more. Ignore the time is weird. Yeah. Time is. Yeah. Yeah. But ignore that. What's what's interesting is we are often trying to figure out a game plan for navigating around like the messy like you've got too much to do. It's like you've got too many tasks to complete. It's a mess. Well, what do you do? Well, you say less. You do less. You check your tire pressure and things, you know, and honestly, for both of us, the past conduit has been an absolute like barrage of things happening beyond our control. Like I think we've talked about it before. I'm moving. I don't know what people have I don't know how many people have tried to move across the country before, but there's a lot of things that you have to think about. But you also have to figure out like when you need to do those things, because if you do them too soon, moving dates might move and then you got to pay lots of money to fix them. If you do it too late, stuff happens and people aren't ready. And then you got to find someone else and you got to pay lots of money and you go without sleep. I wonder which side of the wheel that I'm on. No idea. But on top of that, I have my commitments with my family, my commitments, you know, here with selling this house, and also, you know, my job that that's a whole thing got a whole job that I got to do. Life right now is a mess. I don't know what the next hour or two looks like because up until last like this past weekend, people were literally scheduling to come into my house and look at it to offer me money for it. And that meant that like, at a moment's notice, I had to stop what I was doing, grab everything and start moving. Kathy, I've heard your your conduits been messy too, right? Oh my gosh, it has been. So this past weekend, I pretty much spent more time traveling to a thing than I spent at the thing, which is fine. It was a good, you know, it's for a good reason. It's for like an awesome, like a group of people. Like it was good, but I still had to fly to Atlanta, which is a very, it's it's difficult for West coasters to do as a whole to go to the East Coast. But I did it. I survived. I made it back. But I'm exhausted. And in in it, I I'm so tired. Because I also have like this next conduit is going to be even more bananas. And again, it's mostly actually even fun things. I'm spending time with people that I really enjoy and some that I haven't met in person before. And like, it's going to be great. It's going to be awesome. So many opportunities involved in there is also Taylor Swift. Like, it's it's it's going to be great, but it's also exhausting because anytime you go anywhere and do anything, you also need to like, I don't know, pack things and eat things and take care of other people that you have a responsibility for. My kid is at dance camp all week, so they're not even like home to help with, you know, things, making sure everything's fine. It's just I am so tired of I am so I'm so tired. I'm pretty tired. Again, we've talked about it before being pretty tired and whatnot. But like, it's it's messy because there's so many things that could change at a moment's notice. So many things that easily could be a complete disaster that I can only do so much about. And I'm again, I'm just it's messy and I'm doing my best and I'm trying to acknowledge the fact that this is OK. And everything's going to be all right. And whatever happens is going to happen and it's going to be fine. Not only is it going to be fine, but it will be a success. Because in the end, good things will still happen. And yes, I'm doing my best. Thank you, James. But sometimes I wish that my best was better, but it's OK because I have people to support me. I. I just. Folks, you can you can hear it in our voices. There's so much there's just so much right now. And the thing that, you know, ultimately, we were going to talk about, like, how are we even managing? And and I would say, I don't know. Yeah, I genuinely don't know. For me, I've best been managing by making sure one, I've been leaning on my calendar way more. Everything has to go into the calendar because I have to be ready to tell somebody, you know, like a heart's like a like a minute's notice. And I mean, it has to be as simple as like, oh, I have to add big grocery store trip to the calendar because if someone decides that they want to view our house right during or before a big grocery store trip, we're not there to clean, you know, to clean up and make sure things are looking their best. So I have quite leaned heavily on just having everything blocked, not even like time blocking levels, but just like, hey, what are you doing? Throw that in the calendar. Hey, what are you thinking about doing? Throw that in the calendar. Hey, what is what could potentially happen in a one in a million opportunity to see the Internet's most awesome unicorn and the Internet's most amazing artist apparently at the one place at the same time, according to TMZ, just put it in the calendar. Everything has like I've had to be so meticulous and just on top of everything and upfront and honest with my teammates at work and my boss and just say, hey, like, you know, this is coming, you know, this is happening, you know, where we are with this whole process. It is madness right now. Yeah, I think the hardest the hardest part for this for me is the out of control nature of it. I don't know if you if you know this, but I like to be in control of things because so much of my life is out of control that it becomes difficult to be able to like when when there's stuff that's out of control and I can't fix it, I easily get overwhelmed and it gets frustrating and it's exhausting and, you know, it's I was going to say it's fine and it is I know that this is a not a failure necessarily, but it's definitely a like a concern, a self-awareness that I have basically, I know how difficult it is and how how exhausting it's making me and I know I do deserve, you know, patience and like kindness to myself and all of that and I'm learning and I'm working on it and all of that, but it's sometimes I wish I could do better and again it's I'm I'm okay. Everything's okay. It's gonna be good. It's gonna be fine. I will, you know, I have forgiveness for myself. I know what's going on. It's gonna be good, but right in the middle of it, it's so easy to just kind of sit in this overwhelm and not be able to do anything because I see this long list of things that need to happen and instead of being able to do things, I shut down. For example, one of the things I'm doing is putting together a grocery list for an event that I have going on this week. There's about 30 of us that are hanging out in Airbnbs and we're making sure that there's enough food for everybody. So I collected people's like particular, what do you like to drink? What sort of soda? Like put all of these things in a Slack channel and people answered and I have a huge list, but the thought of going into each of those Slack threads and pulling the information and like putting it into somewhere else completely like my brain just shut down and I was not able to do it. But because I have amazing friends and people, someone else did it. It took them like 10 minutes to do. She sent it over to me and she's like, here you go. And I'm just like, I definitely, definitely found like the stress of it hit harder than like the actual task would have taken. But because brains are dumb, brains are special, we love our brains. It can be too much sometimes. And so I'm also, I'm working on forgiving myself and giving myself the support that I need. I'm also like, I'm doing dinner with a friend tonight that's not involved with the thing, like just to decompress and try and like take my mind off of everything. I am also planning on taking a nap this afternoon and I have it scheduled in my day because I know I need to be kinder to myself than even normal, more so than normal. And so it's interesting. So yeah, when you have a mess, it's difficult to manage. But I know that having supportive people around you is also important. And so yeah, that's kind of where that is. Thank you to my community that are so awesome. I don't have to say everything that Kathy just said because she's awesome and said it. And I just agree with it. Relying on family, relying on coworkers, asking for help when you need it. Yeah, I've truly had to do that more. And I think something that we were, I think over we're shadowing on this is we're putting some of this on us intentionally for good reasons. I deal with my anxieties. My partner has her own anxieties. And we know each other's strengths and weaknesses and rely on each other to pick up the things that it might be harder for me, but it could be debilitating. And on top of all the messiness that is just life in general, Kathy has the added note of being a caregiver. And so a lot of these things are not just, that's the thing that I always love when people are just like, oh yeah, you just got to do less. And it's like, well, I mean, sure. That was really an option. Not to get angry at the listener because y'all did nothing wrong. No, not at all. But this is why we wanted to address the idea of messiness because a lot of folks try to attack it from the perspective of, well, you don't have to have the messiness. Just don't be messy. And it's like, sure. Okay. Yeah. I would love that. My child put slime in her hair yesterday. That's like, what kind of messiness, what book do I read to avoid that one? So I got home from the airport late Sunday night after flying home from Georgia. And the first two hours of being home were spent doing caregiving tasks that needed to happen. I could not relax. It took a while for me to calm down and decompress enough to fall asleep because I had to do other things that I didn't plan for, but it happens. And there's nothing that I could have done. Excuse me. There's nothing that I could have done differently to prepare separately for this. Like it's just not, it's not possible to make those changes and that's okay. I'm going to do my best. I'm going to continue to do my best and be aware of it and hopefully give myself more kindness. Yes. And I mean, the last thing I'll throw out there is I've retreated into taking time to play video games every once in a while, give myself an hour at the end of the day. Obviously we're not going to talk about what game I play because, spoiler alert, Kathy's going to be playing it at the end of the show. Oh no. Yeah. If you want to see that, you got to be a superconductor. But I am making time for myself, which again, sure, I failed on my connection check to get a mani-pedi. But I would say in all things, when it's messy, find the one clean thing that you got for yourself and like, hold onto that thing for dear life. For me, that's putting my child to bed and then going into my room and, you know, stacking blocks or, you know, pretending that I'm a GM of a baseball team and doing weird fantasy draft things. And like, I don't know, trying to win a world series or something. But I know that these things are limited. I can do that in a single run in like an hour. And by the end of it, I can just be done, put it away and until next time, and then come back to it and start from zero all over again, which is really what I need. But yeah, find those things that aren't so messy in your messy routine when you have these kinds of situations and do your best to make even a little bit of time, five, 10, 15 minutes, a little bit of time. I started doing Duolingo again just because it gave me something to do other than doom scrolling when I go on my biologically required breaks. Yeah, I've been playing a lot more Zelda because it's so peaceful to just get on a horse and ride around places and do kind of whatever I want in a world that, you know, is low key. And if I don't want to, I still have, so I've got three of the big bad guys beaten and I'm two, I finished like a temple for the last fourth one and I can't ever get around, I can't beat it. And I'm just like, you know what, that's okay. I'm gonna just not do that. And I'm gonna go around and I'm gonna just ride on my horsey. And so right now I'm kind of going around and trying to collect all of the extra special like weird horses that you can get. I just got the golden one, which is fun, I guess spoilers for Tears of the Kingdom. But it's so low key to like just be like, I'm done with this, I'm gonna go over here. And if I die, it's fine because I'll just like, I don't lose anything really. But it's also weird not having my kid home. They won't be home when I leave for the weekend either, which is also strange. Like, just lots of things are messy and I'm doing my best. Kathy is taking her horse to the Old Town Road. She's gonna ride it so she can't come home. All right, once again, this podcast is over. Wow. Wait, why would a unicorn need a horse? Because I need support. So the horse is just, it's a workhorse. I see how it is. Yep. Yep. Yep. It's the moral support horse. No horn. That means you get in the back and work. Yep. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. Messiness is okay. Messiness is normal. Messiness is acceptable. And necessary in life. And you know what, it's, I will say this though, I have said no to things that I'm very proud of, because I still want to do them. And, but I knew that my energy wouldn't, like my, my tire pressure was gone. And so I said no to something that I actually am sad, because I really wanted to do. But it's for, it's really for the best. And I feel so much better having said, like, no and canceling on this, which like good, good, good job for me. Go me. I am proud of myself. At the end of every ad reading, we'll say no, thanks. Yeah. Just kidding. Just kidding. We love our ads. We love our sponsors very much. To the end of our, to our messiness, we'll say no thanks. Yes. No, to our, our messiness. Oh, we definitely say no thanks to our messiness. Yeah. But to our messiness, we say, we acknowledge you and dislike you, but still we still realize that, hey, this happens and do our best. Yep. Speaking of doing our best, what are we going to do our best to do? Or what are we going to do? What are we going to try to do our best to do in the next conduit? Oh, goodness. I am going to have fun. Make time to see your co-host. Yes. Yeah. I am going to live in the moment. How about that? There are so many like really special moments that are coming down the pipe in the next two weeks. And I want to be able to sit and enjoy the vibes as the kids say, and really like live in the exciting things that are happening and be able to enjoy them and experience them fully in whatever that looks like. You're going to do it for the vibes. Yes. I'm putting that in my connection. Do it for the vibe. Okay. I like that. It's going to, that's a good one. I'm going to do a little bit of logistic stuff only because, well, I'll explain why. I'm going to get our cable stuff set up for the new house. And the reason being is if I don't, the first conduit in the new house will be in the middle of August. And if I don't get it done in the next two weeks, the internet probably won't be on for me to do it. So. Yeah. I think we need internet. Exactly. So. Plus you couldn't do your work either. Yeah. I mean, there is also that, but we know the real important things in life. Yeah. It's conduit. Yeah. So that's my connection is to get a connection, an internet connection. I love it. That's a good word. Do that. And for our conductors, our blue dragon of the show, Skylar says new connection, redo my resume and start applying for some interesting jobs. I love it. Ooh, job hunt. Yay. Good luck. Our soprano of the show, Devo says next connection, stick with the scheduling things with tradespeople theme and contact someone to pressure wash our patio and possibly to restain our porch. Oh, that reminds me of another thing that I got to do. Oh, thank you, Devo for that reminder. Our Canadian trivia, sorry, our super Canadian trivia card enthusiasts of the show, Erica says new connection, have a good time on her road trip, but not so good a time. She ends up tired out and sick after the trip as so often happens after travel. Gotta learn to take it easy more often. Abs-a-frickin-lutely taking it easy. There's a song in there, but I don't remember what it is. So I'm going to just pause and say continue on, please, Jay. Our giant black and white bamboo eating animal of the show, James says have a good time on the trip, but not such a good time. Wait a minute. Didn't you just read this one? I guess the spreadsheet's broken. Looking forward to meeting up with some very good friends. Good job, Jay, James and Jay. Anyways, shark of the show. My connection for the next Fortnite is to get my office cleaned up. It is starting to have an effect on my focus. Oof. Yeah, I need, I need that. And our train enthusiast of the show, Relsie says return back to the swing of things and stop stealing everyone's sleep. Yeah, we're going to call the sleep patrol on you. Yes, the sleepy paw patrol. Ha ha. Oh. All right. No, okay. Fine. Our identical twin of the show, Aaron says new connection. I shipped a demo of my side project this week, looking to make improvements to it, engage overall interest in the game. Heck yeah. Super excited for you. I especially love the part where we show up because of course we're in it, right? Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. Our oracle of the show. So set up a project box for the new journal article and do 15 minutes of writing a day at least five times a week. You know what? I I'm going to give it to so if no one else wants to give so their flowers, I'm going to, I absolutely love how so has been using these connection checks to just do some actionable stuff and to just turn out content left and right. For going on two years now, which is, is I'm so proud of so dude, they are killing it. Oh my goodness. The best way I see this and I'm just like another one. Like this is just, ah, it's so good. It's so good. Amazing. Uh, our mountain dweller of the show. Okay. Okay. So celebrate actually have the housewarming parties, take my wife out for our anniversary and enjoy both of our birthdays. Oh, that's so awesome. We're, I need, I need to hang out with low gang. This is, this is, this is gotta, I say that because again, housewarming and anniversary, these are two things that are happening for us right now that are conflicting with each other. So we were very much in the same scope of planning right now. Yes. For sure. And then our code monkey. Oh, I keep thinking that's the last one. And then I'd go to the next page. Our code monkey of the show. Douglas says, keep simplifying and saying no, um, and or delegating. Yes. Absolutely. Amazing. Uh, our final connection of the show comes from the nameless of the show. New connection. Remember about the train puppy training classes. This conduit. I also want to be better about listening to music instead of having three screens on in the background while working. I am ending my workday feeling like I need more screen time while already feeling tired from having all those screens. I am only half watching. Don't forget about the puppy training classes next time. Oh, ah, it was edited. Okay. Hold on. Let me try this again. New connection. Don't forget about the puppy training classes next time. Also, I've realized that I've been feeling tired at the end of my work days due to having three screens on in the background. I want to make a better effort to listen to music instead, as I've been overwhelmed and tired by the end of the day, even though I'm not fully engaged with any of the screens. I hope that music calms my mind in the same way these screens do. That is a really, really great one. Not just the puppy training, but also learning what your body is doing and how it's reacting is so important. Being able to acknowledge this and recognize it is pretty incredible. Well done. Yes. If you would like to submit a connection, you can do so in the relay, FM, switch on, Discord, in the hashtag show follow up channel by starting your message with the conduit emoji and putting your connection after. You can also submit feedback by clicking the link in the show notes or using the submit feedback button at relay.fm slash conduit. Visit. I'm a superconductor to become a member today to get access to the pre and post show banter and an ad free episode in the coworking session. I'm sorry. And a coworking session in the off weeks with Kathy and Jay in this post show, Kathy will be playing Tetris, but it's not Tetris. It's Tetris, but the blocks be sand. Kathy's going to be playing sand tricks. I don't know what's going to happen. It'll be fun. Lastly, check out you con where it.com for some great conduit merch and thank you to micro.blog for sponsoring this week's episode. Kathy, it was a mess, but did we do it? I think we did. We let let's just say we did something, which means we were successful. Good enough for me.