---
description: Jay just moved and Kathy also moved like a month ago (or maybe two years
  ago) so we’re looking at some of the desires Jay has for his new space and what
  may be the reality of things.
pub_date: August 10th, 2023
title: '55: Expectations of Being in a New Space'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/55
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show we condue our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that has all the goss about steel chairs and chanclas. I am your host Jay and with me is the other host of this wonderful show. The most famous, the biggest name in podcasting, the one, the unicorn, Kathy Campbell. Hey Kathy. Oh my goodness. Hi Jay. I'm so excited that this episode is brought to you by Micro.blog and electric. I forgot about them. Hey, it's been a while since I've done a recording. I've also gone from like one location in the country to the complete opposite of that. So little grace. Yep. Yep. Absolutely. Absolutely. So what happened this week in the discord? Oh boy. Lots of fun that you can check out in starboard, which is always one of my favorite places to kind of scroll because that's where things happen and that's where things stay. So like there was a little bit of a mind sweeper in a message. There was some discussion on wait what? I don't know what, I don't remember what happened with the wait what, but like there's like four, five, six, five posts in starboard that say wait what? And it's hilarious. We learned that James Thompson headed down to London for a super secret project and got experience his exhaustion with that, but that was kind of fun. Not for us. Most importantly, we're getting ready for podcastathon, including getting the questions together for the Relay FM Switch On co-founders quiz that I will be presenting. So check the show notes for a link to submit your questions and possibly answers that will be verified and help me do the best show possible. It's for the kids. It's for the kids indeed. Yeah. And then usually in the off week, I would attend our regularly off scheduled co-working session with all of our super conductors. However, yeah, I was in a hotel or on a plane or somewhere in between. Your message was I am about to fly. Oh yeah, sorry. I was with a sedated cat and two people who were terrified of flying, not sitting right next to them, but sitting close enough to see them as the cat was underneath me making lots of noise. I'm sorry for whoever flew with us. But apparently in the co-working, Kathy and our superconductor friends hung out and helped Nameless survive the VPN being down and learned a lot about the Northwest territory. This sounds like one I would have loved. I love talking about individual regions of Canada. It was great. So it started out just Nameless and I hanging out. Mango was getting her hair did so she didn't even join us at the event. I think the VPN was down for like 30 minutes or so. Apparently it happens every Tuesday or something. I don't know. It was a terrible situation. And then Erica Ensign joined us and we discussed road trips and how far it is to the north to get to the Northwest territories and how unpopulated it is. It was fantastic. It was great. Cozy moment. So much fun. Yeah, that sounds like a challenge. Yeah, I would have loved to have been there. Love to have done that. Love to have been there. And I wish you were there too. And if you want to talk about VPNs being down, I could tell you about my journey with VPN stuff, but I think we're going to save that for the post show. So if you want access to the Discord, the co-working session, why we were talking about all the celebrity hot goss and then as well as the super awesome post show where I recap all of the journeys of my move, visit I'm a superconductor.com and become a member today. Letter I, letter M, letter A, superconductor.com. Yes. And we have a shout out. So shout out to the fish bear of the show, Fishy Kai for figuring it out. So last episode, I talked about my previous blog that I ran called Keeping Junk Managed and Fishy Kai aptly responded. So Keeping Junked Managed, KJM. For those that don't know me, my initials are KJM. Fishy Kai says, I think I'm on the side of Jay is good at naming things. Well, thank you. That was, yeah, that was the joke was I wanted to do GTD, but I wanted to have it since everyone's like, oh, David Allen's GTD. I was like, oh, what about, what about KJM's KJM? So good job catching that. Stop engaging Jay. He does not need your support in his naming things. But what I do need is our connection checks. Zamp. Oh, never gets old. Kathy, you were supposed to recover. You were not supposed to add on new things. You were supposed to take breaks. Did this all happen? I did take breaks. In fact, on Friday, I spent 10 hours just sitting in a friend's backyard. Oh, nice. It was amazing and sorely needed, especially because I started it with sushi with that friend and then I went back to their house and then I ended it with ribs and twice baked potatoes and a really yummy salad. So it was kind of the perfect day. That sounds absolutely wonderful. I love it and I approve. What about you? My connection check was to move across the country. Across the country, I did move. And I'm happy to say that I am now in a spotty internet connected. It has rained consistently for the last four days. Very echoey office because I did indeed move across the country. In fact, I actually took time off of work to do said a cross country move. I am very, one, proud of myself and two, so excited to get back to work. Oh, my goodness. I'd never want to do that again. I cannot handle not working while everyone around me is working and just seeing my emails pile. Like within the two weeks that I wasn't really able to keep up on things. Definitely not the best for me in my mental health in that moment. Well, you learned. You learned. Learned I did. Did our conductors learn? I think so. Starting with Debo, our soprano of the show, connection check, Green Heart. Debo slash chair rentals and catering is in progress for an upcoming choir party. So should I wait for my invitation in the mail or is it coming via discord? How should I? I mean, I could pretend to sing. I mean, I can sing just really badly. No one would ever believe that I was part of a choir, so maybe not. There is a stretch goal of membership that we do a conduit from a karaoke booth. I'm going to need you all to get on that as soon as possible. No? Our blue dragon of the show, Skyler, says connection check. It has been a month since I submitted a connection. That is two whole conduits. I'm sorry. But in that time, I have attended a few interviews and got an offer for an undergraduate research assistant position, which was the best outcome of the job search that I could have hoped for. Congratulations. Job searching happened and it was completed. So good job, Sky. We're proud of them. And super, like, I just can't wait to learn about what you're going to be doing in this new role when you attend one of our upcoming co-working sessions. Also, you don't ever have to apologize for not submitting a connection. Yes, you do every time. Oh, I'm kidding. Listen, stop it. Stop it. You I don't know if I like one o'clock in the afternoon, Jay. You're feisty. Our Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica, says connection check. Green Apple survived the neurologist appointment, asked lots of good questions and even got good non-scary news. Perfection. And our Scottish panda of the show, I said that, did I say that right? Yes. James says connection check. Red Apple. Well, I failed to start the real work until yesterday because I had an unexpected secret trip to the Battersea power station. If it was a secret trip and you make it a connection that we read on the show, it's no longer a secret. I need to spend my time preparing for that. Technically, that was also work. So technically, I did green checkmarked it, but it's not the work that I needed to be doing right now. I just want to mention that we had two apples in a row and they say an apple a day keeps the doctor away. So I don't really care what color they were. I just glad that we're in a good state of health. It's true. And you would have done the work that you needed to do if you hadn't have done that also work trip. So I definitely think you need a green checkmark or at least a yellow apple. But you know, that's OK. The yellow apples are going bad. Oh, no. Our mountain dweller of the show, Logang. Is that is that OK? Did I say that right, Jay? It's it's one something here. I don't know if I have this. Let's try it. Hello. Hello. Hello, gang. Connection check. Red circle. I got some bookshelves on the wall, but somehow the rest of the office got more stuff in it and more messy. I definitely think yellow circle because you got some bookshelves on the wall, which means you started, which means that's at least a partial transfer. And also a messy office is the final stage before it gets clean because you have to get everything out of the way. Oh, I feel that there's an ADHD short that I saw yesterday that validated what you just said. The identical twin of the show, Aaron, says Green Checkmark, my unofficial connection was the work on a trailer for my game project. It requires a small edit and then I should be able to publish it shortly. Oh, I can't wait for the conduit game to come out. Yay. It's like Tetris, but sand. I am working on a talk that I'm giving where Tetris is heavily like featured. Of course it is. Ramon, the distracted Colombian of the show, says connection check, green checkmark. I know it's been a long time since I've given updates, but I finally finished reading my book. No one writes to the Colonel. My foot's all healed from the bad fall and I started including the gym and nice long walks in my daily routine. That sounds like three green checkmarks. Well done. And our Oracle of the show, Soph, says Yellow Heart, the plan was to do 30 minutes a day of writing on a particular project, but I've had a rough couple of weeks. So have I. So it didn't happen a lot, but I did manage to do it on a few days. Way to go, Soph. Way to at least take a little bit of time when things are going rough to just try to keep the pattern going. Yes. Absolutely. Our code monkey of the show, Douglas, says connection check, green checkmarks, three of them. In fact, finally got my office organized, new bookshelves up, boxes from my move three years ago cleared out and monitors on stands. Well, flipping done. I refuse to let these boxes last for three years. That will not happen. Our train enthusiast of the show, Relsie, says green square, got the keys, got the new carpet and starting to move in things. Pretty great work. I'm glad that we are a podcast where everyone tends to be doing amazing things while we're also continuing to do amazing things. It's been great knowing that me moving was accompanied by several others also moving and hopefully we're keeping each other accountable in all of these moves. Absolutely. The nameless of the show, nameless connection check, red circle. I wanted to reduce my phone usage and make more time for playing video games. However, it seems like I've ended up spending even more time on my screen. To avoid this, I need to ensure I set myself up for success for success in the upcoming conduit. Yes, you can do it. Also, Bloons is now on Apple Arcade, which is an amazing tower defense game. So if you want to compromise, just play Bloons on your phone. Yeah. This episode of Conduit is brought to you by Micro.blog. Blogging is still the easiest way to share stuff on the web and Micro.blog is the easiest way to blog. Personal blogging is making a comeback thanks to all of the disruption in social media. So if you have always wanted to build your own stuff on the Internet to keep and share the stuff you love, Micro.blog is for you. Micro.blog is the blog you will actually use because we've made it so easy to write short or long blog posts, share photos, keep a log of the books you read and even create your own podcast. There are so many things you can do with a blog and Micro.blog. It's a great place to host a site dedicated to your special interests or hobby. For an example, check out stickerspotter.com, the brainchild of Mike Madeira, who's a photographer and microblogger in Lisbon. Mike loves to find cool stickers on his daily walks around the city and he collects them on stickerspotter.com, hosted at Micro.blog. Check out stickerspotter and see how fun it can be to dedicate a blog to your hobby. You can follow Mike, too. He is just one of the most friendly, interesting people who make the Micro.blog community such a special place. How's your Micro.blog going, Jay? Your name's not Mike. My name is not Mike. Yeah, I have been very not on social media all that much. So I still stand by what I've been saying. And this is going to be my general promotion of all things social in a community that I appreciate. I recently wanted a feature added to my code editor of choice and with the help of publishing to not only Micro.blog, but to thread or not threads. I'm not on threads, but mastodon and Twitter now known as X and my personal blog all at the same time because Micro.blog supports this amazing feature that I can't get, you know, I can't be happy enough about. We were able to get the amount of support behind that feature in less than a day, which is absolutely phenomenal. So in probably six months, because development is hard, we'll have an entire feature and it is just period because of some of the features that are supported by Micro.blog. Excellent. Micro.blog hosting normally starts at five dollars per month. But right now you can get in their special summer of blogging introductory offer and have fun sharing your summer for just one dollar a month. Head to Micro.blog slash summer to sign up now. Our thanks to Micro.blog for their support of this show and all of Relay FM. And at the end of every ad read, I like to thank our sponsors and those listening by saying thank you in a different language. This time around, we are going with Shona and I'm just going to say Indatenda. Nice. So Kathy. So Jay, you moved, eh? I moved and I remember it was only six months ago when you moved. Or two years. Or two years because time is hard. So moving is always interesting because it feels like a fresh start, even though you're often bringing in some of the old stuff. I have been playing up this move for quite some time and I thought it might be great to look at not only expectations of being in a new space, but also what the reality is now that someone is about two years removed from it. So Kathy, how about this? My first expectation was my whole new office is going to unlock some productivity wins. Did that happen for you? Sure. No, no. The the truth of the matter is, is that. You can't. Magically make anything happen. Even though you might want to. I. Will say that I have had a very. Interesting journey in that. My office is kind of transitioning. I started out kind of having more of a like at my previous office, I did the. Like, I forget what they call it, like the lion's presentation. Basically, my desk was in the middle of the room, which let me kind of navigate around it. My office is not. The size that would work for that type of configuration anymore. So I have since moved it against the wall and I wish I had more space. I wish that I had the ability to kind of move things a little bit better, like more options, I think I would say. But the truth of the matter is, is that's not how my life works. And that's OK, because this is how my office is. And I shall, you know, work with what I have. Someday, you know, I might be able to finally build the space in our backyard, but that day is not even remotely close. So I'm working with what I have. I need to get rid of a lot of stuff, though. A lot. Yeah, so I I have definitely given my office this level of importance. But I think one of the things that I'm looking forward to is the. The fact that my space is upstairs and away from the living spaces, it's actually technically over the garage, which I think is a good thing because this one means that it's in probably one of the more remote parts of the house. But I think it also gives me the urge to not want to retreat back into it throughout time. So I'm I'm really excited for the I can be in my office when it's time to do work. But when it's not time to do work, there isn't anything calling me to the office. Also, it's upstairs. And yeah, these legs, these legs and stairs are they're not quite we're not we're not too friendly with those. That's it. That's a young person's game. I can only make so many trips. I love that for you, that your space is far enough away that it takes effort to get to. I think that's really helpful and healthy to be able to have that kind of a space in there because you're able to to more easily. Like navigate isn't the right word, but like you do the things that you need to do to get better at what you're doing and you have to walk further so you're not going to go far or something. Yeah, I don't know. Now, one of the other things with this and for those that didn't remember, I actually shared an office space with my partner in our previous house. And now I actually have a private space. It's still technically in an office shared with my partner. But as the folks that are really FM switch on members will will know from the pictures that I put in chat, my office is actually inside of the office. So I have a private office in the office. And what that does is that gives me the ability to use the space in its entirety versus having to use the space, thinking about how the space is also going to be used by my partner. And this is something you mentioned having your desk in the center. I I'm really excited about this because my desk, while not being in the center, is is off the wall. Shout out to Michael Jackson. And it allows me to not only use the wall behind me for storage and also to have a backdrop when I'm recording, but it also allows me to use the space in front for additional storage, for doing different types of video content. There is even a conversation with a friend of mine who does more musical recordings about what would be required to build an actual recording booth inside the space. For those that can hear the echo, I apologize, but this house is empty. That you should you should definitely look into Megas space, Megastudio, mega. Oh, my gosh. Yeah, Megastudio, Meg office. Whatever, whichever one it's called, I don't even remember. But Mike's big, like, tent situation. It's not not really a tent because it's not like. I don't know how to describe it. I'm I'm wording so well today. I am incredible at what I do. Aren't you glad I'm here? Of course, I'm glad you're here. Words are hard. But he has like hanging moving blankets down around poles almost to kind of cheat in that middle of that space. Your space isn't quite that big, but something similar to that could really be helpful. OK, so the next big thing, and I think we talked about this in the pre show a little bit. I have crawl spaces instead of a closet, which means I have significantly more space to get rid of distractions. Kathy is is hiding away all of the distractions, something that you you were able to do in your space or? No, all of my distractions live in my living room and behind my couch because I don't have crawl spaces. I don't have a garage. I don't have an attic. I kind of have closets. I have two small closets and both mini soup in my bedroom slash my office. I do have a walk in closet in my in the master bedroom, but right now it's just full of stuff that I probably need to like get rid of. I'm actually so blessed and lucky. My mom has been coming over every couple of days now that she's retired and bored out of her mind and is kind of sorting things for me, which has been surprisingly well, unsurprisingly, it's been really helpful. And I'm so thankful for her and the work that she's been doing. I just need to do my side of it, though, too. Yeah, it's hard. It's it's really hard not being able to hide the stuff. But I also wonder if if being able to hide the stuff is going to become a problem over time, because I mean, we've seen this. Yes, because I will say absolutely. Mainly because all of the stuff that is currently in the living room is all stuff that is like previously was hiding in. Garages and things, so. Yeah, yeah, it just takes a lot of work and I don't have a ton of energy, and that's the hardest part. So I would guess that there there's probably a follow or not a follow up, but like a a next question here when it comes to a new space. The next episode we have is a systems check. It's about that time. Oh, darn it. I did it again. Oh, oh, if you want to know what the first. Yeah, the first time you did it was in the pre show. So it's OK. So because of that. I don't want to talk as much about what I've been doing, but I did want to tell you, I stole a page from your book. And I used I used to do it to manage the coordinated moving things once we got on the ground. And here's why. So during the moving process, we were using reminders again. I don't want to go into too much detail about that because I want to save some stuff for the the systems check. And it was great because more than anything, I just needed I am my partner to be on the same page. Like we needed to make sure that things were happening, because if they didn't happen, stuff could get really bad. Eventually, it became less and less of, hey, you do this and hey, I do that. And it became more of this just needs to happen. And it doesn't matter who does it, but we need to make sure it gets done. And we're often going to be together. But like walking around a giant space like a Costco and stuff like that. And reminders just wasn't cutting it for that. So then we switched to Todoist because it was something that I was familiar with. It was something that my wife is used in the past and she was familiar with. So we were able to kind of go to our familiarity. We had a very specific use case for it. And in fact, I think we're still using it for some collaborative stuff that we have to do. However, when I say I am so glad to not be using digital tools for my own personal productivity anymore and to just open up my notebook and get back to pen and paper, it felt so good. So good. So good. I am. And I guess the question here is, I kind of have this situation to where I'm I'm kind of using three ish tools, mostly two different tools, one being paper, one being Todoist, and then the other one being Superlist, which I was working on some other projects for. But I definitely think that time is coming to an end. We'll find out next conduit. And stop giving away your secrets. Yeah. And I'm hoping that I can finally get back to the Silksonic method. It might be coming back. We might we might be coming back after two years. It might even it might even have a brand new name. Who knows? But I'm excited. Yeah. So I mean, I guess there wasn't a question in there. But if there was a question when when you moved, you know, three weeks ago was was there ever a period where you felt like you were getting back into the swing of things? Circa conduit episode like number six or seven. That it's hard to say, because, a, that was so long ago. I've slept since then. Sleeping is hard for me to really, really tell. And my memory is not super great. But I think I like once things like once I was able to access to like access the things that I needed to access. So being able to, you know, find the clothes that I wanted to wear or where all of the coffee was and where all of the lake. Everything is that you need it to be, I think, is when it really like started. OK, this is this is going to be OK. We're going to get through this. There is an end in sight, even if it feels really hard, because it always does feel really hard until it's finally not as hard. Yeah, that's as I've been sleeping for the last two weeks. Not in my bed or my new bed. It has definitely like the weight of everything happening has kind of hit differently. One, I'm in an area I'm unfamiliar with, which is interesting to my sleep has been terrible. And then three, there's still a lot of things that just aren't perfect yet. As we're recording this, you know, I've been kind of struggling with hearing Kathy as my Internet connection keeps bouncing, even though as we will talk about in the post show, I got brand new routers and they're great. But there's, you know, wireless going wireless that these things happen. And there's a part of me that just wants everything to be so done and just really, and then there are there's another part that sees each of these new challenges as they come up and go. Is this a is this an opportunity to make a change? And will that change last? I think it's important not to worry too much about will this last so much as is this useful for where I'm at now? I think it's important to remember, hey, I can't make changes for everything. And like, you cannot know what the correct answer is for everything. Period. It's impossible. You have to do some trial and error. And that's OK. It's important to remember that whatever you are doing, you're doing is not going to change. And that's OK. It's important to remember that whatever you are doing right now. Does not have to be the final answer forever, and that it's OK to make adjustments again in the future. Whatever we'll get you through today is enough to hang in there and be OK. Definitely. So, Kathy, I know you hate it when I interview you in these shows, but I have one final question for you. I think you hate it more than I do. Yes, yes, I do. Yeah. So much. Because I don't hate it at all. So I hate it. It's all good. What what was the one thing that you hoped for in your new space that you you did get? Oh, my gosh. I think the biggest thing has been the bathtub. I love it. And enjoying being able to take time to take baths. I need to take more baths. It's so hot, though. It's hard to take a bath when it's this hot. It is. I really enjoy the idea of. Like finding this fresh start for you, and I'm so very happy that you are are getting there, that you like are on this journey, especially because I just moved across town. You moved across that. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. You jerk. That bath looks amazing. I hate you so much right now. For those listening, Jay just sent photos of his new bathroom in the discord. And I can't even I can't even talk to you someday. I will move into a better house. But I'm in Oregon and that's not going to happen with the pricing that I'm at right now. So I hate you right now. I hate you so much. Oh, Kathy. I love you. No, you want to know why you really hate me? No, my daughter's bathroom is almost as big. You jerk. So absolute beef. I can't. So, Kathy, what are your plans for this upcoming conduit? Wow. This episode of conduit is brought to you by electric. Turning a small business into an empire takes work, and you have to keep your ear to the ground for things that will help you take it to the next level. But it can be hard when your attention is pulled in different directions, because that's the reality of being a boss. The team over at electric knows small businesses, maybe like yours, face these challenges. That's why they're on hand to help with time consuming parts of your business, like standardized device security with best in class device management software so you can implement best practices across the board and be ready to scale and employee onboarding off boarding done for you, saving you an average of eight hours per request. Plus, electric will help you keep a single point of visibility into your IT environment to control your devices, networks and applications, while simplified reporting allows you to achieve and maintain compliance and proactive IT recommendations and automated workflows make it easy to manage for even non-technical users. And look, if you're hearing this and you think your company could use some of these services, but you're not sure where to start, electric experts will guide you through the process of establishing standardized IT processes for your organization. I might be getting to the point where I need this type of work. I now have eight unicorns that work with me. And while I don't necessarily need like full blown device management, I may need to start looking into it. Do you have any experience with electric, Jay? I don't have any experience with electric, but I can tell you at one point in my life, I was a system administrator and spent a lot of my time having to do a lot of these different steps manually. It's not fun. It's not great. It is really horrible when you have all of your mobile devices in one system, your laptops and desktops in another system and application management in a third system. And it would be so great if we would have had a tool like this where security and management were all in one place so that you have a better view of all the things happening. Amazing for Conduit listeners, electric is offering a free pair of Beats Solo 3 headphones for taking a qualified meeting. Just go to electric.ai slash conduit. That's electric.ai slash conduit. Go there now to get your free pair of Beats Solo 3 headphones today for scheduling a meeting. Our thanks to electric for their support of the show and all of READ-AFM. And as always, a different language, a different way to say thank you. And this is one that I feel like we haven't done yet. So I don't know how I missed it. We're going with Korean and that is gumsaihae. So that one, I actually kind of knew how to say just because I watched too many K dramas. All right. So yeah, about them connections. So I think that my connection needs to be a repeat from a previous one, which is take the things to goodwill. I now have a large pile at the front of my house thanks to my amazing mother. And I need to actually take the things to goodwill. So that is going to be my connection. Taking the things to goodwill. I took a lot of things to goodwill. I also have a really awesome story about meeting my neighbors for the first time as we were moving. It was it was a great moment, but I like I like it. I always like donating things. Other people can use them. And I really way to go. Kathy, I'm torn. I'm stalling because I'm torn. You know, this is how we do connection things. I have one of two to pick one of them, which will cost me more money. And the other one that will cost me a lot of energy. And I don't know which one is more expensive at this point. I I think I'm going to use the energy one because I think it's going to set me up for more success. Well, more immediate success, because the other one was by furniture because we need some furniture. And I get I get decision paralysis. I have a funny story to share with you about how I almost got a tattoo before we moved. But instead, I just played Tetris with the tattoo artist. I got a tattoo two days ago. That's awesome. It's an origami unicorn. And it's very cute. I thought you were going to say it's an Oregon unicorn. I was like, I don't know what that is, because that's me. But my actual connection is going to be to finish the slides for my two upcoming talks. One of these I have to have done by like the next conduit. The other one isn't really due until October. But my hope is that I can get the slides done early and that'll make room for me to work on some other projects. I feel I haven't been paying enough attention to. Yeah, I think that's a good option. OK, I like that. And then for our conductors. Soprano of the show, Debo says, next connection, send my mom that hat I knit for her birthday and then decide on my next knitting or sewing project. Exciting. I hope you share. I can't wait to see. Hold on. I have to get back to the. Oh, that is a cool tattoo. Thank you. That is amazing. I like that. Our blue dragon of the show, Skyler says, next connection, move back into the dorm and start the next semester. This is the third, fourth semester of conduit for the one dragon, the fifth, sixth. I lost count. Wow, I don't know. We've been doing this for a while. Yeah, you can do it, Skyler. Our Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica says, next connection, read. The Hugo Awards voting deadline is creeping up, so she should really finish reading at least two novellas before the next connection check. I just want to verify, can anybody vote in the Hugo Awards or is this like a. You have to like register. I think you can pay to join, though. I think you can pay to join, though. I think anyone can become a member and then be a part of the voting thing, but you have to pay for it. I'm pretty sure. OK, I mean, again, I'm always amazed at the folks that are all in the thing. But yeah, that that sounds super awesome. I don't read, though, so I would not be a good person for this. No, you would not. Our tire advocate of the show, Chinta says, ease myself back into doing connections and reengage on relay.fm. Switch on Discord. Hey, I'm just reading it as it was written. I know that it's supposed to be relay FM switch on or relay.fm. When you're talking about the URL, don't don't come after me. Bearded suits. Chinta, we missed you. We're happy you're here. Absolutely. Our panda of the show, James, says new connection. Do all of the work in the five or so weeks I have remaining before new Apple stuff starts to come out or decide to prioritize my mental and physical health and just pick a small subset of the things I was going to work on and accept that it's OK to do that and nobody will judge me aside from me. I think you should do the second option. I am saying as your friend and parasocial buddy, you need to prioritize your mental and physical health. OK, thank you. Bye. Or hear me out or hear me out. Don't do any of that and just sleep for a few weeks. Also an option. Also an option. Our mountain dweller of the show, Logang, we're just going to we're going to do it. We're going to keep it tucked in and nice and compact, but still give it all the energy that we can. Logang says next connection. If at first you don't succeed, try try again. Clean the home office, maybe in time for desk day on the day. When's desk day? What is this? What is desk day? I don't know what desk day is. Once a month, there is a group that gets tagged in break room and everyone shares their desks. Oh. I think it's the 18th. The month 16th. I don't know. It's a day. I get tagged. That's all that matters. Someone add me to that. My desk should be a little cleaner by then. All right. Identical twin of the show. Aaron says new connection. Keep the motivation going on my project by starting on some new content for it by designing enemies and some additional levels. So exciting. I can't wait for this conduit game. It's going to be amazing. Our distracted Colombian of the show. Rama Rope says new connection. Make an appointment to go to the Colombian consulate in Boston and renew my passport so I can go to Colombia in November to see my family, especially my four year old nephew. It's been over four years. Oh, I mean, if it's been over four years, is it your eight year old nephew or is this a nephew that was just born when you left? Because I feel like I feel like the the level of toys that you should surprise them with will be very different depending on the answer. It's true. It's true. Okay, so he he was just born. Um, I hate to tell you this. He has changed a lot since you last saw. Oh, yeah, he can hold his own head up now. Yeah. Our Oracle of the show. So says next connection. Add another day a week to the swimming schedule so that I'm swimming twice a week. It's good for stress. Absolutely. I'm so excited for you. Our code monkey of the show. Douglas says, get my time blocks under control. Um, yeah, got it. Got to get those blocks stacked up and building things. It's not a Tetris thing. Just so you know, it's always a Tetris thing. Trade enthusiast of the show. Real Z says new connection. Finish the move and get back to the jobby job. Absolutely. Absolutely. And our nameless of the show. Nameless says spend time setting app limits on on the iPhone and listen to the past self. When, uh, the app limit screen pops up, I know it can be easy to just ignore and swipe away the time limit. Additionally, create an itinerary for my first anniversary trip to Seattle. My wife and I are excited to explore the city, but I know that if I don't come up with some ideas for what to do, we may not have a good time. I humbly disagree on the latter one because here's the thing. Seattle is probably my favorite city in the United States and there are lots of things to do. And if you don't know what to do, get on the train, get off the train at a random stop and just walk around and you will find something amazing. I think the last time we were there, we probably walked between like five and six miles a day for like a week, just finding random new things to explore. And it was an absolute blast. And the food is incredible. Definitely go to the international district and pick the junkiest, ugliest looking building and go and have some of the best Chinese food that you've ever had. Or Vietnamese or like there's so many. Oh my gosh. Yeah. Bonus, if it has like a hanging duck on the, on the window, like then, you know, it's going to be good. It's going to be good. Finally, our pathologists of the show, Laura says new connection, spend dedicated time at least an hour with my son in the evening phone away. And number two, remember to do an official connection next week. Laura snuck that into the live stream chat and we slipped it into the spreadsheet. If you would like to submit a connection, you can do so in the relay discord. In the hashtag show follow up channel by stating your message with a conduit emoji by starting your message with the conduit emoji and putting your connection after. You can also submit feedback by clicking the link in the show notes or using the submit feedback button at relay.fm slash conduit. And you can also visit, I'm a super conductor.com to become a member today to get access to the pre and post show banter. For those that don't know in the pre show, we talked about all of the celebrity gossip and in the post show, we're going to be going into detail about some of the things that I did during my big move. Plus you'll get an ad free episode and a coworking session in the off weeks with Kathy and coming back Jay. And lastly, if you want to show people that you can do it, then go to you can wear it.com. That's you. See you in wear it.com and get you some good conduit merch. We got stickers. We got shirts. We got hoodies. If you want to wear it, you can wear it. And thank you to micro.blog and electric for sponsoring this week's episodes. Hey, it's electric. Sorry. Hey, Kathy. Did we do it? Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do. I'm so sorry.