---
description: It’s time already for another systems check and our hosts are… busy.
  Jay’s trying something new (and it’s not here yet!) and Kathy can’t even or odd
  so learn how they hope to manage in the next quarter.
pub_date: August 24th, 2023
title: '56: Systems Check Summer 2023: Sidetracked With Doing Stuff'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/56
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we can do our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that checks yourself before you wreck yourself. This episode is brought to you by Electric. I'm Kathy and with me today is the wonderful human who our pre-show had many tangents because he is very busy and important, Jay Miller. I mean important, not important enough to get like in a lot of trouble if things don't happen the way that they're planned. So I'm just trying to keep all my systems in check if you know what I mean. Yeah. That's great because it's a systems check episode. But before we get there, this week in the discord, things went bananas because tickets went on sale to members only for the 10th anniversary London show. I'm so excited. Tickets are now publicly available for everyone. So you can visit relay.fm.com for more information. I need to see if I can get relay.fm.com to go to like my person thing. But that's that's for shadows and we're not there yet. I can't promise that there will be a live Conduit in London, but maybe just maybe just maybe ice cream. Possibly ice cream. I also want to put out here that anyone that DIYs a Conduit cape to go to the show will get a very, very special surprise. I don't know what that surprise is yet. I don't either. I don't figure something out in a year. We're making a lot of promises that hopefully people will forget about next year. Or remind us. So, you know, it's fine. Everything's fine. What happened to the coworking, Jay? Well, about that. So Jay showed up a little late at a restaurant eating lunch with his wife. Uh-huh. Because someone forgot. Well, you see, what happened was there was a mix up between the times of, you know, sometimes we start at one time and other times we start at that same time. But I'm on the other side of the country and I forget. The thing was I literally set up, like, I made a note to myself to remember to go to this thing. And then we got sidetracked with doing stuff. And then that made me forget said reminder to do said thing. And then we're like, well, we're here. Let's just go grab lunch. And then I get a message from Kathy like, hey, you showing up or not? And I was like, oh, I guess not. So you're on the calendar invite. You accepted the calendar invite. Yeah, you're right. Is it just not on your calendar? No, it was just the notification that, hey, you're supposed to do this thing didn't happen until I was sitting down eating my food. And I think a lot of that was probably due in part to like just device and phone and me trying to have, you know, quality time with my partner. And, you know, some some people say that you judge a person not by their own standards. Oh, please finish that. Finish that sentence. How about you tell us what happened in the co-working through my meticulous notes that I added? So I believe, you know, I'm not even going to read the notes and I'm just going to tell you that all of our superconductor friends helped with some rulemaking and some drop boxing to main computers. And I think that there was a sestra of the show that showed up, which I'm not going to say I have favorite of the show names. That's one of them. Yeah. And yeah, we we talked about how to do connection checks and things like that, too. All of that from memory, all of that from me actually being at the event and not me from reading the show notes. But I will tell you, this is in our show notes. If you want to join us for our next co-working session in the off weeks or live as we're recording this, then you can do that by visiting. I'm a superconductor dot com letter I letter M letter a superconductor dot com and become a member. And what are we going to be talking about in our post show today? It sounds exciting, right? I think so. Jay kind of said, hey, we're discussing privilege and how to deal with some new privilege changes. So apparently that's what we're talking about in the post show. Because we're oozing with positivity. Yep. Oozing that really you had to use that word. Are you kidding me? I was looking for a very cromulent phrase to, you know, as they say, he who they. Oh, my gosh. OK, let's move on to shout out. Jay, I think you have a shout out today. Yeah. So shout out to Brett Terpstra and Jeff Severance Gunsell and Christina Warren, who wasn't there, but I think we're going to be doing it again sometime for letting me be a guest on Overtired. Overtired is a podcast. I think I actually talked about said podcast the last episode. And it is it's one of those shows that I've listened to for years. It was one of the shows that helped me gain the courage to seek my own mental health corner and reach out to mental health professionals. We talked a lot. We kind of talked about some of the privileged stuff. We talked about what it's like to revisit some some very traumatizing periods in your life with school and with military life. And ultimately, we talked about Prince and how living color is one of the most underrated acts of all time. And if any of that resonates with you or if you're in a space where you feel like hearing about that is something that could bring a little help, joy, any positive emotions to you, go go check that episode out over it. Overtired pod dot com. And I'll put a link in the show notes for that. Definitely. So I have two shout outs today. First off to Mike and Steve Mike and Stephen on the most recent episode of Connected, where the running joke about relay FM switch on was discussed. And I became the troll of the show, troll of the network, kind of, because I'm just leaning into it. I am going to continue, obviously, to do relay FM switch on continuously forever and ever. I can't wait to share something in the future that will have lots of those switch ons. But more importantly, I also checked in with them to make sure that it was OK for me to continue to be a troll, because I only want to troll with consent and do it with love. And I can't wait to make them even more embarrassed, especially because my second shout out comes to Jill with Allsack for St. Jude. As you know, September 1st is the start of our podcast. So this is the last episode before that officially launches. So stay tuned and get ready for some amazing things that are happening. But especially for the 12 hour podcast, the things that we have planned are epic. I will be there in person to further troll our favorite co-founders and bring some added magic to the show. And I cannot wait for you all to see, which also means stay tuned because we will have some links that we need some help from our friends in the audience that will have lots of switch ons in the instructions. So don't worry about that. Magic is coming. How about some connection chat? Nice, nice. How did you do this week? Yeah, so I was trying to get some presentations done before I got busy with stuff that may or may not have been announced right in the middle of us recording this. And two of those, I'm going to be speaking at a couple of places. One is online at a conference called PyGotham. And another one is in my new hometown of Atlanta for a conference called Refactor Tech. And these things don't happen for some time. Like the virtual conference I need to have my slides in this week by the end of the week. But the other thing isn't until like November, but I just knew like, OK, it's going to be really busy. I want to get this done. And no, I didn't. So I think the stress level is going to just kind of stay where it's at. I did start working on the one that is due. Actually, before we started recording this, I was editing the recording that I'm going to submit for this. And I would give myself the credit, but I'm being real with myself. It's due on Friday, due by Friday, some might say. And I feel like it would be a challenge to wait until the last minute to try to get that done anyway. So I feel like that I don't get any points for that one. And I haven't touched the other presentation in the last conduit period. So I yeah, no points for me on that. Amazing. Except like once. OK. Amazing. But you failed. No, it's OK. In the best way. It is OK to acknowledge the things that. You haven't done even if like they were on your list, it was your connection. It's OK to get the red X to get the red no sign because we are all human. And I think it's I think it's good. And I'm saying that so that I can believe myself, too. I am giving myself a yellow circle. Even though because I got halfway there, so I have a box. I have two boxes in my trunk right now. And it's not quite made it to Goodwill, but we also had a lot of fairly emergency trips in the last two weeks. My kid got a concussion. My dog ate seven gummies. And my mom broke her foot. So like it's it's been a heck of a conduit. We'll just we'll just leave that there on top of everything else. So they're in my car. And so I am giving myself a yellow circle. I mean, the fact that you remembered they exist is. Amazing to me, just given all those things that happened. Yeah, thankfully, many soup concussion was extremely minor and they're back. Dancing, thank goodness, because they had several emotional breakdowns, not being able like with the idea of not being able to dance for a while. But they're doing good. Ophelia was very high for about two and a half days to the point where she could not stand up. The first part of her trip, though, was extreme paranoia. And that was scary. And then my mom's foot, she fell off my porch and we thought it was fine. And then it got extremely swollen and bruised. And they went and they checked. And it was legit broken to the point where I think this week she is potentially seeing an orthopedic surgeon. And unfortunately, Ramon, no, not workers comp because it was my house. She wasn't working for me. My dad keeps joking that he's going to like file a home insurance claim. But I think we're OK. But yeah, that that on top of, you know, everything else it put like taking things to goodwill hasn't quite been a priority, but they're in my car. So that's that's I'm giving myself a yellow because I'm being kind to myself. Yeah, you should be most like right. Kathy, you know what they say when life gives you gummies. How about our conductors connections? How did they do? Our entire advocate of the show, Cheentos. Welcome back, Cheentos. Cheentos, they said connection check green yellow. I think I reengaged the discord chat, but forgot to open the app a few times as I've gotten out of the habit. Look, I'm not going to tell anybody that not opening up a social media application of any kind is is a bad thing. Sure, the relay FM switch on discord is a very pleasant place that is well moderated and you can get access to by going to I'm a superconductor dot com. But let's be real, sometimes getting off of social media is what's best for us. And I think you approaching it to the best of your ability is probably the best thing for you. So great work across the board. Absolutely. And I know that you were in the discord. I saw your name pop up a couple of times. And most importantly, you posted your can your connection check. So really, that's the most important thing in the discord. Let's just be honest. Our pathologist of the show has a green book really pretty successful, had lots of dedicated playtime with a kiddo in the evenings and on the weekend. Yay. Playtime. I got confused for a second because green books are a different thing. Where I'm from. Yeah. I was like, are you OK? What's happening? All right. Our sister of the show, Jean, says Greenheart post a timely connection check to da amazing what adding a simple reminder to your system will do. Glad you were able to get your connection check in. I am so proud of you, Sastra. Our Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica, says four green books. What are these green books? Should have aimed higher instead of reading two novellas for the Hugo Awards. She read four and a half like a boss and also helps me write things this past week. Our train enthusiast of the show, Relsie, says Green Circle House move pretty much complete. The couch is here. It's lovely. Awesome. We moving stuff is continuing on as well. So I'm happy to see that it's going well in other folks' lives, too. Panda our panda of the show, James says Yellowheart. I've been trying to figure out what I can get done before my Apple deadlines next month, and most of my explorations turn out to be dead ends, which was quite frustrating. So I spent a week working on a more fun side project instead, which was generally better for my brain, but didn't help with my to do list. Except pro. Oh, gosh, what's it called? Procrastination, but pro productivation. I don't know. You got something done. A side project is still fun and on your to do list, especially because I'm fairly certain it is the thing that comes out, you know, that's announced in September. So it needed to get done. And if it wasn't on your to do list, that's because you didn't put it on there. And Erica, it's OK. I already sent it out, so don't stress about it. Take that note off. You're all good. You're fine. Everything's fine. I just said, screw it. It works for me. So don't stress. Wait. Our soprano of the show. Yes. Debra says, Greenheart. Sorry, I just I wanted I wanted to make sure Javier had to leave in my. I completely got sidetracked by something. I did. Yeah. Our soprano of the show, Debra says, Greenheart mailed the hat I knit to my mom in time for her birthday. And she loved it. Yes. And got more yarn. It looked like yam from here. Got more yam to make her a matching scarf for Christmas. Also ordered the supplies for a fun backpack that I'm going to. So, oh, exciting. Our mountain dweller of the show, Logang. Lodon says Green checkmark. I cleaned up and organized the home office and we're not going to talk about the six boxes of stuff we had to put there from the storage unit right before the fortnight ended. Absolutely not. That's not part of your connection. You successfully did what you needed to do. So well done. And our fishbearer of the show, Fiji Kai says connection check. Two months ago, my connection was to make sure I stayed on top of my have to do list and get enough sleep. Orange Heart, not much to say sleep suffered, but here we are. Perfect. Yep. Exactly. Correct. Nailed it. Our code monkey of the show, Douglas says connection check. Green checkmark. Continue down the simplification route and I am feeling really good about it. And the nameless of the show, Nameless says Green Heart, I listened to myself and put down the phone. I made some progress on the side projects and my games like the conduit one, as well as having more quality time with my family. Also, I got all my travel things booked for my trip in 18 days to. Oh, not to London. That's next year. My wife and I are excited. I am excited for you. Definitely me, too. If you would like to submit a connection check, even if you haven't done one before, that is totally, totally fine. You can join the Discord hangout and in the feedback channel, specifically the show follow up channel, just start any message with the conduit logo and it will get submitted into our spreadsheet. That is the easiest way to submit things for this. However, you also can head over to relay.fm slash conduit slash feedback and submit your connections through the feedback form. If you are not a member, it's totally fine. We are excited to have you be a part of the show, even if you're not in the in the in the live show hangout section. This episode of Conduit is brought to you by electric. When you think of the phrase boss move, you might think of making a bold business decision or maybe giving a great presentation in front of a big crowd. The reality is sometimes being a boss in a small business means gathering up everything your new employee needs to get started while your own to do list keeps growing. The team over at electric knows small businesses, maybe like yours, face these challenges. That's why they're on hand to help with time consuming parts of your business, like standardized device security with best in class device management software so you can implement best practices across the board and be ready to scale and employee onboarding and offboarding done for you, saving an average of eight hours per request. Plus, electric will help you keep a single point of visibility into your environment to control your devices, networks and applications. While simplified reporting allows you to achieve and maintain compliance and proactive recommendations and automated workflows make it easy to manage for even non-technical users. And look, if you're hearing this and you think your company could use some of these services, but you're not sure where to start, electric's experts will guide you through the process of establishing standardized IT processes for your organization. Listen, I am pretty sure that I need this help. And especially the part for the standardized processes, I am pretty new to adding on as many unicorns to my unicorn as I am. And I need to figure out what the heck is going on with this onboarding so that I can apparently add more. So I think I'm going to set up a call with electric. So I was going to say, Kathy, I hired my sister to help me to help her get some of the marketing skills that I have acquired over time. And I had to go through one of my standard processes that I do for a client. And I was like, oh, this would have been really good if this were like some document that I could have just given and then had those processes all set up for both myself because things are changing for me and for her who's going to be tackling a lion's share of these new responsibilities. Maybe even electric could be good for me. Absolutely. For conduit listeners, electric is offering a free pair of Beats Solo 3 headphones for taking a qualified meeting. Just go to electric.ai slash conduit. That's electric dot AI slash conduit. Go there now to get your free pair of Beats Solo 3 headphones today for scheduling a meeting. Our thanks to electric for their support of this show and all of Relay FM. And not because I totally forgot my bit at the end of the show or the end of the ad where I say thank you every time. I'm just going to, in this case, say thank you and electric by going do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do. Hi, Kathy. Oh, goodness. Hey, so it's a time for a systems check. Jay, what's this? What? What the heck is a systems check? And what are we doing? Why are we doing it? So to appease those that are truly just here for the app recommendations, a systems check is this thing that we do once a quarter in the middle of the quarter, because when you do it, it isn't that important where we look at what we're currently using and doing and how we're doing it and how we're doing it and making making it a little fun, making a little understanding, taking inventory, getting stock in the processes, the systems, the themes, all of these things that are going to hopefully be our guiding light in the next not conduit next several months, hopefully. And we've done this a few times. This is the I don't even know how many systems checks. And I will say every once in a while, we get a name change, usually from me. Kathy's name never changes because she will always be the boss unicorn herself. But I think that's happening again this time around for me, Kathy. I think it's happening. Oh, oh, oh, it's happening. It's what do I do? Oh. What are you going to do? Yeah, I am. I am unveiling what shall henceforth and forever until the next quarter be called. The Little Dragon System. Oh, I love the name. So cute. So for those that don't know, I always name my system after an artist that I'm into and that I'm listening to a lot lately. And there was a tiny desk for Little Dragon that came out earlier. I think it was last week or maybe the week before. And since I have been consumed by the little dragon and I absolutely love their sound, I love one of the and obviously I'm not just here to to gush about Little Dragon, but I'm also here to talk about how it it feels very relatable to me. I don't listen to I try to listen to a lot of new music, but it doesn't happen all the time. But yeah, this is not just a new artist. This is like a new sound that I have kind of grabbed. It makes me feel a little bit like Hides Coyote with a little bit of like Bjork with some some nice jazzy tones to it. And honestly, for me in this new move, I feel like my productivity is going to be completely but not fully changed. I talked about it in the last episode. I have been using some digital systems to help with facilitating get this move and getting things going. One of those was Superlist, which is still in private beta, but I was lucky enough to get access to early. I feel like that did a great job in adding some context to a lot of the tools, a lot of the tasks, a lot of the projects that I was working on. My wife and I went back to to do this once we got here to handle thing everything from like groceries and from what grocery stores where we could find things to getting repair people and contractors to come in and haul off all of our empty boxes and make little repairs and stuff that needed to be needed, that needed to be done around the house. But we're getting to the part of the move where things are slowing down. And I'm trying to get back into. Getting well, not even getting back into my old work, but I'm trying to figure out how we're doing the old tasks, the old jobs, the old meetings, the old projects in the new space. And I feel like that's a great time to not declare bankruptcy, but to say, hey, similar sound, new style, new design. So in similar style, I'm going back to fully analog. Obviously, I say that fully analog caveat. My calendar will always be digital because I've nobody got time for that. Yeah, nobody got time for that. But I I'm actually giving myself the opportunity to try new things by investing in a journal that is going to arrive today. So this is this is kind of a pre systems check. By the time people will hear this, I will have been using this for a couple of days. This journal is the Yoseca stationary planner. It is a two month planner. Now that I thought was very, very cool. Not something that is designed to, you know, put the entire year in, but something that was designed for just a couple of months. What are you working on for the next couple of months? And one of the beauties of this is they give you a bunch of spreads at the front for you to try some different organization ideas. And that to me, it was that was like the big selling feature that I could I could just go in and say, hey, I'm going to try this and see how this works. I'm going to try this and see how this works. And then whatever worked best or whatever wound up being picked up on, then I could just carry that over to the next two month planner. And then from there, I just keep doing that until ultimately I have a little bit of stability in the system. And the thing I like about this is I can actually have the receipts with me because since it's a two month planner, I can actually have the receipts with me since it's a two month planner. The next time I will be making the decision, I bought two of them. I will know if it was a success or not, based on whether I do another reorder around the exact same time that I do our systems check, which means that every systems check can be like cataloged within two of these little notebooks. I love that. I think that's a great, great idea. You sent me the video, which was interesting. I love the idea that they have for this. I think it's a little bit too. I don't think it's right for my brain where I'm at right now. And the big reason for that is because my brain is a complete disaster. Listen, I don't have a system that is working right now, so much so that in packing for a trip this next week, I wrote my packing list on the back of the page of the high school registration form. Not any of the notebooks, I don't have a system that is working right now. Not any of the notebooks, not use the app that has my checklist in it, not typing or anything like that. It's all a disaster right now, kind of like my office is. And I like to the point where I could not find my AirPods, which are my important, like plain necessity, because I had put them in the drawer of Mr. Soup's side table so that they could charge without getting eaten by the dog. But then, of course, I forgot that I had done that because I'm a very smart person. So basically, I'm a little bit of a whirlwind of a disaster right now. And I think that's OK. The biggest problem I have is the fact that stuff is slipping. I have forgotten things and had to apologize. I've done things incorrectly. I have made mistakes that don't normally happen, which is embarrassing and frustrating and saddening to my brain. So I am trying to live with a lot of forgiveness right now. But it's really difficult because I am a professional and I should be able to do things. And when I'm not, it's hard. Yeah, you mentioned things slipping like. Is this a thing slipped naturally because there are so many things and they just had to slip or was it like things could have been done, but it just kind of didn't happen because I think one of those, while we often we often think it's like we have the ability, even super unicorns have, you know, they believe they have the ability to do all the things, but sometimes things slipping are just an indicator of things needed to slip. Yeah, I this I wish that that was an answer, but the truth of the matter is that I forgot because I didn't put it down anywhere. It did not exist in. Anywhere after I said, sure, I'll do this or let me let me get that done. But yeah, we'll see. Yeah. Is is there light? It seems like it was it was very, very, very dark and very, very like, I am not sure where the air is going to come from. Is is there air? You know, is there light at the end of the the thing that you're working on here? I hope so. I know the the biggest thing is slamming in. I mean, so as soon as the Wheel of Time season two is done, that will make a make a bit of a breathing moment. However, podcast is also right in the middle of that. So we'll see how that works out. And then, of course, we get into holidays and then tax season starts again. So I I don't know. I'm hoping that this like. This this feeling of stress is partially because I am not doing anything with the system, and I know that I need to change that and I know that I need to work on. Figuring something out, because even if it's just writing on scrap papers, clearly things are getting dropped and that means that something has to change. And so I don't know what what is going to change, but spoiler for what my connection will be. Yeah, yeah, we'll see. Yeah, I. I always I always feel like it's it's an interesting situation when you're just like, look, I know something has to change and I don't even know where to start with. I will say congratulations because hopefully you will have a built in reminder to to get your packing list done when you drop off your child's registration papers. It was the back of like a Spanish version of one of the things. So it's not it's not going to be like I don't need to turn that in because we already registered, even though school doesn't start until for a couple of weeks. OK. But I I genuinely hope that. There is realm for change. New ideas to happen. And because that's like the hardest part in these moments. And this is this is why we only do these every quarter, like once a quarter, is that you have to have time to live in your system. But you also have to like take stock to have a good life. And like. Be like, hey, this isn't working. Now I need to take time to figure out how to get it to work again. But you can it's not going to be a tomorrow thing. It's not going to be an ex conduit thing. It's going to be a. Let's let's survive. Once survival has been secured, then. Let's survive. Let's survive. Once we're secured, then. Let's address these issues and figure it out. I I would definitely love to follow up on. Progression in this, because I. Listen, Kathy, you're the person I go to when I feel like there's too much going on. For for it to be happening on your end, I think that there are a lot of people out there that wonder how you will. Solve this conundrum because you're probably going to do it in the most healthy of ways. And if you don't, you have an entire community to make sure that you you. Actually, that's not even an option. If you just shout help, you're going to have an entire like unicorn. Like group available for you to help however they can, even if it's just friendly reminders to stay hydrated. Yeah, yeah, no, it's true. Our community is incredible. And I am so thankful. For it and the loving support that I have. On it is is really. Is wonderful. And friends, let's remember that that support needs to be loving. Yes, please. Thank you. I understand people often want to help. Let's do it in a way that's loving, pretty please. And if you're listening to this and you're one of the people that I dropped stuff for, I'm sorry. Sorry, you're loved, but got to love yourself before you can love somebody else. Which I think I think RuPaul said, yes, the great Paul of Ru, as they say. No, no. I'm excited to see how your two month little packet works. I can't wait and I hope it I hope it helps. I am very, very excited. Excellent. Shall we hop into our connections for the next fortnight? Yeah, the. My connection is going to be. To take time and just. Look, look and plan and look and plan. That's actually how I'm going to label this to look and plan and look and plan. I tend to move a little impulsively. I have been working on this presentation where one of the things that I talk about in the world of video games, which makes me immediately mention Tetris because I have to. I'm contractually obligated. But in this of. This is actually a different game. This is city skylines. This is Sims. This is Sim City. This is roller coaster tycoon. Anybody who's ever played this game, I'm sure you've heard of it. Nobody can start building, but you want to have a game plan going in to have something that you put together that lasts. And the only way that you can do that is if you stop, you look, you plan and you look and you plan. I love that. So, yeah, I'm going to do that around my system. I am going to figure out a refreshed system. I have a feeling part of that is going to be clearing off my desk at some point in the next two weeks. To really breathe, because I can't I can't even I can't even or odd or odd. So, yeah, that is my connection. So, yeah, that is my connection. What about our amazing conductors? How what are their connections? Our first conductor of the show. Whose tab got lost in the madness. Pausing, pausing. Where did it go? Lost it. Found it. We're back. Yay. Thank you, Javier. Our entire advocate of the show, Chintas says new connection. Don't check my work email or chat while I'm taking a few days off. OK, I was I love this. Yes, vacation time is for vacationing. So I hope that you enjoy yours and I hope that you don't succumb to the the bleep-sand. Bloops like I just did as I was trying to do more than one thing at a time. So, yeah. Our pathologist of the show, Laura, new connection balance, staying home with the kid responsibilities since school is closed this week with needing to come into work some and hauling the kid with me. This means small targeted to do lists in both the personal and work work realms. This isn't a week to go overboard in either area. Absolutely. This is a very good point. I can't imagine. Well, first off, your kid is going to have so much fun playing with all of the very expensive equipment, but maybe maybe not playing with that equipment. I hope I hope you do well. And I'm proud of you for doing that. I hope you do well. And I'm proud of you for limiting what's going on. Our sister of the show, Jean says, Finish and publish a long procrastinated blog post for work. Oh, I. Yeah, you've reminded me of some work. You can do it, Jean. The Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, New Connection finally emailed the local cleaning company to schedule a walkthrough and an initial deep clean with an eye towards possibly monthly cleaning sessions. Erica, I am so excited for you. The world, your world is going to change. This is going to be amazing. Our train enthusiast of the show, Relsie says, New Connection, get the home network back up currently just on the Wi Fi and get some organizing done. Relsie, when I tell you I bought a 200 foot cat six, cat seven cable, seven point five cable, cat, one of those numbers, cat something, some number of cats cable and literally had to neatly run it around my house. Oh my gosh. Just to get a stable connection up in this office when you do. Oh, it's going to feel so great. Amazing. Our panda of the show, James says, Tackle an increasingly shrinking subset of the actual work that's on my plate without stressing my body and mind too much. I suspect both of those will be much harder than I anticipate. I may go and live in a cave instead, reject all forms of technology and try to make friends with the resident seagulls. Well, depending on like I've seen how friendly you are with the square, with the squares, gosh, with the squirrels. So I think you could absolutely be besties with the seagulls. However, we would miss you greatly. And then our soprano of the show, Deborah says, Finish doing wall fix up and touch up paint in the spots the electricians had to cut into when installing some new electrical stuff. Oh, I mean, painting is fun right now. It's not. I'm sorry. You can do it though. Yes, you can. Our mountain dweller of the show, Logang. Logang. It's currently 90 degrees, but I'm way behind on getting firewood ready for the winter. So my connection is to start sawing and splitting. When you are truly a mountain dweller of the show, our fish bear of the show, Fishy Guy says summer is almost over and the family has some much needed downtime coming. I would like to enjoy family time together and recover as much as possible. Yes, that sounds that sounds great. Code Monkey of the show, Douglas says, Be very consistent with my eating habits because eating stuff that triggers chronic illness is absolutely not fun. Yeah. Yeah, that's that's awful. I'm sorry. Yeah. And our nameless of the show, Nameless says, Find a good hiding place for my wife's gift. She doesn't listen to the show, does she? Also, buy the gift. Okay. Okay. Well, yeah, I guess. Well, I really hope she doesn't listen to the show now. As well as set reminders to water the plants. They're not looking good and are desperately in need of a responsible plant parent. Not it. Not it. If you would like to submit a connection, you can do so in the relay discord in the hashtag show follow up channels by starting your message with a conduit emoji and putting your connection after. You can also submit feedback by clicking the link in the show notes or using the submit feedback button at relay.fm slash conduit. Visit I am a superconductor dot com to become a member today to get access to our pre and post show banter an ad free episode and a co-working session in the off weeks with Kathy and Jay. Lastly, check out you can wear it dot com for some great conduit merch that you could wear to our London show next summer. Thank you, electric for sponsoring this week's episode. Hey, Jay, did we do a show? We did. And I'm looking forward to doing more of them in the future. But I think first we got to get our systems checked off the box. Yeah, yeah, we did. We did. We did. Yes, we did. We did it. We did it.