---
description: "Everything is broken. Everything is messed up but we still do things.\r\nEverything
  is broken. F-Productivity"
pub_date: October 5th, 2023
title: '59: Everything is Broken!'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/59
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we condue our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that would give you an intro, but the intro machine is on the fritz. This episode is brought to you by Micro.blog. with me is you can't put the AI without the A and there's one in her name. It's Kathy Campbell. Sorry, folks. It went off the rails. Yeah, it did. Hi, Kathy. How are you? Great. And also there are two A's in my name. If you say Kathy Campbell. So you're AI, AI, AI. I'm like that. Anyway, if you want to know why we're talking a lot about AI, we did that in the pre show, which you could hear about if you were a superconductor. You would also get to hang out in the discord that we have where this week we Kathy. Yeah, we man so much chaos, obviously, with the podcast the thought being in the past Fortnite and it still continues, especially since this is the last week to raise money specifically for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital through the relay FM switch on fundraiser. And we also had some fun yesterday where Dr. Matthew Van Ormer went to a restaurant and have his phone and chose to send me a text via his watch to say that he felt very lonely. And I just thought that was absolutely hilarious. So well done. Well done, discord. Well done indeed. And you would also get to hang out with us in our off week co working sessions where I don't know this past co working session, we actually did work, which was interesting. Kathy was just coming back from Memphis and I've been wrapping up some projects and stuff for work and getting ready for October, which is always a really busy month as I try to get more and more developers developing and doing things. Yeah, so it was it was super busy. We had a lot of fun. I believe we had people in the middle of like medical procedures doing things while joining us in the co working session for a short time. For the record, not getting it like getting a procedure done. They were assisting as like a medical tech on a procedure. What I'm hearing was someone was in the co working session performing brain surgery and it was a blast and we got to see all the blood squirting everywhere. And I'm just kidding. None of that happened. It was perfectly fine. All right. But maybe it will in the next one. And if you want to be a part of that, you can visit I'm a superconductor dot com. That is letter I, letter M, letter A, superconductor dot com and become a member today. Kathy, we got shout outs. Yeah, we do. We got a lot of shout outs and feedback. And I am so happy. Let's start with Aaron McLeod, our identical twin of the show, who in all caps for the record says, I will not stand for this Gale hate. Jay, what the heck is he talking about? So for the relay FM podcast, the thought. Yes, we celebrated reaching was it three hundred and seventy five thousand dollars. I think it was four hundred seventy five, but I could be wrong. We reached celebrating a lot of money that would eventually be eclipsed by even more money by playing Baldur's Gate three, in which what we've learned is that video games are fun. Talking to Gail is the worst thing you can possibly do. Yeah, I said Gail was a horrible human being in which I would have fed to. The orcs, if only they would have appreciated eating, eating them. So, yeah, yeah. Gail's the worst. If you don't like it tough because it's the truth. Your mileage may vary. Yeah. We also heard back from so who had some feedback from the last episode where we talked about finding the rhythm. Everyone can learn to dance. You just have to learn how to find the rhythm inside you first, which is quoted from me. But I feel like that's something that George Michael once said. I think it also came from, you know, drafts can't dance, maybe. Oh, maybe. Yeah. But so said, I love this concept and this I've recently been thinking a lot about creativity and productivity in your own way. The way I work is based on a lot of wandering and the serendipity of what I find out, which is officially a terrible way to do research, but can lead me to see patterns that no one else does. My best productivity is often based on throwing out the to do list and doing the work I feel like doing unless there's a deadline. That's I mean, that's more. Hold on. Keep scrolling. The more I embrace my own squishy brain way of being creative and productive, the better I get at what I do. The concept of rhythm is a great fit with that. I might need to frame a new system around this. Oh, if you come up with a name for it, let me know. Rhythm of the night. The rhythm of the night, the rhythm of the checkbox. I don't know. No, this is this is fantastic. And this has been something that. I guess further along in my career, I've tried to embrace more of. I don't hold punches. I don't I don't sit there and go, well, I just say what I'm feeling or do what I'm feeling and then somehow try to backport my way into the relevancy with it. I've failed at this several times, but I do often get that feedback of, you know, Jay, you often get to a very unique and novel way of doing something or something that doesn't seem the most practical, which, hey, I wrote a blog post about that calling Why I Build Things That Don't Scale. But yeah, no. So this is this is super fantastic. I really do hope that you you dig around and maybe come up with your own dance moves based on this new productivity system that you're working on. Yes, I I love this idea of really embracing how your own brain works, embracing how things work for you and just making it your own. So well done. Yay. And now it is time for the connection check. Kathy, you wanted to survive the podcast. You're here. I am. So I guess I guess you survived. That would be correct. Not only did I survive, but we thrived. It was unbelievably so much fun. I cannot even begin to state how much fun the podcast was, even though it was absolutely exhausting. I before like we really got the run of show, I didn't realize how much I would be on. Like I was going originally ready to just kind of vibe and help, you know, give Mike and Steven some breaks. And then Jason and I ended up being far deeply more far far more deeply involved than originally planned, which was so much fun. I got to do lots of costume changes, which was great. I then speed ran speed run the chat the next day, which was really neat. Put it on to X to watch the the conversations. And it was really fun to see how long sometimes it took for people to mention that I had done a costume change, including a couple of times of people being like, wait, when did that happen? So that was really fun. And towards the end, I switched over for my conduit purple shirt, which was really neat to to get that up. So lots of fun. So many great little comments from conductors in there. I loved the friend of the show comment for a donation that I got to like acknowledge. That was really neat. So, yeah, it was great. You can check it out in two parts on our on ours on Relays YouTube channel. And if you're listening to this, when the episode comes out in the next the next day, we'll be closing ceremonies. So you still have a little bit of time to donate so you can go to Relay FM. Nope, just kidding. St. Jude dot org slash relay. And get that checked out. That's awesome. Yeah, I I feel bad because I mentioned in our co-working session that I was trying to keep a five year old entertained while traveling during a large part of the podcast. But it I love that this is a challenge every year that more and more Relay FM folks really FM switch on. Yeah, more more folks in the relay dot FM. Ha, gotcha. Community are participating in and doing things. And and it really feels like. Everyone here's like solves problems that I don't often see good solutions for. And it is 100 percent the the community, the members, the the hosts all wanting to pitch in. And and I I have I've said it unofficially and I will say it officially. I hope that I can take part in the podcast on a little bit more next year and do more. But if not, like I'm just excited to know that even when I'm not available to do things that it doesn't feel like I'm letting people down, there's just so many people to pick up and just keep moving and do stuff. And I'm not I'm not a big role in any of this, but it's so wonderful to see that there are just so many pieces. I think that, you know, it would never have to come to it. But like if if everything, you know, if you had to do a special in the middle of the desert somewhere like it would still we'd still find a way to make it like an amazing event and do like the absolute coolest thing. Absolutely. Maybe FM switch on podcast on in the desert. Twenty twenty four. Maybe not. But something that will be really cool is the live show in London. Oh, we're so close. Twenty twenty four. I'm so excited. It's going to be so much fun. Do people want live relay or not live relay live conduit in London? Should we work hard and do our best to get there? If so, let us know. And if you want to help that happen again, consider becoming a member. Oh, yeah, we're in connection checks. Yeah. My connection check was to get a work project plan set up and underway. Yeah. So I kind of mentioned earlier every October, there's this thing called Hacktoberfest. I wonder where they got that idea from. Yeah. The goal is to get developers contributing to open source projects all over the world and, you know, hundreds of thousands of people participate. And I was working to get my little fledgling community, which I found out is just still just growing. And it amazes me. But we were working to create a program so that my work team and this community could work together to get people some of their first ever contributions to open source projects, which is a phenomenal thing. It helps people get jobs. It helps people who are maintainers to continue maintaining their code. It just creates and builds community across the ecosystem. And I was tying something professional and something personal together, as I often do, but doing it in a way that got a lot of people involved. And yeah, a green check mark on this. We're underway. We're doing stuff. It has been a little shakier than I initially thought, but that's OK. We're getting there. We're slowly but surely moving in the right direction. Excellent. I love that for us. What about the conductors? Yeah. Our artist of the show, Carly, says first off, I'd be honored to be the artist of the show and connection check green circle. I finished redoing my resume with the help of a career advisor at my alma mater. I love using contacts and networking. That's amazing. Yeah. Our soprano of the show, Devo, says green heart sorted through my trousers and got rid of the ones that didn't fit. I sorted through the trousers and found some money, some lint, a tax check that I forgot to cash, but no way to go, Devo. Ponderers are the last file of the show, says green check mark. My connection from 26 condoids ago was to work on capturing, scheduling, and holding myself accountable for recurring tasks. Success! Exclamation point. I had two major routines that ended up working really well for me. Planning for the week and reviewing projects on Sundays and a daily self-improvement morning routine with exercise, reading, and day planning. In the past 26 condoids, I have also had a lot of big life changes and disruptions, but the way I set these recurring tasks up in my to-do app made it easy for me to get back into the routines easily, which felt amazing. Unfortunately, I did not set up a recurring reminder to send in a connection every conduit. That's okay, because what we love, we love a returning conductor. We love somebody who is checking off that green check mark, even if it's 26 fortnights. We're so glad you're back, Ponderers. We appreciate you. This is a sign that if you haven't done one in a while or you haven't done a first one, you know how to send them in. We'll get to it later on. 26 conduits is legitimately a year ago. I don't want to think about that. That's a little scary. That's wild. Oh, man. That's amazing. That is amazing to just be like, look, it's been a year. It's been a rough year, but you know what? This one thing that I held on to, we were able to get that done. Oh, man. Well, congratulations, Ponderers. Also, if I remember, Ponderers hung out with us at our co-working session and it was good to see them again. Yes. Yes, absolutely. Our fish bearer of the show, Fishkai, says, yellow crown. Of course, there are many struggles, but a fifth grader has the basic concept of a planner. We've decided the only things we need so far are a record of the school day and a list of what we need to do next with a mark next to what's done. Fishkai, I'm so glad that you were able to conquer the fifth grade planning. Please check in next year when you proceed to the sixth grade. Definitely. I'm so excited that your kiddo is figuring out the joys of a planner. I mean, I would be impressed if Fishkai was a fifth grader, but based off of the last conduit, I'm fairly certain it was their kid. But what do I know? I don't know anything. Fishkai, the 10-year-old fish bear who keeps up with all the connections. Yep, and able to have a Discord account. Anyways, moving on, our mountain dweller of the show, Logang. Green circle. I sealed several possible mice ingress points and in a seasonably spooky twist, we eliminated two dozen, oh my gosh, two dozen black widows from outside the house. Okay, we're moving on. I don't want to talk about spiders, but congratulations. Someone had a nest. That's no fun. Our pathologist of the show, Laura, says, connection check. Yellow circle. Did okay at getting some of the guilt tasks that have been lingering on my to-do list finally done. Definitely didn't do one a day though, but made progress. Giving myself a yellow circle because there were a few days I spent redoing my system a couple of times instead of just doing the things. That's okay. There was progress made. And that's the important part there. All right. Our shark of the show, one pair of shoes says connection check. My connection was due a rough outline for a book idea that I've been thinking about for a long time. Green heart. I have something really rough that I've started in my node. I know it will change a lot for a while, but it's nice to have something physical that I can work with instead of a bunch of notes with bits of ideas scattered all over. Yes. It definitely feels more like an actual project if you have that solid thing in the middle. So well flipping done. Soph in the live stream chat says conduit writers group. That sounds like a great idea. Maybe for a NaNoWriMo. Not that I would be a writer, but maybe I can. I'm a really good cheerleader, but we'll take a look and see because we do have a lot of writers. I'm so proud of all of the writers. They're so great. Well done. And our Panda. I'm only pausing because it's a Panda and folks know my opinions on Pandas, but this one's great. Oh my gosh. Our Panda of the show, James, says Green check did pretty well. Survive the variety of last minute app problems. Thanks, Apple. And have mostly acclimated to living like a regular human being again. Donate to St. Jude and get my screensaver. So the stress over the last week was worth it. Okay. Only because it's James will I allow such blatant promotion of one's own work. Yeah. As a donation. So if you donate $60, I think you get the digital pack, which includes the screensaver, which includes like the screensaver is incredible. And there are so many Easter eggs, of course, because it is from James. But he, he goes above and beyond. There's even a secret unicorn mode, which I personally love. But thanks to Sonoma causing issues with screensavers, it was, I can, I know that he was very stressed. So I'm very proud of you. Also, just a reminder, make sure you support PCALC as well, because there is a conduit dice. So yes, so PCALC and dice by PCALC support all of it. And yeah, then you get to roll you conduit dice. Indeed. All right. Cheentas, our tire advocate of the show, green square with a couple hours to spare. I managed to go through my fabric stash. Unfortunately, with an asterisk, I couldn't find anything I can use for upcoming projects. So we'll have to buy more. Well, the nice thing is, is that it, it now your fabric stash should be organized. So there should be no issues. Yep. Right. Right. You'll know exactly what you need and will only purchase what you need. Sure. Only purchasing what we need. That wasn't a direct, that wasn't directed at me. Not at all. Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope. The Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica says, yellow circle, I got part of one dresser sorted, one dresser drawer sorted, but it was the biggest, fullest, most complicated drawer. So it's all, it's all easy from here. Then you got this. Yeah. Our Oracle of the show, Soph says orange heart. I'm a bit despondent that I haven't got everything done as Jay was so nice about my ability to write on demand, but I'm very behind because of illness and sudden demands from other projects. But I've nearly finished the first article proposal. I'm hoping to send it out tonight during conduit and I'll keep plugging away on the second article. Yes. Also, if you're ill, like, I mean, yeah, that's like a free pass. Not necessarily, but like that is a very acceptable reasoning moment. Like, yes. Yes. Also, why did you highlight despondent in the, in the, not because I had to look up and see what that means anyway. Our train enthusiast of the show, Railsie and not some other name because it's spooky season. I will not have any of the spookiness. Hello works too. I'm guessing because hello works maybe was used last year. And so this is the return. They said not quite as much intended, but definitely more than before. At least like it's at least gotten me into the groove for resumes. Cover letters are a different beast. And yes, I definitely remember Rails really this, the train enthusiasts of the shows goal is to get on that spree of sending out resumes and cover letters. And yes, they are definitely a different beast. Indeed. Indeed. This episode of conduit is brought to you by micro.blog. Blogging is still the easiest way to share stuff on the web. And micro.blog is the easiest way to blog. Personal blogging is making a comeback thanks to all the disruption in social media. So if you have always wanted to build your own place on the internet to keep and share the stuff you love micro.blog is for you. Micro.blog is the blog you will actually use because we've made it so easy to write short or long blog posts, share photos, keep a log of the books you read, and even create your own podcast, but more than a place to post your stuff. It's also a friendly community of people with a wide range of interests who share and comment via micro.blog social timeline, which is managed by humans, not bots. It's the social network you can feel good about. And because micro.blog is open, you can use your own domain name, cross post to Tumblr or sorry, Tumblr and Macedon and Twitter or X. You can also follow and be followed by Macedon users directly with conversations threading across both micro.blog and Macedon. And finally, you can share your RSS feed so anyone can follow you. Micro.blog hosting starts at $5 a month. Head to micro.blog and sign up for the 30 day free trial. Use the coupon code RELAY and you'll get a special deal. With your standard subscription, you'll get a premium account at no extra charge. That's $5 a month for hosting that includes all of our premium features, including podcast hosting. That's a savings of 50%. Micro.blog and use code RELAY. Our thanks to micro.blog for their support of this show and all of Relay FM. Oh, I'm sad because I actually had a testimonial for micro.blog. Well, give me a testimonial. Okay, so a while back, I found I had a feature that I wanted for a particular piece of software. And I published to my blog that I would like this approved. And because the software requires a certain number of people to say, Hey, that's a great idea. You should add that as well. You know, it was one of those things where I wanted more and more people to get involved. And I will have you know that there were folks from micro.blog that at least told me that they did it. I can't track if they did or not. But they actually saw my blog post that was cross posted to micro.blog and then agreed that this would be a good feature to add and then helped contribute to it. And I will have you know that there were enough people to get this added to the list of things that they're going to be adding to the program. So I am super, super, super excited about that. Also, at the end of every ad, I say thank you in a different language. And this time, we're saying it in Sosotho, which oops, hold on, hold on, gotta gotta fix the thing. I did it backwards. I did it backwards. That's English. This is Sosotho and it's going to be Keleboha. Thank you. So Kathy, as you can tell, my brain's a little broken. But you had a great topic this week about what to do when the things are broke. Want to kind of elaborate on what's going on with you? Yeah. So this past weekend, lots of things broke. My kid got scared, slightly attacked, accosted by a jerk on an electric bike and caused them to drop their phone on top of the keys, which meant that the screen broke, which means I have now had several appointments with different people because did you know that with the new phones, they don't send out the replacement parts until like a month later, which now I learned. So yesterday, after the second appointment that day, their phone is on a vacation to Cupertino to get fixed. Thankfully, it only costs $29 because AppleCare Plus, thank you very much. But yeah, so hopefully they should get it by Friday. However, the switching of the SIMs to their old phone, which thankfully we had not sent it yet, didn't work. So they can only make calls and texts by Wi-Fi. So they currently have my hot spot with them in their backpack in case of an emergency to be able to contact outside of Wi-Fi. So that's number one. Number two, my car decided it did not want to work smoothly anymore. It started shaking and it had a service engine soon light come on, which I don't know a lot about cars. They kind of scare me and intimidate me just because they're so big and complex and I just don't understand them. But thankfully, I have friends and people that do so. But I was able to get it to AutoZone where they very kindly did not make fun of me for not knowing where to plug in the little tester thingy in the bottom of the car. So that was nice and it sold me some spark plugs, which I with help from a friend replaced last night. It didn't fix the problem. So the next step is the ignition coils, which I will be doing later this afternoon. And hopefully that will fix it. But either way, it's really nice to not have to spend several hundreds of dollars potentially to a mechanic to do things because I have friends. So I only have to pay a couple hundred dollars for supplies. But again, I don't know enough about cars to be confident about it. But thankfully, we have access to the tools and other people's brains to help me through it. But that's all been just super stressful. And then I also am having this issue with one of the systems that I use for my volume photography. They won't give me my flipping money because they changed the payment system. And I was on a call last week with them for way too long. And then I was on the call this morning to try and get it to go because I got one payment that went through, but still not the big chunk. And I was on hold while they tried to research it. And it dropped my call. And then I tried calling back. I've been on hold so much today and I'm just, I hate it. I hate it so much. And I'm trying really, really hard to not let it completely just ruin my mood and my day. But it's been really difficult. Yesterday was a really hard day to the point where I had a meeting that I have with a team and I basically told my number two and I was like, hey, I need you to run this. I can't come because I cannot people. I cannot handle one more thing. And it's just, yeah, that's a lot. Yeah, I can at least say I'm sorry that all of that hit at one immediate time. That's to me is the worst part of it. It's like, you know, one thing at a time you tackle it, it's annoying. But then it even then it just seems like when you have to do it, you know, okay, work around that, work around that now also work around that and then work around that. But don't forget about this thing way over here too. Yeah. And on top of it too, Ryan's cough still hasn't gone away. And so I'm going to have to call a doctor because it's just hanging on. And I'm like, okay, cool. One more thing. So that that goes back to the like adulting is hard. Like, yes, thing. That is that is one of those things that I have struggled with more and more just trying to think about like, I got nothing done. But when I bounce back and look at it, it's like, oh, no, I put out like 15 fires. And I'm glad that at least in the one thing that, you know, you were able to delegate, you know, some of that stuff, you were able to say like, hey, can you can you lead this? I can't right now. Can't even can't odd right now. Now, I guess in the realm of putting out the fires, like, is there a plan? Is there is it, you know, tread water until you're back on land or like, like, what are you thinking? Yeah, I woke up this morning, you know, still just emotionally exhausted. Like so said, you know, my bucket of, you know, and stuff is full, which feels very accurate. But this morning, I tried to kind of center myself a little bit. So I had a liquid IV to get a little extra hydration, because I definitely did not drink enough water yesterday while I was running around and stressed and all of that. So hydration is important. I did my morning routine. I sat in and really, you know, did my journaling, my, you know, brain dumping, I've configured, you know, my omni focus to make sure I know what I need to do. Just all of all of the things that really try and center me, including lighting candles, which was really nice that it's cold enough to do that. Thank you, weather change. And I'm just trying, I'm trying to do the things that I know I can handle and not be distracted by the things that I can't. And I know, I know it's a real privilege to be in that space where I can, you know, put aside things that I don't necessarily want to do or don't need to do. I am lucky that last week, I made a variety of different foods that will feed us for the week. Like I have lots of taco meat and beans mixed up so we can do a variety of different things with that. We have a lot of rice left over last night for dinner. I was so tired, but thankfully I had one help serving of pork and mashed potatoes that I had made and just like trying to make sure that I'm fueling myself and finding, taking moments of, of like acknowledging that it's hard, that it's okay to be frustrated, that like, even though it feels like the world is ending, it's really not, it's going to be okay. But yeah, I'm really tired. I, it's funny you mentioned tired because that was as I was like, doing my normal thing of, of, of trying to listen and be like podcaster and all that stuff. I saw the, I saw someone mentions the tire method in one of their upcoming connections. And I was thinking about this of like, I think we've, we've used this analogy before when it comes to the whole tire metaphor, which by the way, the tire metaphor spawned back in the early days of conduit. For those who were here before that, it is a, an acronym that stands for time, intuition, resources, and energy. And this is for helping to make good decisions on things that you should do or things that people are maybe trying to get you to do. But one of the things that I thought about with this is I think you live in an area where snow is a thing. I'm not sure anymore. The world's on fire. Usually once a year. Okay. But, you know, people have, well, people who are more used to snow in and out of their, their daily have like snow tires and they have snow chains and they have like all these things that you can do for when the terrain is a little bit different than what you're used to. And, and I'm truly just wondering, like, one, since you are a caretaker, I think you probably are better equipped than, than most in the world where there are just going to be times when, like, no, can't, can't do a lot of stuff right now because of, of reasons. Yeah. But have you, have you thought about what, what that mode looks like or the, the activation of said mode of like, hey, now it's, it's time to close off all the, close up all the windows. There's a blizzard coming. I think that would be a really smart thing to do. My problem is, is there's, you, it's harder for me to recognize signs before it's so overwhelming. I think it's, it could be helpful to kind of have things to like contribute, like options to make things better slash easier slash help make sense. Maybe I don't, I don't know what it looks like though. However, I am working on the, the food part is, is a big thing, making sure that I don't just revert to like not doing anything, either not eating or order takeout or something that isn't going to be great. And it costs way too much money and isn't just isn't the best option for everything involved. But starting this weekend, I'm actually having a day where I'm going to a friend's house and we're going to meal prep together, which the fact that it's not at my house is great, because I will get to hang out with my friend at the time that we're going to be making these meals. I will have a little bit more planning involved. And because there's somebody that I can, I will be doing it with that like obligation is there a little bit more. I, other than that, I'm not, I'm not sure I, I'm gonna, I think this is a, it's a good reminder that I need to look into possibly making some changes to, to, to better help me in the future. Help future Kathy by using present Kathy thing. And it's hard because I have so, I have so many friends that are, and I say this with so much love, like I say, I have so many people that are more than willing to help, but I don't know what I can do to have them help. Like so many people have offered support in ways that is just like unbelievable. I'm so lucky and blessed, but the, the brain function it takes to figure out what can be done when I'm overwhelmed because of all of these things is, is kind of difficult. Yeah, I've, so we've, you know, I've mentioned part of why we moved closer to, or we moved to the East coast was to be closer to family and, and kind of be there in that moment. When I think I, I don't know how much I said about this, but there was a, I believe there was a week where I wasn't here. And yeah, it was a situation where my mom was hospitalized. She's fine now. Everything is good. But while she was there, there was this moment of life has to, has to keep moving. Like things have to keep going. And it was amazing to see that just like how you have a little soup. My mom had like an executor, like assistant executor in charge in my younger sister who was able to just without skipping a beat, here's where the bills are, here's how they get paid. You know, here's where things have to happen. And, and again, this is where, you know, my heart goes out to caretakers because I feel like they're often, it's not just them that are kind of more prepared for these moments, but naturally the people around them are also more prepared because they happen and they have to happen. Unfortunately, they have, like you have to be prepared for these things when they happen. Otherwise, even worse things happen. But even, but being just around there, it was interesting because I wanted to help, but I didn't know how to help. So often being out of the way was the best way to help. And I want to spin all that back, you know, back to our topic where there are, there are often a bunch of these things that we do that we, we add the stress on. And in our mind, it's like, if only this didn't exist right now. And I think sometimes they don't necessarily have to exist right now. I've talked about this in my, how I got into productivity journey of like, when I was most worried about getting fired from my first job out of the military, which was all the whole like, Oh, I got to be productive. The thing that, that helped was, wasn't that I did an Eisenhower priority matrix or whatever. It was that I was able to identify a few things that were ultimately, if I didn't do them, no one would notice. Like, it did not matter. I was putting that pressure on me to do those things. And it was, a lot of it was because I wanted to, but being real with myself, I didn't have to. And, and, you know, prioritizing in that way of like, if I don't do this, then bad things happen. And yeah, like, I feel like that's, that's the solution. Yeah. Gotta, gotta find those things. We fixed it. We solved it all. We solved all problems with productivity and stuff. Speaking of solving problems, Kathy, is there a problem that you wish to solve this fortnight? It's so many problems. I, okay, I'm going to do, you know, I, I almost called it a cop out, but it's not like, this is an absolute, like, it is an option that is a hundred percent acceptable. And I'm going to acknowledge that now, but I am going to try to center myself. I'm going to find time to relax and focus on me. I mean, that, that's not a cop out. That's, that's a good thing that you should be doing. No, I think that's going to be great. I think especially in a time where a lot of you feel like you have to do a lot of things, I think still managing to find a little bit of time for yourself. It'll come up for air, you know, and that'll, that might slow time down a little bit. I am, I don't even know. I, I just posted something on Mastodon about wanting to find more time to help get people to help me find more time. I do think I'm going to make an honest attempt at that. And specifically, I'm, I'm building things and more people are getting involved. And as more people are getting involved, they're asking me a lot of questions that I don't have the answers to. So I'm going to ask for help and do some documenting of things so that when people ask, there may already be an answer. And I don't have to, I don't have to go digging for stuff. It can, it can just be there. Excellent. I love it. I think some people call that making a wiki, but I'm not going to call it that because that, no, I'm just, I'm just not. Well, whatever you call it, make sure you write it in the doc so you don't have to try and remember on Thursday. Do the thing with the thing and the stuff. Yes. Yep. Yep. Yep. What about our conductors? Yeah. Our artists of the show's new connection is finished making a cover letter. I've been putting it off for a while now. I'm not sure if it'll help me get a job or not, but I can't hurt. Definitely will be helpful. Cover letters, cover letters, cover letters, are, you know, custom cover letters for some reason do things and you can do it. Absolutely. Our sprint of the show, Devo says nothing in particular for this conduit. I have a work trip as well as my first screening mammogram since I finished my cancer treatments. So I just want to get through the next couple of weeks. Survival at its best. You can do this Devo. Every single time. Yes, that thanks ponders. Just kidding. It's been a year. Due to the previously mentioned big life changes, I have an amazing chance to consider and renegotiate my relationship to my professional and creative work as well as my personal life, specifically in how I define successes. This is something I have not historically been very good at. I'll set unreasonable goals and then be brought down by the weight of not achieving them to the point where I stopped doing the thing I loved and set out to do in the first place. So my connection for the next 26 conduits is to get better at defining what success looks like for the various facets of my life, balancing the ambitious and the attainable, the manageable, and the meaningful. I love this connection. I feel like this could be a really good topic discussing success, like how to define it and how to celebrate it. Also, maybe set a recurring reminder every couple of weeks to just paste that back in again. Yes. Yeah, we miss you ponders. Hang out with this more. Our fish bearer of the show, Fishy Kai says, new connection, continue to help the fifth grader that is definitely not Fishy Kai. Learn how to use a planner for school. Probably work on actually using it every day. The tire method is still at least six or seven steps down the line. Sorry. That's okay. If it's on the list, I'll take that as a win. Exactly. Our mountain dweller of the show, Logang. Maybe I should put something for my actual job. Nah, just kidding. Finished flashing out the podcast idea. My wife and I had to see if it has potential. If it does, start figuring out what to need to do to actually do it. Well, you can definitely check out our sponsor, Micro.blog, to host a podcast there at very low barrier of entry. I can't wait to hear what the podcast is about. Just do it. And our pathologist of the show, Laura says, attempt a no or low spin conduit. I lent some money out to a friend unexpectedly to cover university balance so they could register for the semester, which means until my next paycheck, I need to curb my usual spending habits a bit. Hey, funny enough, our family is talking about no spin November. We have to give us some lead time to plan what that even looks like. But yeah, I would love to hear how you do. And also I'm hoping for the best for you and your friend as well. I also am doing a low spin. I like the idea of a low spin conduit. In fact, that was going to also be my connection until I changed it. But we are also doing a no spin, low spin idea where we can only buy groceries and things that we need, i.e. car supplies, but no random takeouts, no random things off of Amazon, etc. So yeah, good luck. Our shark of the show, one pair of shoes. My next connection is wash and detail my car one more time before the rainy season really kicks in. I hope the weather holds up. Good luck. It did not hold up for me. Our panda of the show, James says, actually relax. That's it. That's the connection. Yeah, you can do this. You can do this. Our tire advocate of the show, Chinta's next connection. I seem to have accidentally volunteered myself to organize an internal conference at work. As this doesn't sound like a job for just me, my connection is to find at least one other person to help. That sounds like a very good idea. I hate it when that happens. Our Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica says, follow up with new personal trainer who is coming up with a gentle plan to slowly improve my energy level and stamina without overdoing it like I usually do. Wow. Asking a professional to help you with something that you need help with. It's such a wonderful idea. I should probably try that. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. It's a great, great idea. Our oracle of the show, Soph says, next connection, work on my journal article. No specific writing goals this time. I just want to get some of it done. Absolutely. The power of some. The training enthusiast of the show, Railsie says, or Holoworks too says, keep applying for more jobs. Try to get into a better flow for cover letters, more resources, more guides. Hey, Carly Knight was also working on some cover letter stuff. So I think it would be really cool if y'all work together to at least share some insights with each other and do that thing. Maybe we can work at it at our next superconductor. That sounds like a good idea. The nameless of the show, Nameless says, new connection, rethink my system. I've realized that I've fallen into a routine and I want to break free from it in order to effectively manage my time and tackle all my tasks. My aim is to do so while incorporating my preferred analog and digital tools in a way that feels natural. Yes, you can do it. And if you would like to submit a connection, you can do so in the relay FM switch on Discord in the hashtag show follow up channel by starting your message with the conduit emoji and putting your connection after. You can also submit feedback by clicking the link in the show notes or using the submit feedback button at relay.fm slash conduit. Visit I'm a superconductor to become a member today to get access to pre and post show banner and ad free episode and a coworking session in the off weeks with Kathy and Jay. Lastly, check out you can wear it.com for some great conduit merch and thank you to micro.blog for sponsoring this week's episode. Kathy, I know we did it and I hope that you're able to do all the things that you want to set out to do. But I'm going to ask you anyway, did we do it? Heck yeah, we can't get it. Awesome.