---
description: Jay is gone on a super secret trip so Kathy brings on the Canadian Trivia
  Card Enthusiast of the Show Erika Ensign to talk about juggling multiple careers
  and life.
pub_date: October 19th, 2023
title: '60: Not Juggling, It’s Balancing'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/60
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we condue our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that is here to give you a big virtual hug. I'm Kathy Campbell and with me today is not our friend Jay, who is off on a super secret trip being awesome somewhere else. Instead, I have the absolute incomparable Erika Ensign. Hello. Hello, I am here to give everybody who wants one a great big internet hug because I am a hugger. Yes, and you give very good hugs. Oh, so do you. I am a hug connoisseur. You rate high, Kathy. Excellent. That is my goal to rate high on any scale that there is that exists in the world. I want to always be up there. I love your ambition. I want to be healthy level of ambition without being creepy ambitious. You know what? That, yes, that is absolutely again, a very high bar that I want to reach of not being creepy. It's a harder bar to reach on the internet. That is very true. That is very true. Even being a woman, it is still very easy to be creepy. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. But none of that. We're off of that now. Let's talk. I want to tell our fantastic audience what happened in the Discord. If you are not a member of the Relay FM Switch on Discord, what are you even doing? Hang out with us. It's fun. And this past week, we kind of plotted a little takeover of Apple. Of course, totally hypothetically, totally not real, not actually going to be doing any sort of murdering or adjustments of the real job. But it was kind of a fun thought experiment to figure out what the hosts would do in Apple and how we would get better colors maybe. I will say I missed most maybe all of that for reasons that we'll talk about later in the podcast. But I will say that I am a relatively new member of the Relay FM Switch on Discord. And I want to recommend that everybody who has been, if you're already a member and you haven't checked it out yet, you should. And if you're not a member yet, well, consider that. I was nervous because, you know, joining any new community that's established, that's been around for a while, it can be intimidating. And especially in the Break Room channel, my God, people were just so chill and nice and welcoming. And there were ongoing jokes that I didn't get and then people helped me understand them and then I left. And it was just, everybody was just so welcoming and great. So shout out to the Discord. I love hearing that because we try really hard to make sure because it is scary. There's a lot of people in the Discord and conversations happen really fast. And it's been around for years, which means there's a lot of in-jokes because that's what happens whenever you have multiple people hanging out together over a period of time. And so that's wonderful to hear that. We're welcoming because I think so too, but I've also been there from the beginning, so it's hard to really tell. It takes a very special kind of community and people within the community to walk that line between in-jokes that are great for the people who are already in and in-jokes that are open enough to be welcoming to new folks. And I feel like it works real great here. Excellent. Love that. Also, last week we had our coworking session for our Superconductors, which of course, if you would like to join in, that's just one of the benefits of being a member of Conduit. Last week we discussed how to add connections into the Discord. We're so happy to help support anybody that needs a little bit of extra help to add a connection, both in the Discord if you are in there, but also you can do it through the feedback option in the podcast. There should be a link in your podcast app of choice, or you can always go to relay.fm slash conduit slash feedback and throw in your connection there. It's so chill. Just whatever you put is going to be perfect. Getting that first one can be really scary, Erica, as I know you experienced. I felt so much pressure to have a good connection for my first connection. I don't even remember what I ended up going with in the end. It didn't matter, but it felt like it was a really big deal and everybody was very kind about helping me figure it out. Good. Yeah, we want to make sure everyone is part of the community if they want to be. We also discussed what happened in the year 2000, which was 23 years ago. If you want to think about that, sorry, I broke it a little bit. We were also planning some trips around London for after Relay 10, which happens in July of 2023. 2024, this is 2023. What is years? What is time? Who knows? Nobody knows. But lots of planning. We have plenty of months to get that planning done. I have a feeling it's going to be a topic that comes up again in the co-working time. If you want to join us for our next co-working session, they happen every week in the off week. Oh, thanks, Ariel. Oh my gosh, so many things happening. It's just like chaos all of a sudden. So much chaos. Apparently the live stream crashed and Discord crashed and all sorts of things happened. But if you want to be in the chat while we record these live and join the Discord and join the co-working, you can visit IamASuperconductor.com to become a conduit member today. That's letter I, letter M, letter A, superconductor.com. So next up, we tend to do our shout outs and we have a very special shout out because friends in our lives, Dan Moran, has a new book out. We love supporting our friends and we are lucky enough to be friends with many authors. So when new books come out, it's very exciting. But you have already read the book. I have. I read a version of it years ago, a lot of years ago. Dan tells me that it has changed a bit since the version that I read. But the version that I read was so good and I have basically just been keeping an eye on him to be like, where is this book? Picture me with little binoculars just staring at Dan. Where is that other book you let me read years ago? Is that going to come out? And yes, yes, it is. All Souls Lost, as we record this, actually came out today. And first week sales are such a huge deal for authors right now. So if you are even remotely considering maybe checking out a really cool urban fantasy that has a decent amount of tech stuff in it, there's a big tech company in the book that's featured in some ways, then you absolutely check out All Souls Lost by our good pal Dan Moran. I am 100% biased because he's my friend, but he's also a really good author. I'm actually literally wearing a t-shirt from his other book series, the Galactic Cold War series. I'm wearing a t-shirt that I bought because I like that series so much. Amazing. Yeah, my old Kindle case had a sticker from that series, which I really loved. That was really fun. I had some of those stickers on my old luggage and then it died and I had to go to the big luggage corral in the sky. Now the stickers are gone. Amazing. Amazing. All right, so it is now time for our connection checks. Erica, could you do a zap free? Yeah, you can. I was ready. I love it. I usually have to prompt the guests because they're not used to zapping, but you were all in. I loved it. I zap with you guys every time. Yay. Amazing. Amazing. How did your connection go, Erica? I'm giving myself a green apple because apples for some reason stand for health. I'm not entirely sure why apples don't have the most nutrition in them. But anyway, still, green apple because I did indeed follow up with the personal trainer that I finally contacted. I will be getting a program on Friday. I'm going to meet with her on Friday. I get a program that will hopefully be low-key and adjustable enough that I can do it even when I'm having bad health days. Scary, but a good thing in the end. Yes, I'm so proud of you. That's absolutely scary. We talked a little bit about how new things are pretty scary, but you did so good. I'm so excited. I can't wait to hear how it goes. Yes. I can do this. Yes. I am giving myself a green checkmark, even though I could have done better, but I'm still ... Life is always a journey and an adjustment. My connection last fortnight was to find time to relax and focus on me. I have done that, again, not as well as I could, but I have been ... But you did it. Yes, I did. I've been playing Assassin's Creed Mirage, which is way better than Valhalla. I jumped, bounced off Valhalla so quickly. I did not like it, but Mirage is hitting all of the notes of Assassin's Creed that I enjoy, and so I'm having a lot of fun of playing that on my PlayStation. Go me. I've never played any of those games, but they look interesting. I didn't realize that they had a ... I guess, spoiler for story, maybe. They have a section that takes place in the future, and the whole plot device of Assassin's Creed is that there's ... Obviously, the assassins are the secret ... Whatever, and in the future, these people get ... There's technology for them to visit their past lives to then support whatever area you're doing. Wow. So in Renaissance Italy or on a pirate ship or Mirage is around Baghdad, and it's very cool. I didn't realize that that was the hook until I was like, I want to play a new game on the Switch. I was like, Assassin's Creed, I've heard of those. Then I looked and I was like, oh yeah, this is way more historical and interesting than I thought, because I don't want a game that's just like, okay, we're just going to beat everybody up. Even though we're killing people, it's still ... I don't know, it's weird. You're only killing the bad guys. It's fine. Yes. I mean, I've been playing Starfield nonstop for weeks at this point. It's not historical, but it has romanceable characters, and really that's what I'm looking for. There you go. That's all you need in life. Yeah. All right. Well, let's start with our Conductor's Connections. Carly Knight has a ... Our artist of the show, Carly, has an orange circle. I didn't finish writing the cover letter. I gave myself partial credit because I found a template that I can use in the future. That, my dear, is how you win, because giving that orange, you didn't finish, but you have set yourself up to be successful in the future. I love that. Hear, hear. Demo, our soprano of the show. Connection Check is a green heart. Successfully went on a work trip, was around hundreds of people, and avoided getting sick. Holy moly. Then had my first mammogram since my bout with breast cancer and everything looked normal. I am raising my hands to the ceiling for you, Demo. Nice work. Yes. Our shark of the show has Connection Check. My connection was to wash and detail my car one more time before the rainy season really kicks in. I hope the weather holds up. X. That did not work out at all. Getting caught up on sleep was prioritized, which means your connection changed and you have a green heart on getting caught up on sleep. That's just wisdom. Yes. Fishy Kai, the fish bear of the show. Green heart. We're making good progress on the school planner. This will be a long-term project, but we have a solid start. I look forward, as a listener, I look forward to Fishy Kai's updates about the fifth grader with the planner. I have flashbacks of my little fifth grade planner that we were given in school. I hope yours is better. There's way better options out there now. Absolutely. Yeah. Our tire advocate of the show, Chintas Orange Square. My connection was to get someone to help with organizing a conference at work. Forgot to ask people, but someone came forward and volunteered, so I consider this a partial win. I think it's a total win because your connection was to get someone to help and you got someone to help. That sounds good to me. Yep. Sometimes things just come to you. It still counts. Yes. If somebody hands me a donut or if I go and buy a donut, once I've eaten the donut, I've still eaten the donut. Yes. That is very true. Although a free donut does taste better than a pained donut. It does. Panda of the show, James, green check. I mostly relaxed despite some last minute relay screensaver related fun, which meant I wasn't entirely not working. Tsk, tsk. But that was for the kids, so I don't mind. Generally, though, some friends from out of town visited, so I hung out with them, read books, played some games, and didn't do a whole lot else. It was glorious. I know that one of those games was Starfield. We have already confabbed about this, and we will again. Space Cowboys. Yes, I'm in love with the Space Cowboy. It's true. Now I'm thinking of the N'Sync song, Space Cowboy. I hope that plays in the game, because if not, that's a big, big disappointment. I feel like N'Sync was lost to future generations mostly because it's not in the public domain. That's probably a good point. Maybe by the time we get into space, though, consistently, it'll be in the public domain again. I don't know how copyright for that kind of music works. I'm sure it's fine. We're going to take N'Sync to the Stars. Yes. That's basically the bottom line. Exactly. Just like Lance wanted to go, and then was canceled. But that's fine. Anyways, moving on. Our trade enthusiast of the show, Real Z. Green Circle. The job apps keep coming somewhat. I've spent some time speaking with Careers Wales to expand my options. It'll take some time, but things are moving. First major interview at BTDone. Just waiting back on that. Congratulations. Yeah, though you're doing exactly what needs to be done right now, and that is fantastic. Well, we also have a connection check here from host of the show, Jay, which is great. My connection was to start documenting things that people can do, and maybe that will help find people to do them. Green check. I'm actually about to have a meeting with some community leaders to assign those responsibilities. Good job, Jay. I'm just keeping your chair warm for you. Yes. Also, I made sure to put Jay later on the list because they were very slow with sending their connections, so I figured they needed to be punished. But someone who's not being punished is the oracle of the show, Soph, who has a green apple. I got my proposal written and sent off and did a bunch more writing, driven entirely by deadlines. Good enough. Absefrickinlutely. I am so proud of all of our conductors this fortnight. It's been a busy couple of weeks. I cannot believe we're in the fourth quarter of the year. How did that happen? I don't even know. Oh, my goodness. But you know what? We're doing great. You are doing fantastic. We're here. We're going to keep on trucking. Keep on trucking. And we're now to the main event, our big juicy topic. Just trucking on to the main event. Yes. I am clearly in a very silly mood, and that's fine because I also have all of the NSYNC songs rolling around in my head for some reason. I don't know why. So when Jay let me know that they were off on a super secret trip, I needed to find a guest host. And I immediately was like, Erica, I don't want to put too much pressure on you because I know you've been so busy and overwhelmed and tired and all of that. But I really wanted to bring you on and have a conversation with you. And you said yes. And that made me so happy. I got the slack message from you right after I woke up one morning. I think it was a Victoria Day or something. And it just it started my day off really happy. I didn't even have to think twice about it because this was like dream come true podcast guest host gig. Amazing. I just love being on podcasts with you. And having you in my ears makes me so happy. And so getting to bring you on and monopolize your time instead of having to have you fix dice rolls in D&D is way better. And it is also nice when I'm talking to you. And you can talk back to me because you hear me and not that you're just doing a podcast that I'm listening to on my phone and I'm saying things. Yeah. Also, also good help for help there. Yeah. So I immediately of course had a variety of topic ideas, but I wanted to kind of know what you wanted to talk about, of course, because you being the guest, you have, you know, what do you want to talk about as opposed to what do you not want to talk about? And you had just a fantastic, great idea. Would you like to introduce it to our audience? Sure. I mean, I think it was actually your idea. And then I, and then I nodded. You put it in better words. The words that are now in the show doc, which is actually that's my, that's my like secret weapon is I'm not great at ideas, but I'm very good at taking ideas and making them just a little bit better. And that is something that I do in both of my careers, which is my segue to tell you that the topic is we are going to talk about juggling multiple careers today. I personally have my podcasting career. I'm not just a guest host. I actually host other podcasts and produce other podcasts. And between my spouse, Steven and I sort of have a business where we edit podcasts and produce podcasts for other people. Sort of. You do have a business. You do. It's sort of from a legal standpoint because technically we're both like independent contractors and we just like use the name Castrea and say, oh yes, that's us. But for legal reasons, because I'm an immigrant to Canada and a US citizen, it would be really complicated if we actually had a business. Pro tip for anybody who emigrates from the States to Canada, don't incorporate in Canada unless you want to have to deal with a whole bunch of nonsense. That's just a little, a little gift from me to all of you. You emigrants. It's a good lesson to learn. But on top of that, I also have a day job working for the provincial government where I live. And that's like a regular deskie, not nine to five, but nine to five-ish day job. Yep. It is my job job. And both of those things are important to me for different reasons. So there's a lot of juggling that happens. And actually, in addition to the podcast stuff, Steven has a part-time casual gig working for the Edmonton Oilers doing the replay on the big leg jumbotron screen at their games. So he's also juggling two careers and you've got juggling happening too, Kathy. Oh yeah. So much juggling, not just in my main jobby job, which is unicorning and all of the clients that come in on that. But then of course I have all of the other things that I do to bring in money and bring me joy at the same time, plus being a parent and a caregiver. And then all of the podcasts and podcasting that is done and running a Wheel of Time community and just a couple things going on in my life. It's funny because every time, so I just started with a friend of Relay, Carrie, who is the, I forget what her chief advertising officer, I think it's her official relay title. But she has a thing called Flow State Sessions where they do three times a week. They have 90 minutes where you're kind of co-working together and actually co-working as opposed to our off week conduit co-working, which is more of like, yes, we get some stuff done, but we also are communicating and sharing energy with each other. But I just started doing those in the last couple of weeks and it's been, the first day was interesting because I have to, you have to introduce yourself and you have to kind of say what it is that you do. And I'm always like, how much do I say? How deep do I go in? And yeah, I went all in on those because I knew that I would be working on a variety of different things during that session, that section. And yeah, it's, I still manage to forget things. It's like when I'm on a podcast and somebody says, oh, where can people find you? What podcast do you want to tell people about? And I like scramble to like send a fake email so that I can look at my email signature and be like, what are the podcasts I do? I don't know. It's too many. Oh, that's so smart though. I love that. That's amazing. I tend to like to send people to just kathycampbell.com because it just has everything there. That's a very good idea. I should figure something. Well, I mean, I technically I have a website, but I haven't looked in like seven years. Yeah. Maybe, maybe slightly after. Yeah. It's literally, it's just a single page and it just has links out. Like there's no, like, it's very basic. Yeah. Very basic because I don't have a ton of like, my memory is very, very bad. And so being able to have these cheats to remind myself what I do all day, it's very helpful. Speaking of bad memory, like that is me too. I, and it's not just bad memory. It's the fact that there's so much stuff with all of this juggling. There's so much stuff coming at us all the time that, you know, my brain just can't necessarily move something from short-term memory into long-term memory quickly enough before something else comes rushing at me. So my mantra for so long, day job and at home now, sadly, is if it's not written down, it doesn't exist. That is just how it works. And it has changed over the years, like where I've written things down and like where stuff has been documented, but until it's in black and white or, you know, black and white with a yellow highlight and some exclamation points, it doesn't actually exist. And that has become, been like such an important thing is, you know, just it's, it's offsite memory. I just need to store this information in a different system than my brain. To make sure that I can access it and get back to it when I need it. And that has, that is probably the number one, and tool is not even the word because that's not a tool. That's just a practice that I do over and over again. Like in, and it's interesting how it sort of has morphed into two different things because in my day job, usually it's like email. I use email for keeping track of everything and like, you know, there's like teams type chats and there's SharePoint, like all kinds of tools. But for me, I just like to throw everything in email so that I can search and find things. And, you know, if I have a physical conversation with somebody and we talk about something, I like to send a follow-up email being like, and this is what we talked about, right? And then it's like, you know, in black and white, and then they have also agreed to it, that sort of thing. But I'm not going to do that with Stephen. So when we're talking about like our, our, our, life visiting his parents who live like an hour away, you know, for, for dinner or, you know, something fun going shopping, groceries, like I'm not necessarily going to email him about everything, but, but honestly, it's the calendar that ends up working the same. It does the same function on that side because he's got so much stuff going on, you know, that I never know which games he's, he's working. I mean, I, if it's a home game, obviously, and it's a Oilers game, he's working. Yes, I know that. So that will be on the calendar. But there's also the, the, the WHL, the Western Hockey League team that he sometimes does games for too. Sometimes he works on, sometimes he doesn't. So he has to have those on the calendar so I can see what they are. I have my work meetings on the calendar because if I'm working from home and I have a meeting, Stephen can't be like skulking around in the background. Like that would be wrong. I mean, he can, but that would be creepy. And we already talked about that. No creepiness. No creepiness. And he's not, you know, he doesn't get to know my, my, my day job work stuff. So, so all of that stuff lands on the calendar so that we know where we're going to be, when we need to be together. And like, if it's something really just general, like he's at the grocery store and, you know, do you want some diet root beer? I mean, well, actually the answer to that is always yes. I always want some diet A&W root beer. But if he has a question, you know, that'll just be a quick text, but, but it's, it's fascinating to me that the tools for, for getting those two things different, getting those two things done, work, jobby job and home life and home podcast jobby job are completely different. Yeah. And yet you still have, you know, there's something to be said about finding the tool that works for the job that needs to get done. And it's going to usually be strange and it's going to be different than normal or different than what somebody else does or what they think is normal. And it's, it, it's important that even if you might be embarrassed to talk to somebody about it, if it works, then by golly, it works. And that's, that's important. It's only if it doesn't work that you need to have some time to kind of like reevaluate what might be going on and why it's not working. Cause that's the, that's the hard part too, is if something is not working, why, why is it not working and how can you fill those holes? And that's, I mean, we don't normally talk about apps and specific things on the show. We like to try and keep the conversations, you know, generic and, and not about the tools, but I, in the last month have transitioned to using OmniFocus and it has filled the holes that I was having with all of my previous stuff in a way that's been really exciting is a weird word to use. And yet I do have a productivity podcast. So I guess exciting kind of works. It's fair. We're allowed to get excited about anything that makes us excited. That's true. That's true. So yeah, having, having some success in not missing things has been very exciting because there's, there's also like a little bit of a, like almost like a dopamine hit in that moment where you realize whatever the tool happens to be, this thing that I'm doing right now, it's working. Yes. And it's, it's helping. Like that's, that's not just excitement. That's just like a glow. Yes. And especially working and juggling multiple things and situations as, you know, business and personal and, and all of that, having the excitement of not missing something and learning something that you did not miss is very exciting because, oh, maybe I can keep doing what I'm doing and, and juggling all of the things that I'm juggling and be successful with it as opposed to, because don't get me wrong, listen, I've been, I've been self-employed for a very long time now, like 15 years, I think. And I have this time where I think, hmm, this would be so much easier if I just had, you know, a jobby job and I didn't have to think about things off hours and could just, you know, when I'm done, I just leave the office and I'm done. And then I'm like, no, I'm, I'm not employable in a real, in a real, real life, real world job thing. I don't think that's true, but you may not want to be employed in one of them. Yeah, it's, that is probably the best thing about my day job is the fact that I can leave it behind when it's not the day anymore. Just being able to just make that, that hard line delineation, this is the jobby job and now it is the end of that work day and I can go home and I can think about other things and I don't have to think about that. That is, that is a very, very nice thing. But especially in this day and age, I feel like almost everybody who has a jobby job day job has enough other things in their life that they are still going to be doing that somewhat juggling act. So there's, there's going to be something else going on. You need to think about whether it is a podcast business or it is just, you know, helping out your family or making sure your kids are getting fed and bathed into school and like, yeah, yeah, all that kind of stuff. And I am, I mean, one of the reasons that I took my current day job and kept it for as long as I have is the fact that I work with really good people who are understanding of not just, you know, me with my weird podcast stuff because what's a podcast? But also because their understanding of, you know, just everybody has stuff like that in life. So there is enough flexibility, I mean, to be not exactly built into the system. I have a special, like everything, everything in government is very formal. So I have this special agreement that is signed, that's that basically says, Erica is allowed to do this much amount of sort of like flex time working. You guys, I created a beautiful spreadsheet. It is, it is just gorgeous. Yeah. It like, you know, I can put in positive or negative numbers if I, you know, had to leave a little bit early, get some negative numbers. If I worked through like half of my lunch, it gets a positive number. It automatically pops those in as, you know, blue or yellow, it's coded. Like I just, I sent it to my boss and she sent me back an emoji with heart eyes. She also appreciated it. So, so yes, I, I track my time very carefully to make sure that when I am working extra time, I can then use bank that time for later. For example, hello, Kathy, I'm here right now. This is technically, this is normally my jobby job time, but because I knew this was coming up and because I am always just trying to think ahead and know there's going to be something, you know, I'm going to have a podcast. I'm going to need to do in the middle of the day. I'm going to have an appointment I'm going to need to go to. So whenever I am, you know, working from the office and don't want to take a long break, like, yeah, I'll shorten my, my, my lunch to a half an hour and, and bank a half an hour of extra time for the future. So that's how I'm able to be here because there's enough. I have worked out with my boss and my jobby job folks that there's enough flexibility in that system to make sure that I have time at weird times to, to do things that are related to other parts of life. Yeah. Yeah. I think, and that's, that's something to take into account whenever you are maybe adding something to your schedule or trying to figure out how to do something is making sure that you have whatever flexibility that you might need to make it work and not just say yes to everything. We have an acronym for that. The tire method. If you are new to the podcast, uh, this came up in one of like the, within the first 10 episodes and it, uh, lives on super strong and the tire method is, do you have the time for something? Do you, your intuition, what does your intuition say about this? What does your heart say about whatever is coming up in your schedule? Do you have the resources financially time, energy, well, not energy, cause that's the last one is energy, but like, do you have this space in your resources, the margin, if you will, uh, and then how is your energy with it? Do you have the energy to do that? And that can help, you know, whittle down things if you are juggling too many. Um, especially the intuition for me, that's my biggest indicator, uh, of whether or not I want to do things, but I need to start looking at my resources and time a little bit more, maybe energy as well, and not just say yes, because my heart wants to. Yeah. Using, I love, I love the idea of, of the tire method and the fact that intuition is built right in there, which is the thing that I think a lot of people skip over and forget, uh, that trusting your gut can be a really, really important piece of, of doing stuff, especially if it's not for a jobby job. Like if it's something where, you know, you're me and my podcast hosting duties, if I get, you know, an email or a call from a prospective client, like sometimes you just get that feeling or it's like, Oh, this person is going to be a handful. Yes. And then when you get to the resources and energy part of the tire method, you kind of be like, okay, my intuition tells me that I'm going to need a lot more resources and I have a lot more energy if I actually want to deal with this person. And, you know, then, then it comes down to like, okay, where, where could this fall on my priority list? So for example, like when Kathy said, Hey, would you like to, to be a guest host on conduit? Obviously my heart said yes immediately. And I didn't even think about the tire method, but had I done that, I would have, I would have thought about how much time do I have banked at work or, you know, could I take a personal day? Do I have, do I have space for this? And like, where does this fall on my priority list? Like if let's, let's make up a mythical podcast and say that some terrible podcast was really awful. I don't know, crypto bros or something like that invited me. There has got to be a podcast called crypto bros. That probably is. That has to exist. So crypto bros, if they invited me to, to guest host their podcast, obviously my intuition is going to be like thumbs down. But I would, I would think about it and be like, okay, do I have the time and the, the, the resources and stuff for this, but do I actually want to take, to use up some of those resources, those hours that I have banked, are I finite resource? Do I want to use some of those in order to talk about Bitcoin? Is that still a thing? I don't even know. I don't know anymore. Those fake, those fake coins and weird frog pictures. Like, do I want to spend time that I could be talking to Kathy Campbell, talking about that stuff? No, of course I don't. So, but I mean, even if it's something that's just sort of more middle of the road, where does it become, where's the threshold for something to be worth taking time out of my, my jobby job day, which, you know, at the end of the day, that's most of the time, the one that's going to have the, the, the highest priority because I like to eat food and have a roof over my head and, and all of that kind of stuff. Yeah. And hot water showers. It's for my heart. Podcasting is for my heart. It, you know, pads the pocketbook a little bit extra, but it's, it's not paying the bills. Well, it is for Steven, but not for me. It's paying some bills. Like, yeah. And that's, that's when you hit that balance too is especially in the world that we live in now, more money is usually always needed slash wanted. And it's, it's just getting worse and worse every year. And so when you can find something that is a heart project and is that passion project and gives you so much joy that can also put some money in your bank account and help something else. It's really hard to say no. Yep. And it can be, it can be a lot. And, and yet I find I don't have as much guilt if I'm doing something that also makes my heart happy and brings money. Even if my time probably is yelling at me saying, you should not be doing this. Do you have any, do you have any tips or tricks or I'm not going to even use those words, tips and tricks. Do you have any things that you do ahead of time to sort of like lay the runway for, you know, scheduling issues, that sort of thing before they even come up, like with me, like banking time ahead of time. Do you have anything that you do amongst all of your juggling and plate spinning just to make sure that you've got runway to do something else later on if you need to at the last minute? I think the biggest thing for me is I have a lot of like chunks in my calendar that are task based. This is, you know, that's not where my task list is. I don't, you know, live off of that. But for example, every month I have to do send invoices for both clients and myself. I make sure that I have an hour on the day that I need to send invoices booked out in my calendar. This reminds me, oh, hey, don't schedule something all day because you're going to have to do the invoicing. Now the time doesn't really matter. I always have everything start at 9am. If it's like a do it someday task, like sometime today. But by having it live in my calendar, it kind of makes me remember that it's a thing, that it's an important thing that I have to take time for on that particular day. That's smart. And that way I don't forget that it's invoicing day because I definitely would have. I've started doing something like that too. The Google calendar used to have reminders. Now all the reminders have changed to tasks. I don't care what they're called. I've started doing that for certain things too, like washing the sheets. I want to make sure that I remember to wash the sheets every so often. So I put in, it's not necessarily on a specific day. I just threw it in there, wash the sheets, it's your task. And then when it pops up, I wash the sheets. And then instead of deleting and remarking and it's done, I just reschedule it. And so it's just the same task that just keeps moving out and out and out. Originally it was on the first and 15th of every month. And let me tell you, that didn't happen. Sometimes the first was a really busy day and I was playing Total Party Kill Dungeons and Dragons all night and there's no time for sheet washing. And then it would be like a week later and then suddenly like, oh, it just got really confusing. So now it's like, nope, I'm just rescheduling the same dang thing over and over again for a certain amount of days out from where I am. So I can just keep doing it. That's amazing. And this is not a task that anybody would put in a book. This is not a suggestion. Even a blog post, because it's not something that will work for most people or people will look at it and be like, well, that's kind of weird. I'm not going to try that. It's also not very sexy. There's nothing sexy about rescheduling a calendar event. And yet it works for my brain. And that is what is important because whatever you do, it needs to work for you. Ooh, that sounds, that rhymed. Look at you. I want that bumper sticker and a business card. All right. I'm writing that down. What did I say? Whatever you do, it works for you. I think it was that too bad. This isn't being recorded or anything. I know. Do has to work for you. There you go. Okay. Yep. We're getting that. I love it. On something. Just tattoo it to my forehead. Right. But backwards so that you can read it in the mirror. Obviously. 100%. Yeah. I think you made a really good point about the fact that even if you have a jobby job, there's lots of juggling going to happen. Even if you don't have a second job or passion project or whatever, you're going to have food that has to be eaten. Please eat. Yeah. And hydrate. Such a hassle. I want my future where I can just eat. There's a little cube of food and I pop it in and I'm good for the day. Where is that future? Right. Please. I'd rather have that than a flying car any day. Oh my gosh. Absa freaking luli. Have you seen people drive on the road? Can you imagine adding a third dimension to driving? No, thank you. No, no, I do not want that. Food in just like an easy access. Yes. Make it so I don't have to cook anything. Please. Please. God, please. Yeah. But you also have family. You have personal development, whatever that looks like for you. Hobbies. Please have fun. Exercise if your day job is not getting you that. Yep. You got to make sure you move your body, move your mind to whatever extent that happens to be for you and your body. Yep. Again, whatever you do has to work for you and has to work for your body and work for your mind and work for your system. I like this phrase. I think this is a tagline for the show maybe. I'm loving it. Like whatever you do has to work for you. Thanks for building that in. It was your energy that brought this to my life. Sure, I'll take credit for that. Yep. Even though you said it. Yes, but you, I would not have said it if it wasn't for you. So I am a great sounding board. Yes, it's true. It's true. You were absolutely fantastic earlier this year when I had to hire slash for volunteer, like basically not much pay, but still I want to throw a little money at people. I've now hired five people. Whoa. For the social media team because all of them were like, you don't have to pay me at all. I was like, okay, but I still want to. So let's break up the job and the budget for it into smaller chunks. So there's also a balance. So they're all over the world. So we have a wide variety of, oh my gosh, time zones. Time zones is the word. Yep. Yep. Definitely did not forget that very important word. A variety of different time zones, which means there's availability across everything. And then each of them have specific areas that they're concentrating on because we have so many like subtasks in this whole social media. It's not just posting on Twitter and Instagram and that sort of thing. We have newsletters and blog posts and that sort of stuff that's included in it. And it just made sense, but also I couldn't pick between them. There's so many good people. That seems like such a genius way to handle it too, because then you are talking about juggling, you're building redundancy into the system. It's not resting all on one person. So this isn't actually, that's not juggling. It's balancing. It's balancing the tasks across a bunch of people that just, yeah, wow, what a great outcome. I'm very happy to hear that. Thank you. And thank you for your assistance in figuring out how to say, hey, can you give me a sample writing thing without doing work that I'm not paying you for? Because I respect everyone's time and effort and energy and intuition and all of the tire method pieces, and I don't want to work for free, but I also could not pay for spec work from 20 people. That's just not, unfortunately for this nonprofit thing, it's not. That's life. Yeah, that's life. Yeah. So it was super helpful. And I had several people comment on, with appreciation of the task. So thank you for that support. I am always happy to be here to support you as long as I have time, intuition, resources and energy. Yes. So make sure you say no. That is okay. It is absolutely okay to say no. Yes. I mean, honestly, for beloved people like you, Kathy, I tend to not say no, but sometimes I have to say later. Yes. Yeah. And I think that's important to learn what might be a later, or not right now, or can it wait or, hey, I have some time in the future type of a situation. I think that's, it's also not, I'm not suggesting that you should test your friends because that seems really shitty. Oh my gosh. Really bad. Not shitty. Oh gosh. I said it twice. Just glad it wasn't me. I appreciate you so much. It seems really awful to like test your friends and yet if you have somebody that doesn't take no for an answer, I have some friends that, you know, are going on first dates. And one of the suggestions that they had seen going around on TikTok or whatever is if you are like scheduling a date or something, don't automatically just agree to everything that, yeah, it sounds great. See if you can make an adjustment on something simple, you know, the time or location or something to see how the other person reacts as a way to manage, like to figure out how they, in a very low stakes way, how this other person might handle, not rejection is a little harsh, but like, you know, boundaries. And that's actually a tip. I agree testing your friends that way is not necessarily a smart thing, but maybe testing like prospective clients or something like that. And also, I mean, sometimes it ends up being a test for one of your quote unquote friends when you didn't mean it to be, when you do need a change or something to be different. And if that person who you thought was your friend, maybe I'm speaking from experience here, came back and was just totally non-sympathetic and put up a fuss about something really, really minor and continued to do that over and over again. Maybe friend is not the right word for that person. Quotation marks around that acquaintance. Yeah. Yeah. Again, not as a test, but as a like not for friends, but yeah, good, a good test for, you know, more professional levels or like finding like a pre-test for friends. Like, yes, I like this energy that you're giving me. You know, I think we could be friends, but let's see how you react to me not giving you, you know, a hundred percent of my attention and see how that works. Okay. But you, I would give a hundred percent of my attention to you. Oh, any day. Right back at you. Yay. Oh, goodness. All right. Well, I think that, is there anything else you wanted to say about juggling or balancing? I mean, we could probably keep talking about it for as long as the day. We can stay alive. Yeah. No, I think we've, I think we've hit the high points and some of the low points and it wouldn't be juggling if it wasn't the high point and the low point. It's true. Things wouldn't be going up and down. Yep. Yep. The balls gotta go in a circle or an oval, I guess. Not really a circle. I'm not a juggler. Yeah. I mean, I think there are multiple juggling shapes. I watched the Muppet Show episode with Steve Martin yesterday and he did some juggling. It was delightful, except it was also one of those episodes that had the Disney Channel warning at the beginning being like, please remember this happened a long time ago. There are some things in it that don't age well. And that was true. So, okay. So maybe I'll just watch the juggling. Yeah. Amazing. Well, let's start talking about our connections for the next Fortnite. Erica, what is your connection? I am picking it right now. Welcome to the show I've been like. Where we pick our connection at the very end. Yep. I find it interesting and I find that the, all of our wonderful conductors fall in different sort of places on the spectrum between the two things that I'm always thinking about. Do I want to pick a connection that is like measurable with a metric? Do I want to say like the one time I said I want to organize one drawer and I failed? Or do I want it to be something more fuzzy like my last one, which was getting in contact with the, following up with the personal trainer to make sure that, you know, that's, you know, yes, I sent her a text message. So that kind of counts, but that's fuzzy. And I know every, every Fortnite, I'm like, hmm, which way do I go? Which way do I go? So I think, I think this time I'm going to stay fuzzy because I think that's a little bit easier for me to, to feel good about it. Yes. When I don't hit it quite as hard as I want to. So I'm going to, I'm going to stick with the same, sort of the same route that I've been on is my, my personal trainer who has experience working with people with chronic illnesses and I'm going to go to that appointment, assuming nothing goes wrong and it has to be rescheduled and actually do the program. Let's, let's, you know what, I'm going to give myself a metric too. I'm going to say I'm actually going to do the program at least once. Yes. Perfect. Which is less than probably I will be able to in a whole week, but once that's, that's my connection. Yeah. I think it's important to be able to have the, the two types of options, the, you know, very metric based yes or no type of a, a question for the, for the Fortnite and then having something sort of fuzzy. And it's, it's good to know that there are those two options and you don't have to pick the same one every time. Like it's okay if you're having like an off week Fortnite or you had a really rough two weeks, having something as simple as I want to sleep. Basic. That's great. Everyone should do it. And yet there it's totally valid and acceptable to have a simple connection. One that you really, really know that your heart needs, needs to do. And you need that, that kind of reminder from the connection of taking care of yourself. And then there's sometimes that you're like, okay, I know I need to get something done. And if I don't get it done, things are going to fall apart. And so having that type of a connection can be good for some Fortnites, which is going to kind of be mine. I need to clean up my cables on my computer. I have now, so I have a little bench that goes under my desk that I can put my feet up on. And I have now knocked off things because my feet get tangled in my cables more than once. Oh dear. Yeah. It's real bad. I wish I lived closer. For my birthday, I got a brother label maker and I used it to label all of the cables behind the TV and the gaming systems. Amazing. I want to come to your house and I want to label all of your cables for you. Please do it. I wish you could too. And then tie them in bundles and get them out of the way of your feetsies. I know. I have washi tape that I do, which is helpful, but I haven't done it in a long time. And I've updated and changed things. So yeah, it's time. It's time to visit. Every time you get something new, you have to start all over. I know. But the good part is, is I have time. So next, not this coming weekend, but the weekend after is of course the weekend of Halloween, which means all sorts of things going on with the local town and the studio and all of that. So this weekend though, with just a tea party on Saturday, that's the only thing scheduled. So I'm going to do my cables then hopefully. And also play some Assassin's Creed Mirage. I love this plan. I love it. I love it on multiple levels. Yay. If Erica approves, then my heart is happy. Erica approved. Ding. Ding. Excellent. All right. Our nameless of the show has a new connection and they say, rethink my system. I've realized that I've fallen into a routine and I want to break free from it in order to effectively manage my time and tackle all my tasks. My aim is to do so while incorporating my preferred analog and digital tools in a way that feels natural. Yes. Find that ease of use will help the system work better. And now instead of in sync, I have Queen stuck in my head. You're welcome. Our soprano of the show, Devo, next connection, tidy the guest bedroom and guest bathroom in preparation for my parents' visit. Wow. That's one of those things that it's like, yeah, you kind of need to get that done otherwise there's going to be not necessarily consequences, but consequences. Yeah. Yeah. It won't be, no one will be happy. All right. Ponderers are the last of the file of the show, new connection. I used to have a two desk setup with lots of space for paper, notebooks, craft and art supplies, knickknacks, et cetera. I now have a single desk and the same amount of stuff. It's going to take a combination of clever, organizing and significant calling. But my goal for the next conduit is to have a clean desk. I wish you so much luck. Our shark of the show says my connection for the next time is to check my bag to see if I am hauling around stuff that I am not using and things that are just weighing me down literally. Oh, I feel this every time I do a deep dive into like my giant bag that I carry around with me. It's like, why do I have this here? So yeah, I salute you. Yes. Our fish bear of the show, fishy Kai and new connection. I'm in the middle of a vacation. So relax. Absolutely. Relax. Don't do it. We're just going through the top 40 billboard charts of the last, I'm not going to say how many decades. Way too many decades. Our tire advocate of the show, new connection. I'm traveling for work next week. I'd like to make good use of the opportunity and spend quality time with at least three people that I work with, but haven't yet met in person. I love this. I love this so much. That's a, that's a really good, a really good connection that is both measurable and a little bit fuzzy because spending quality time can mean whatever you want. Yes, exactly. I was totally thinking the same thing. Our Panda of the show, James new connection. I don't think I'm done with the whole relaxing thing just yet. I have to sort out birthday. I know, right? Yes. James needs to sort out birthday presents for a few people and do some podcast homework, but I'm not going to set any big goals. This is James time. Absolutely James. Yep. Good work. My birthday is not until June, just FYI. Yeah. Mine's not until March, but I think he's like doing the prep work, like the prep work. This is, this is that part of the juggling where you're like laying the runway for something that's very important coming in a number of months. It's true. That's true. All right. Train enthusiast of the show, how it works, a new connection, continue progressing and keep on top of the little things. In the meantime, try to keep learning somehow. Maybe that's Duolingo or learning some cool tech like Terraform. Ooh, I like that. But constant learning, continuous learning, always a good thing. Yes. Host of the show, Jay, I have another big, big conference coming up that I need to do more preparation for. Let's get the ball rolling. Absolutely. You can do it. And our Oracle of the show, Soph, next connection, actually work on the journal article that doesn't have the deadline, so I might never do it, but do it. Yes. Soph, you can do it. Absolutely. If you would like to submit a connection, you can do so in the relay discord in the hashtag show follow up channel by starting your message with the conduit emoji and putting your connection after. You can also submit feedback by clicking the link in the show notes or using the submit feedback button at relay.fm conduit, which is a great way to send your connection if you are not in the discord. However, if you want to be in the discord, visit I am a superconductor.com to become a member today of the conduit show to get access to pre and post show banter, an ad free episode and a co-working session in the off weeks with myself and Jay. Erica, what are we doing in the post show today? Well, for those of you who aren't aware, one of the podcasts that I host in my podcast job life is called random pursuit and it is a game show on the incomparable network where I own 30 some editions of trivial pursuit and I take cards from every edition and a few others and shuffle them together and ask a bunch of poor saps questions from all of those and see who can answer them the best. There was an episode I meant to look up the episode number that Kathy and Jay were both on and I totally forgot to do it, but we can put it in the show notes. And yeah, it's a fun show and Kathy and Jay were amazing guests and I want to have them back again. But yeah, I have grabbed a bunch of my random pursuit card stacks and brought them over here. So in the post show, Kathy and I will be probably mostly laughing at how hard these questions are because the reason I host a trivia show and don't always play on a trivia show because I am not the greatest at knowing trivia. I'm just really good at asking questions and reading cards. It's true. You were very good at that. I also am not good at trivia, but I like to have fun and I like to make sure that the rest of my podcast, you know, people have somebody that they can beat. So, you know, I said that. It's really low. So lastly, check out uconnwearit.com for some great conduit merch. Thank you so much for listening. Thank you, Erica, for joining me on this episode. It made my heart so happy and this was just a great conversation. It was really like, there are, you know, sometimes you listen to a podcast and you're like, oh man, I would love to be on this podcast. And that doesn't happen for every podcast for me. But this one I totally did. So when you asked, I was like, yes, please have me on. Thank you. Thank you, Kathy. You've made my heart happy. Yay. All right. Thank you everyone and have a great day.