---
description: Kathy and Jay are feeling the burn(out) well maybe the steps before the
  burnout. We've taken blowtorches to our candles and now we're telling you the warning
  signs we see that this next season might be a little tough.
pub_date: November 2nd, 2023
title: "61: The Conduit Burnout Candle \U0001F56F️"
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/61
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show we condue our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that will never give you up, will never let you down. This episode is brought to you by Micro.blog. I'm Jay, I'm back, it's been great. And with me is the person that ain't ever left, except for those other few times where she actually did leave, the one Kathy Campbell. Hey, Kathy. Hi, Jay, I missed you. I had a lot of fun, but I also had a lot of, it wasn't fear of missing out, but fear of being left out, I guess, of the fantastic conversations that you had. And I am glad to be back, even if I'm getting on a plane again in a week, but it shouldn't involve, it shouldn't interfere with our regularly scheduled programming. So we should be good. Excellent. Excellent. Speaking of regularly scheduled things, Kathy, what happened in our regularly scheduled daily time in the Discord? So this past week has been all Halloween, all the time. As we are recording this, it is October 31st, because we record two days ahead of the day that it goes out. And we've got all sorts of chaos and japs going on in the Discord, which is, in my opinion, the best way to celebrate any holiday is with other friends and nerds. And our server banner is hilarious because Stephen, co-founder Stephen, went in and it's a thing. It's a choice that was made, including using the Word Art Generator on the internet. And yeah, it's beautiful. But if you're not a member of the Discord, you can't see it. And I'm sorry and sad, but maybe next time. And in our also scheduled, this is actually a more regularly scheduled thing, our co-working session that we do in the off weeks, we and our superconductor friends talked about some new things that I bought while I was away. One of them in particular being the Meta-Sil, which is a metal pencil with metal lead that writes and erases like a regular pencil. We also talked about the conversion between 10 miles or 10,000 kilometers. That is inaccurate, but you know, totally the same thing. Totally the same thing. I don't know if you can hear this. Probably not. But I have my Meta-Sil pencil with me right now. I was going to ask. It showed up yesterday. What do you think so far? I really like it. It's got a really solid tip. I got one for Mini Soup as well and they were so excited. It's pink, of course. And I've added it into my daily planning stuff, which is a whole different conversation for our systems check that's going to happen next week. Our next episode. I mean, not next week. But yeah, it's a happy end of October. I do appreciate the smoothness of it. It's firm but smooth, which is so nice. It's not scratchy, which is really nice. And it erases really easily even through highlighter, which is nice. I'm very pleased. I'm very pleased. Don't worry. There will be a link in the show notes to the option, the location that I got it, but it will also help you spell it correctly, which will then allow you to do a search in Amazon or your favorite pencil place of choice. I don't know. Yeah. Just do a Google search and you'll find it. Yep. And if all that conversation sounds like fun or if you have better self-control than we do where you can hear people talk about fun things that they got and not immediately want to rush out and buy them for yourself, you should join us in our next co-working session. We do them in the off weeks. So whenever there is a conduit, there's a fun little conversation we're having with our friends. And you can join us by becoming a superconductor. That's what we call the people that give us money because we think they're super and they think they're conductors because they are. But if you want to learn more about that, visit letter I, letter M, letter A, superconductor.com and become a member today. I'm a superconductor.com. Don't spell the word letter out. That would be a problem. Oh, that would be weird. Yeah. But it is letter I, letter M, letter A, superconductor.com and become a member today. Hey, hey, Kathy. Hey, Kathy. Hey, hey, Jay. I know how much you love shouting. So why don't you give some shout outs? Wow. Does that say something about me as a person that I get angry? Is that what you're implying? I'm really confused. But either way, huge shout out to Erica for being such an incredible guest host. Erica, how dare you be so amazing? Right. She just, I mean, came in like the professional that she is, but brought such wonderful energy. And we have been so lucky with all of our guest hosts on this show. As much as I love our relationship, it's nice to add a little bit of extra, extra little zing when I can't have my Jay. I'm not touching that topic. Yeah. Yeah. Good idea. But yeah, what about you? What do you have to shout about? So I wanted to shout all of my shout outs. However, the media training and how to use a microphone just refuses to let me. So I'm going to say it in the most stern voice possible. Shout out to Roboism and Overtired for being amazing shows and letting me join them for their regularly scheduled programming. Both of the episodes are out now. As always, Overtired does talk about mental health and things and also language. So if you're sensitive to those things, maybe you don't listen or you don't listen in the car with your kids. But how dare you not have already listened to it? I'm angry. I'm just kidding. I can't even do an angry shout out, right? But you know, shout out to Alex for inviting me to be on Roboism while Kathy was away. And then to Brett Terpstra and Christina Warren for guesting on Overtired and maybe teasing a new cohort. No, we're not starting. We're not perpetuating the myth that I am replacing anybody on that show. I cannot do that. I am physically incapable of producing at that quality on such a regular basis. Yeah. Good, because I'd hate for you to leave me for real. I mean, just because I would go and do another show, does it mean I have to give up one? Although that is what happened last time. Yeah. Yeah. Enough about that. It's time for connection checks. Zap! Ah, Kathy, you had to redo some cables. I did. It was real bad. But I did it. I did it on Sunday. So not even like last minute. I've got a big green checkmark for me because it's done. I can put my feet up without getting them tangled in cables. I also, so I had purchased an external hub just for power because I have my MagSafe charger and my Apple Watch charger that don't need to be connected to the computer. They just need power. So I went through, I did that. I also moved over my ring light to be powered in that. So all to all, all to all. I don't know. All in all? All in all. There we go. All in all, feeling real good. I also did clean my desk or at least three quarters of it. So feeling really great about that. Nice. What about you? So I'm trying to, I had to do computer stuff, folks, and now my computer's all in a tizzy. I'm trying to add the emoji on and my brain is used to doing it one way and it's not working right now. I had a green checkmark. I wanted to do a green checkmark followed by an orange circle. So in the time that I was gone, I had, I've given two conference talks and I have one more to go. The two that I gave went really well and the connection check that I had was for the one that I just gave last week. It was called Python versus Hip Hop. It is one that I am absolutely, I was so excited to give. It went very, very well. And I got a lot of good compliments. I have people that are asking me to present it at another conference as well. Like all the good things happened. And now I have arguably the biggest presentation of my career coming up next week. And it's actually like an open discussion style thing, which has me a little uneasy. I don't like, worst case scenario, I just do a bad job. Best case scenario, I knock it out the park and everybody thinks I'm super awesome. It's not even a jar situation here. It's more of a, this is a new format for everyone. The conference that's doing this has never done this before. They don't know what the turnout's going to be. And the way that they've had us prepare for this is in a more traditional sense, as if I were talking just at the audience and they really want to encourage me to have open discussion with the audience in a very comfortable setting, which is very different levels of preparation. Also a level of social interaction that normally isn't invited into my talks that I have to be open to. So like, there's no level of like, is the talks prepared? Yes. Is there mental preparation that could be done? I genuinely don't know. Which is why I wanted to do a green check of that I did do all the stuff. I did the stuff that I said I would. But also like, I genuinely don't know how to successfully do this thing. Okay. Well, I mean, it sounds to me that you did it. So I don't know what to tell you. I think you should go with your heart and you have the check mark. And you should not worry about trying to figure out how to do an orange circle emoji, even though you did. But we're going to pretend that you didn't and just leave it there. So what you're saying is I should listen to my heart? Yes. I don't know the rest of the lyrics. Sorry. That's all I had. What about our conductors? Our conductors did amazing this fortnight. Our nameless of the show Nameless has a red pushpin. Although I attempted to find new ways to accomplish my work, I often felt overwhelmed and ended up returning to my usual routine. Perhaps this means that I've already discovered my ideal system and simply need to expand upon it. Or maybe I chose the wrong conduit for restructuring. Nonetheless, I will continue to work on this. But for now, it is a red pin. I don't know. In my opinion, it sounds like it's kind of at least a yellow because you learned something new. And to me, that is the most important part about these connections. Yeah, the more you know. I forgot how this show works. Our identical twin of the show, Aaron, says connection check, green check mark. I had a lovely time off and things went mostly smooth despite not having any firewood for the first night. But hiking in the fall colors made it all worthwhile. I was going to say something about do you really need a fire? But then also it's going to be 40 degrees tonight at where I'm at. So like very well. I understand. And I'm glad that you had some good time off. I wish we had a fireplace. You're going to say I wish we had time off. I mean, you know, the Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica, says connection check red question mark for my trainer who never sent me my program. But green check mark for me because I emailed them twice to follow up and kept up with yoga in the meantime. Heck, yeah, that's a double green check mark in my brain. I have to I can't wait to see Erica again to forget to talk about this. But my wife is having a similar issue where like having to reach out to someone every single day for them to do the thing that they said that they were going to do. Oh, yeah. Art the Lassophile of the show ponders says connection check red X. My desk is not clean. That's OK. Neither is mine. So it's a mess. I'm a mess. We're all mess. Hey, our soprano of the show, Debo says connection check green circle or green heart. Wow. I know my shapes. I do. That's a green heart. This is the most important thing for me. This is the best bedroom and bathroom ready for my parents visit, which was successful. Hooray! Our shark of the show, one pair of shoes, says my connection was to check my brain. Check work bag to see if Holliwood OK, I'm going to try to try to speak on behalf of one pair of shoes here. my work bag. Nope, couldn't do it either. My connection was to check my work bag to see if I am hauling around stuff that I'm not using that are just weighing me down. Perfect. Okay. Green check mark. I think I took about three pounds of unneeded stuff out, including a power brick for a work computer that I turned in last summer. Definitely don't need that. Yeah, no, but good job. Good job. Three pounds does make a significant difference if you're carrying it around all the time. Yes. Our tire advocate of the show, Chintas says connection check, a green check mark. I overachieved and managed to have good conversations with four people. I'm aiming for three that I met in person for the first time last week. Congratulations. That's amazing. Do I even know four people? Like in person? Oh, that I don't know. I do because I know way too many people, local people. Oh, okay. So I preface this with I have a new microphone. I don't know how it's going to sound. Our mountain dweller of the show, Logan says green check mark. We consider our idea and still like it, but life got hectic. So it got no further. That's okay. That's that's okay. Our panda of the show, James says connection green check mark. Relaxation has been mostly successful. All my software has been released with no major disasters as of yet. So I've mostly been seeing people in person reading some fun books and playing games, 324 hours in starfield and counting. I can thoroughly thoroughly recommend taking a break if you can. James, James, I need you to explain starfield to me. Is there a way that we can we can talk about star? I have starfield. I haven't opened the game yet. I don't know why not. I just haven't opened it yet. But yeah, maybe you can help me with that and I can get my first hour in starfield and then begin the counting. And our fish bear of the show, Fishy Kai says Greenheart, we as a family relaxed. It's amazing what a few solid nights sleep will do. I haven't had a few solid nights sleep in how old is my daughter? Yeah, that that long. It's been years. This episode of conduit is brought to you by Micro.blog. Blogging is still the easiest way to share stuff on the web and Micro.blog is the easiest way to blog. Personal blogging is making a comeback thanks to all the disruption in social media. So if you have always wanted to build your own place on the internet to keep and share the stuff you love, Micro.blog is for you. Micro.blog is this blog you will actually use because we've made it so easy to write short or long blog posts, share photos, keep a log of the books you read and even create your own podcast. But more than a place to post your stuff. It's also a friendly community of people with a wide range of interests who share and comment via Micro.blog social timeline, which is managed by humans, not bots. It's the social network you can feel good about. And because Micro.blog is open, you can use your own domain name, cross post to Twitter or X Tumblr and mastodon. You can also follow and be followed by mastodon users directly with conversations threading across both Micro.blog and mastodon. And finally, you can share your RSS feed so anyone can follow you. Micro.blog hosting starts at $5 per month. Head to Micro.blog and sign up for the 30 day free trial. Use the coupon code RELAY and you'll get a special deal. With your standard subscription, you'll get a premium account at no extra charge. That's $5 a month for hosting. That includes all our premium features, including podcast hosting. That's a savings of 50%. Micro.blog and the code RELAY. Our thanks to Micro.blog for their support of this show and all of Relay FM. And because I forgot what we do, at the end of every ad read, I usually say thank you in a different language. And because my computer is a hot mess right now, and I'm just going to go with one I know and that I'm practicing, which is Portuguese, and that is obrigado. Kathy, Kathy, Kathy, Kathy, Kathy. Is it just me or do you smell something burning? Oh wait, no, that's a warning sign. Oh dear. So I tried to segue into talking about the warning signs of burnout while I also just gave a minor PSA about the warning signs of having a stroke. Yeah. So take that and just store that in the knowledge centers of your brain, which I guess are all of them. But yeah, I love the topic point one, why is burnout bad? And I'm like, wait, are we actually asking this? Listen, no, this is like, I just want, okay, the reason I put this as a topic moat point here is because there's some people that aren't aware of what burnout actually is and why it can affect the larger concern, shall we say. Not just why it's bad, because obviously people know that it's bad, but why it's important to try and catch it early. How about that? Yeah. And psychology today, for those that don't know, defines burnout as a state of emotional, mental, and often physical exhaustion brought on by prolonged or repeated stress. Though it's most often caused by problems at work, it can also appear in other areas of life, such as parenting, caretaking, or romantic relationships. So that being said, this is interesting, Kathy, because the conference that I spoke at last week, the talk, one of the talks that came right after mine was dealing with burnout. And this is a thing that people know that they're experiencing, but they often are like the other person in the Deadpool movie where they're like, hey, you're kind of wondering how I got here. Yeah. And what I've, we both came up with this topic, which is probably an indicator of something that should be addressed somewhere. No, I'm sure it's fine. I'm sure it's fine. We both want to talk about burnout today. I've started noticing, and this started happening a few years ago, where I started keeping record of all the things that often indicate burnout for me. And I was wondering, Kathy, do you do the same thing? Like, do you know, do you see the early warning signs that maybe burnout is on the way? I am trying to become more self-aware of where my mental health is. And part of that includes being aware of burnout. Like Laura says in the Discord live chat, this is a big topic in the medical world. And I can absolutely see that. It shouldn't have taken a worldwide pandemic to get burnout for the medical industry to kind of pay attention to burnout, but I know it's there. And so I, my problem is my, you know, so the end of November is Ryan's stroke-aversary, as we call it. And it will be 13 years since the stroke came and like completely changed our life. And so in that time, a lot of it has been kind of a consistent state of burnout, of like pre-burnout, of like a trauma response, being ready to make adjustments and be very agile in like my day-to-day state of things, which is exhausting. And over the past few years, things have been so much more stable that I'm able to recognize maybe when things are getting to the point where I need to take a little bit more of a break on things, when I'm grumpier, when I'm like very by the like reactive in a somewhat angry way, or if I have a lot of like mental frustration where I don't want to deal with anything, or I'm like a F it type mindset. And I'd like to figure out the signs before it gets that bad. And part of that is I'm trying to do my self-care things, not just, you know, face masks and baths, but like my morning journaling and brain dumping and like getting things processed and out of my head so that I can see it on the page, on a page, and realize that, okay, this is an indicator of there's too much going on, or something similar. And being able to, I think, kind of track those things. So what I'm kind of hoping to do is have like a maybe like an energy tracker or something to see how I'm feeling at the end of the day. A lot of my like work prep stuff happens at the beginning of the day, which makes sense. But being able to kind of know how the day went is a little bit better. Yeah, I thought about this kind of in the terms of, you know, you hear this thing like, what is a burn out like in a car, which is just your tires are spinning, and you're just burning tread, and you're not going anywhere. Which is great, because we have an excellent metaphor that you heard a great acronym for tire, which is your time, your intuition, your resources and your energy. Pick up the stickers today at uconnwearit.com. But the feeling of like, I'm burning out like my tires are burning out, my time is disappearing. I'm not trusting myself. I feel like I don't have the resources that I used to have. And I just am drained of all energy. And I have gone nowhere. Like that is, that is like the definition of the mental state of burnout, and also the physical like, you have burned out all of your tire. And now it makes it harder for you to actually get traction in the future. Yeah, I also, I have like chronic burnout tendencies that are very unhealthy. I stopped cooking, I stopped eating. I start spending money via retail therapy. Mm hmm. I stopped communicating. And I start doubling and tripling down on personal projects. And let's just talk about what's happened in the last year. I've started an online community. I've continued a podcast. I have converted a podcast into a YouTube channel where I have, you know, been randomly interviewing people. I've spent hundreds of dollars on this equipment to do these things. And for literally no fiscal benefit whatsoever. I am doing my best work in the terms of community management and community like engagement, but at the cost of of doing nothing. Like at the cost of like looking at my job and just being like, I've been working on the same project for four months. And the last two months, I've really felt like there has been zero movement on it. I am, while I am showing up for work, I don't feel as if I am present. I've become very irritable publicly. I won't say aggressive or hostile, but like the things that I don't like at work, I am not as as tactful as I normally would be towards them. I would just say, this is dumb or this isn't going to work or why are we thinking about this or whose stupid idea was that only to figure out it was mine. So like all of these things have been happening. All of these things are present. And it's like, I am in an active state of burnout to the point where like at one point my boss was like, you know, you can take like time off. And I was like, yeah, you're right. I could. I'm not going to, but I could. You should. There's, and again, this is the lie that we tell ourselves. There's too much stuff to do. Yeah, I feel like this might be a conversation after the call, because here's the thing. If you are burnt out to the point where you are not able to do anything, then taking, even taking half a day, half a day is still taking time off and will not ruin other people's lives, which I know is a big mental issue. But more importantly, you will probably get more done after you come back from a break than if you didn't take a day off. Yeah. And I absolutely agree with the like, you have to take breaks. I think the problem that I run into with this is that we hit seasons and we're about to go into the slow season. So it's like, if I can just hold on, like, I know that, you know, when this comes out, it'll be November. We've got three weeks until, you know, let's celebrate by arguing with family members over politics and eating a lot of food that makes us sleepy and overweight. And then after that, like until like the middle of January, we're going to be like, oh, I'm going to be that healthy in January. There's nothing to do, like I can have that break. I can look at my balance. I can readjust and do the things necessary but until then, it's like everybody is asking for things, and it's not that I don't have the time, the intuition, the resources or It's that I can't get the ball moving. I can't get going. And what was interesting was this was a similar feeling that came up when I first got diagnosed with ADHD, was I was fighting burnout. And then I got to the point where I was so burned out that I knew exactly what to do step by step. But I couldn't do it. And I don't know why I couldn't do it, but I couldn't do it. And that's, again, the lie that I tell myself is that like, okay, you've got like three more weeks, three more weeks of just surviving, three weeks of just spinning the tires, and then you can relax for the next like two and a half months, work's gonna be slow. You've got a couple of projects that are gonna be very low impact that'll allow you to catch up. You can do this. But meanwhile, everything else is just like on fire. Except for all the stuff that I'm doing as a distraction. I've noticed that my productivity in those areas have peaked, but those don't pay the bills. No, but it's important. I think the hard part in this situation is that you know what you need to do. You know, you need to take a break. And yet the excuses that are given, like clearly you're taking a break because you're doing the stuff that, you know, like you said, the stuff that doesn't pay the bills, but does like make you happy. And if you did even a couple days of that to try and reset your brain, could you come back and not, cause my concern is the waiting until the slow season is gonna put you past the point of being able to recover in a healthy way. You're gonna be so desperate that by the time you finally caught up, it's gonna be time for the busy season again. Yeah. I genuinely think that taking time off to do the other things isn't recovery. It's- No. Yeah, it's like just pushing it off to the side and going like, okay, hey, this house is on fire. I will go to the apartment next door and while I watch the house continue to burn, I mean, I think the real solution is to do kind of what I'm doing and I'll, you know, talk about a little bit of some of the stuff that I'm doing. But first I wanna ask you like, what, you know, you have things that are causing burnout that can't be avoided, that can't be ignored. Like how are you getting around those things? By trying to make sure that, so the things that I can't say no to in my life, the burnout situation that comes from, you know, other things. I'm trying to find ways to communicate because communication is key. Trying to find ways to communicate to other people in my life that can support, but also trying desperately to feel like I'm not alone. I'm trying to find the times that I can try to do at least mini breaks. I mean, I finished Assassin's Creed Mirage. It's done. I beat it. I'm now going back to Valhalla to try and do that. It's not as fun as Mirage. I might like do Mirage again. I don't know. I don't know, but trying to find, you know, these moments where I'm not on my phone. I am like cross stitching or reading or playing video games. Like trying to do whatever my mind is telling me to do. That's what my brain wants to do to try and get like that, that kind of reset self. And by taking these mini breaks, it's allowing me to sustain further, if that makes sense, to push burnout out just a little bit more. So I'm not quite to that point, but it's definitely there. And so, you know, just, I'm also trying to like restructure my mornings to kind of be a little bit more selfish. And it's kind of working. Yeah, Laura says, keep the burnout to a candle instead of a bonfire. Exactly, exactly. Cause again, like you said, there's certain things that I can't say no to. That I cannot, cause when it's not work, it's more difficult to shut down, if that makes sense. Yeah. See, now I have to immediately go and check, like Cotton Bureau, our merch provider, to see if they have candles because of burnout candle. Yes. Maybe that'll be a t-shirt design. Yeah. It's like, keep it. Yeah. We'll make sure Laura, it'll be like, dash Laura. Like keeping my burnout to a candle. I love it. Maybe at least a sticker. Yeah, the burnout candle. We need burnout scented candles. Oh my gosh. We'll do the like campfire vibes. Yeah. Yeah. I like it. No, I think all of that makes sense. If you can't avoid it, you can't avoid it, but at least try to get everything else around it so that it, like that's less of, it's not stress added onto existing stress. It's just the stress that it is. The constant state of stress. Yeah. I'm trying a rather radically different approach that feels a little, I don't even know what the phrase is, a little aggressive. So I'm participating in No-Spend November where we spend $0.00 and zero cents on new things to add to the house that isn't like food and necessities. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So no frivolous spending. No, I saw this and immediately had to get it. Yeah. I kind of tried to do that in October and clearly failed miserably. As I came back with- I lasted the first half of the month. So like, that's pretty good. Yeah. My hope is that we can go throughout the month. This is actually probably smart because we still have holiday shopping and like we're having Thanksgiving at our house which means that there's a lot more food. Yeah. And no, luckily this show comes out after November has already started. So folks can't be like, ah, I gotta spend all my money before November starts. Right. But yeah, so No-Spend November is a part of that which I'm hoping will allow me to take inventory on some of the things that I currently have and appreciate them. Yeah. There's also the realm that is making sure my physical health is in as good of shape as it can be. I've been seeing a rheumatologist and a pulmonologist and my primary care physician. And then now I have to go see a orthopedic physician to check and I wanna make sure that one, my health is in, like I understand where my health is at. I have a good picture of it. And then I'm going to give myself the tough bleep, do it anyway treatment on self care, which is going outside. And this is gonna be my connection. So spoiler, I'm going to go outside. I'm going to walk. It does not matter how cold it is. I'm going to get fresh air. I'm going to, like, I'm going to do the things that, like, I know I don't, I hate the fact that they work. That doesn't change the fact that they work. So just do them. And if I don't wanna do them, again, tough bleep, just do them and then be on your merry way. And I'm hoping that by pushing myself in some of these, I guess, more aggressive ways, that will help me more than a new productivity app will, more than, you know, head space in the morning for five minutes, although I'm doing that too. And more than just wallowing in my own misery. Yeah. I think that's a great kind of reframing that can be really, really helpful, I hope. Oh, I'm just tired. Just tired. I don't know what else to say. Yeah, I don't know. It's so, the rest part is being, is difficult to like, having to, yeah, I need to, I need, I need, so last week I went to the co-working space and that was great because I was able to kind of concentrate on just myself for a bit. Every Tuesday I've been, when I drop mini soup off for dance class, I go to my favorite little bar and talk to my new bestie, Megan for two hours. We just sit, have a drink and hang out. And those are really like nice moments in my day. And I look forward to them. So I almost think I need to try and find like something every day that I can look forward to, to help it make, make it to where it's feeling, like there's a positive thing to look forward to almost. I, I don't know what that is. I don't know what it looks like. I don't know. Yeah, I don't know what it is, but I definitely, well, especially since I finished my video game. So I don't have that to look forward to. And I'm not really reading a book that I really am like passionate about. I'm still reading, but it's nothing that I'm like, oh my gosh, I gotta get, I wanna get to bed to read. And so like trying to find, find something to look forward to each day, I think will be really helpful. And yeah, in the, in the, in the live stream, they're talking about, finding small, nice moments in a sea of negativity is hard, but vital. Hmm. Well, I've already given away my connection. So what's, what's yours gonna be? I, I think I need to find, find something for each day to look forward to, something that's a little bit different. It doesn't have to be special. Or like, it doesn't have to be extravagant, but like I can have Wednesdays or ice cream for dinner days or something, something silly, but fun that I can then like keep it, have it be like, this is the day of the week that I do this to see if I can maybe have something that's a little bit more good to look forward to. I like it. What about our conductors? Yeah, our nameless of the show, nameless, says, next new connection, prioritize completing the unfinished projects around the house before the holiday season. My wife and I have several projects that we have left in a state of good enough, and it is important to us to finish them before the chaos of the holidays ensue. Additionally, we want to ensure that we have listed our major purchases in preparation for the upcoming sales events, such as Black Friday, or like sales November. Lastly, as my wife's birthday falls in December, I want to hide the purchases of her birthday and the Christmas gifts within the upcoming weeks so she doesn't have any clue as to what her gifts are. Ah, that's so exciting. So exciting. Good luck. Our identical twin of the show, Aaron says, new connection. We had some teams shuffle around at work, so I'm on a new team, and I wanna wrap up some ongoing things over the fortnight and come up with, come, and come to my new manager and teammates with some thought out plans for a couple of future projects we're looking at. I think that's great. I think that'll be super, super awesome. Our pathologist of the show, Laura, new connection, try very hard to not feel like I'm in crisis mode every day at work. Do one thing at a time and practice being okay with absolutely everything not getting done in a day will likely require many deep breathing exercises. Yeah, I feel you there, and I wish you the best of luck. And our Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica, says, start my new job on Monday, congratulations, and be extra gentle with myself all week, leading up to and following my first day. Why do the easiest sounding tasks often end up being the hardest to do? I mean, you're not wrong, but you can do it. Yeah, heck yes. I'm breaking things, it's fine. Our artist of the show, Carly, new connection, I want to build up my portfolio so I can improve my odds of getting a job. I want to find a person to build a website for, and I need to post on social media offering my services or somewhere like a private forum. Sounds to me like you need to visit our self-promotion channel in the Discord, Carly. I know you're a member, so you can go hang out there and see if you can find someone to help. And our Thalassa file of the show, Ponder's, says, clean my desk, I should probably do that too. Next time. Our soprano of the show, Debo, says, next connection, do some more clothes sorting, at least one drawer, bag, or pile. You can do it. And our shark of the show, One Pair Shoes, says, next time, figure out my work goals for next year. That's a lot of goals. I suggest breaking them up into conduits. And these sorts of tasks have always been challenging for me. Planning for a year is definitely a challenge. One, you can do it. Two, if you can't conduit, try breaking up those challenges into maybe some smaller batches. But I think that you can do it. If you think that you can do it, I think that you can do it. Oh my God, sorry. Whew, sorry, I'm here. The big yawn of the show, Kathy. Just big yawn, big yawn of the show. Our tire advocate of the show, Tintas, next connection. My manager has unexpectedly had to take an indeterminate amount of time off work. I need to spend some time working out with others on the team what they were doing and how we're going to cover everything. Oh goodness, you conduit. Yes, hoping for the best for you on that one. Our mountain dweller of the show, Logang, says, next connection. I'll hop on the no-spend November bandwagon. Well, okay. I feel like Logang and I, I feel like I am Logang, but I don't realize that I am Logang. Logang, I'm gonna need you to show up to a coworking session just to prove that you're not me. Yeah, I've never seen the two of you in the same space. There will be Spider-Man pointing. Our panda of the show, James, says, new connection. I need to get back to doing some work with my apps for the Apple Vision Pro. No, I don't have one, I promise, but I'm not going to overdo it. Good, or sorry, I'm going to not overdo it is how he put it. Like, I'm going to overdo it. Our fish bearer of the show, Fishy Guy, says, we demolished our freezer meals the last couple of weeks, so it's time to restock. There you go, I like it, that sounds great. Our trade enthusiast of the show, Railsy, is a little bit behind because there was the one week crossover of time change, but that's okay because he's here now. And the new connection for him, keep on trucking, create a schedule using a calendar, and every appointment must be on it. Keep using Duo and keep on pushing on the current projects. Duo, why does that sound familiar? Duo-lingo, I think. Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, I broke 100 days on my streak. Yeah, my Portuguese, that's okay. And we have a new connection from a new person who does not have a name of the show yet, but they have assured us that they will be thinking about it for the next time. So we're just going to call them Justin. Yep, good one. But for that, they want to prioritize more branding and revisiting the productivity workflow. Life's been a roller coaster as of late, and they've considered themselves a productivity nerd, always organizing tasks, which turns out to be how they inadvertently managed their ADHD. Hey, we can relate. Literally being diagnosed as we speak. Ooh, so back to the grind of taking baby steps to get my mind in check. Oh, that's a lot. That's a lot. Huh, okay. Yeah. I congratulate you in the process of learning more about yourself, how you've managed to manage yourself for a long time. And I sincerely hope that just to be someone somewhat realistic, I hope that this is your connection for more than just one conduit, because this is a lot. But getting the ball rolling and getting started is a great place, and we would love to have updates on what you've learned and how you get there. Definitely. And another new conductor sliding in just in the nick of time who has been listening to our backlog and hopped into the live show for the first time, Emma says, new connection, I'm going to sort through at least one big bag of clothes to donate. And at some point they will also have an of the show name, but that's okay. We are here to support our new conductors in however they need it. And if you would like to submit a connection, you can do so in the relay discord in the hashtag show follow up channel by starting your message with the conduit emoji and putting your connection afterwards. You can also submit feedback by clicking the link in the show notes or using the submit feedback button at relay.fm slash conduit. And again, if you want to get access to pre and post show banter and ad free episode and a special coworking session, become a superconductor at imasuperconductor.com. That's letter I, letter M, letter A, superconductor.com. Kathy, what are we doing in the post show? In the post show, I have a fun trivia question. Just one. Just one question. No, I have a bunch of fun trivia questions to ask you. I love trivia. Tell me what, to be exact. I love trivia, so this will be great. And if you want to rock conduit on your back, then visit uconnware.com for some great conduit merch, everything from tank tops to hoodies to your everyday t-shirt. I definitely sent a picture to Kathy of me in North Carolina rocking my, I'm a superconductor, or sorry, I'm a conductor shirt. And it was fantastic. And a special thank you to our sponsor, Micro.blog for sponsoring this week's episode. Kathy, did we do it? Jay, we condid it.