---
description: It's a systems check. Jay is prepping for 2024 and Kathy is in her "Artistically
  Productive" groove.
pub_date: November 16th, 2023
title: '62: Systems Check Fall 2023'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/62
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we can do our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that falls for your system that helps you get stuff done. My name is Kathy and I am here with my favoritest co-host to talk about our systems. It's Jay Miller. Hi Jay. I'm going to cut this audio to just say your favorite co-host and start a war. Okay. I mean, that works. But also I haven't podcasted with Alex in a while. So I mean, you podcasted with Alex more recently than I did, than I have. Maybe Alex is my favoritest co-host. Oh, that's fine words. All right. I am now offering up the opportunity to co-host Conduit with me. I'm just kidding. Let's start with what happened in the discord. One of my favorite things is that there is now a playlist inspired by everyone in the hashtag break rooms favorite songs. It is a fantastic spreadsheet. It's so much fun and I love it. And additionally, additionally, Kate, our favoritest owl of the show, shared their spreadsheet from their podcast on research. So that's exciting. So that lots of things happening in the discord. And then in a special co-working session that we had in our off week, I called in live from San Francisco, almost said live from New York and Saturday night. No, it is Tuesday morning. Yeah. Yeah, I called in from San Francisco to do what I do best, which is complain. And we took we aired our grievances about some of our least favorite cities in the United States. Mine is definitely San Francisco. It was my third time in the area, my first time in the city. Oh, boy, I could not wait to get to the airport. Shout out to SFO Airport, though, because their music selection was amazing. I discovered the L'Emichelle's Affair, which is a like jazzy rendition of classic hip hop. Yeah. I heard cash flows everything around me and like the jazziest sound ever. And my mind was was opened to new opportunities at that point. Amazing. If any of this sounds fun, we recommend that you visit I am a superconductor dot com. That's the letter I letter M letter a superconductor dot com to become a member today. One of the things we like to do is shout out some members of our community outside of our connection checks. And we've got some goodies coming in. Jay, do you want to start? Yeah. So shout out to Justin, who was one of our first timers in the co-working session. It's always fun to have new folks come in. And I know that like we always get used to seeing some of the every other week faces or the every time faces that that pop up. So when there's someone new, we want to make a note of that and learned a lot about some of the hockey rivalries. And, you know, I still say go avalanche, beat those red wings. But yeah, you know, it's it's always good to have someone new. And now that I've insulted their their most favorite teams, hopefully they will come back. Oh, they have to come back. Yeah, I hope so. We we know it can be scary and intimidating to join a Zoom call, not knowing what to expect. But I swear, we're really nice. We like to hang out and we get stuff done and also talk and distract each other. So, you know, it's a great it's a great opportunity. And we would love to have you join us. Erin, our identical twin of the show, also had a commentary, wanted to say that no spend November sounds interesting. I think I've been pretty good on this front for my place. Might buy a smaller container or two to better organize things. And then told us to take time off regardless of what's going on. Always do the right thing for you for the long run rather than short term gains. And I think that's a really good reminder that we all need. Yeah, not to not to talk about other stuff. Shout out my boss, too. I don't believe they listened to the episode, but when I got home, my boss mentioned that I was doing a lot and gave me the numbers to back it up and said, you're doing a great job now. Take a vacation. And I was like, what? Amazing. So I took a half vacation because I can't I really can't right now. You aren't. You don't want to. You are choosing not to. I have deadlines on things that like are new and are even more deadline year than the other deadline stuff. So like, yes. Can you schedule something for after those deadlines are done? Oh, I mean, yeah, absolutely. The holiday season. Yeah. Holiday season. OK, I'm done. So, yeah. And then we also have a shout out from Logang, who says, I finally listened to last week's episode and I swear I'm not Jay in disguise. Although I would say that if I were in disguise as a listener to our show, that's exactly what I would say. That's a good point. I was although Friends and Survivor are two of my wife's favorite shows as well. OK, so here's the test. Here's the test. Logang, what does your wife think about the office? That's it. OK. Now, I really want to join a co-working session, but it just doesn't fit into my work schedule easily. Maybe someday or maybe someday there will be a conductor meetup in Colorado. It's actually probably more likely than you'd think, at least for me. I don't mean we'll figure out how to get Kathy out there. And then finally, also, I can't speak highly enough of the tough bleep strategy, at least for me. About three months ago, I told myself the same thing and started working out at five a.m. every day. It's not for everyone or every goal, but I'm stronger and healthier than I've been in 15 years. See, now Logang is just me from the future. There you go. This is where we are. I love it. All right. It's time for our connection checks. Zip it, EZAP. The systems check. It's the best time of the quarter. Yeah, nice. I love that we are. It's November. We're recording this on Tuesday, November 14th, and we are jamming to the holiday music. And that makes me happy. I hate Christmas music as much as I hate Disney. Yeah. Well, that's OK, because you know it all and you're singing along and that's fine. But how how did you do for your connection? I'm going to go ahead and give myself the grace of a green check. Again, my connection check was tough. Bleep. Go for a walk. No excuses. Just do it. That week I did it. I did very, very well. When I was in San Francisco, I walked a lot. A lot of it was often to go find food or to escape the smell. There is no escaping the smell. You cannot escape the smell. It's terrible. Or to find clothes or a long, a shorter line into a store. I did a ton of walking while I was in San Francisco. But I have slowed down this week, but I'm still trying to be a little active and I'm definitely way more active than I was before I started doing this connection. So I'm going to go ahead and go with that. That white checkmark. Amazing. So I seem to have like chosen your connection to do for this fortnight instead of my own. So my connection was to pick a special theme day theme item for each day of the week to look forward to. And I had totally forgotten that that was my connection. But I have gone for more walks because I'm really tired of Ophelia going to the bathroom inside the house. And so I've been taking her on a walk so that she poops outside. It's so cold that she has to be convinced to participate in exterior potty trips. And yeah, I say she has to be convinced to poop outside. I was like, well, I mean, yes, most people need to be convinced to go poop outside. Yeah. Speaking of which, she was asleep in my office and is now at my door asking to go out. So I will be right back in about 30 seconds. Well, while Kathy is doing that, I want to go ahead and let folks know that we are currently not sponsored by anyone this week, as you may have noticed. So I want to thank all of our amazing superconductors for their continued support. And with the holiday season coming up, there will be a return of the relay. What is it? The Give not Give Relay. Is it the Give Relay? The yes. Yes. The Give Relay event where it is cheaper than ever before to give. We like to say less expensive. It is less expensive than ever before to give the gift of a relay FM switch on membership to your friends and potentially yourself. Yes, it is an option to do it yourself. And I will put a link in the make a note to put a link in the show notes. It will be starting November 20th until December 15th. And you can at that time frame, you can go to give relay dot com and choose your. Membership and we highly recommend that you pick superconducting, because if you're listening to this and you're not a superconductor, what are you even doing? But I like you. I like to have a positive attitude towards our listeners who are stealing this content from us. Wow. Wow. That's mean. That's so mean. I just I just remember every free episode of of Conduit is like a penny in the take a penny, leave a penny. So just don't don't be that kid that grabs all the pennies and walks away. Instead, give a penny or in this case, five dollars a month or more a year or I guess less a year with the savings. But it's even cheaper. You're doing like half a penny if you go to give relay dot com and sign up during that time. So, yeah, thank you for your future support, unless you choose not to. And then in that case, you're a pirate and we are the British Royal Fleet. We will find you. Oh, my gosh. OK, moving on. It's time for our Conductor's Connections. Carly, our artist of the show, says connection check green book. I posted on the relay discord my offer. I got one nibble, but it was too advanced for me. I still gave myself a green check because I posted it. Absolutely. And knowing your limits is also really important. So we're super proud of you. And our large fry of the show, Justin said, yellow circle. I was able to get some great guidance from friends, therapists and folks here regarding the new ADHD diagnosis on my journey. Now finding ways to continue to manage, but better. I did up. I did end up adapting my workflow for work, which has been great. But I still have to work on branding and getting my personal ideas back on track in Todoist or some other task management app. No, great, great work, Justin. And I look forward to hearing about how that's going after we do our systems check. Our panda of the show, James, is very confusing right now because it's a green box, but with a white X in it instead of a checkmark. So I'm not sure. So let's read what he has to say. We'll find out. Well, I didn't get back to doing my work yet. Sorry, capitalism. I have been dealing with a new and exciting form of tinnitus, tinnitus, tinnitus for the last week, which has not been great for my mental health, as I am now living with a near constant loud 160 Hertz hum in my left ear. While I wait to see my doctor, I've been experimenting with various apps like Dark Noise to try and keep it under control with some success. I did also catch up with a number of friends and met a total of four cats. So it wasn't all bad, bad or bad. Yeah. So I think we can we can say that that's not a check mark and yet or it's an adjustment to your connection because stuff happens. James, can you plug yourself into a MIDI processor and turn that 160 Hertz hum into some sick beats? OK, thank you. Yeah. Our identical twin of the show, Aaron, says Yellow Circle didn't get to start much on new project planning. As my project, I'm wrapping up to transition has taken a bit longer than expected. That said, I'm looking to wrap it up over the next couple of days. Not that makes sense. And, you know, at least you were smart enough to be like, hey, let's not try to just force starting this other thing. Let's let's make sure we close all the other things and, you know, get started fresh. Yes. Our Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica, says yellow heart. It may be the honeymoon period talking, but I love my new job. The heart is yellow and not green, because instead of being gentle on myself, I overscheduled and recorded six podcast episodes for four different podcasts. And now I feel pretty terrible physically. Oops. Listen, listen. This happens. And one of the hardest things to do is recognize and remind yourself when it does happen in order to make it like not happen again. But I get how how difficult that is. So good luck. And our soprano of the show, Debo says Greenheart made some progress on sorting clothes. Oh, that reminds me, I got to do laundry tonight. Good job. Oh, yes. Our fish bear of the show, Fishy Kai says green lettuce. We mostly restocked the freezer meals doing more this week, too. I will thank myself in about a month. Absolutely. That's amazing. Our shark of the show, one pair of shoes, says my connection was to figure out my work related goals for next year. Oh, great time around the systems check, too. This is a required part of my annual review, and I usually second guess myself as I'm writing it. Green checkmark, I managed to get it done, and I will admit, I may have really challenged myself for the next year. Oh, challenging yourself for the next year. How do you challenge yourself? I feel like this is a future topic, maybe in December as we get closer to the end of the year. Yeah. Make a note. Make a note. Do that. Yeah. All right. Our mountain. Mm hmm. Merah, our mountain dweller of the show, Logang, Merah says green checkmark. I did not buy things. Well done. Nice. I I almost have broken Arno's been November twice now, but I'm doing pretty good. Actually, I think I guess technically I did lose it because I bought swag at the conference that I was at, but it was for my family and not for me. So listen, you can make the rules be whatever you want. I have not suck with no spend November. So moving on, go ahead and do Lora's. Yep, yep, yep. Our pathologist of the show, Laura, says green checkmark. I was aiming to lessen the feeling of being in a crisis every day at work. I feel this. I was able to keep task. I wanted to get done to a more reasonable level by using a paper planner. Ooh, with limited space for a couple of weeks, which seemed to work well. Also scheduled time right at the end of the day to wrap things up and set up the next day, which even though I wasn't finishing things, I didn't feel like they were hanging over me. Wow. Laura, if you ever want to just sit here and do the show, I think Kathy is looking for a new host. Oh, goodness. Nameless of the show has a green tree. My wife and I have almost completed all our house projects, and we are especially thrilled about our Christmas tree being up. We can't wait to host our family in our home for the holidays. Additionally, I have created a list of items we would like to find deals on, as well as gifts I want to purchase for my wife's birthday and Christmas. That sounds like an extra green tree. Yeah, it's like that that old song. There's no place like someone else's home for the holidays. Wow. And our oh, no, I lost it. Where to go? Where to go? Our train enthusiast of the show, Rosie, says green circle. I have a job interview next week. It's all going well. Smashing it in Duolingo to speak English, the correct English, not that weird European stuff they speak over there. Back to German. Excellent. Emma, our procrastinator of the show, has a red X and bonus points living up to her of the show name, because we vamped at the beginning of the show to make sure that she could post her check connection check. Anyways, red X is a nope on this one. I haven't done any sorting of clothes or boxes, and my ginger floof cat, Harvey, is still sweetly sleeping atop the pile and giving me cover for excuses. I totally lost track of time and thought conduit was happening next week because ADHD listen, absolutely, totally understand completely clearly since I forgot what my connection was. So, you know, it's all good. We're doing great, everyone. We're doing great. Huh. All right. So every quarter, we like to do something that we call a systems check. In our normal episodes, we tend to pick a topic and try to kind of discuss the. Like purpose or meaning of why we do things, something kind of talking about, you know, whatever's going on, but work towards being more like agnostic in that we are not saying, hey, you should go and do this. You need to get this out, but it'll change your life. Anything like that, mainly because we like to have it have it more open and have the opportunity for you to use whatever conversation that we have and take pieces of it that hopefully, you know, work in your own life. However, once a quarter, we come in and we get down and dirty with our apps. We talk about the actual systems that we use, the actual apps that we use, whatever we do that helps us get things done in the non-trademark sense of the word. Yeah, it's it's like those brain boys that do their their thing like once a year. We do ours once a quarter because they're more productive. Boom. Take that suits. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, I'm feeling edgy today. It's going to be. Yeah, you are. I love it. So, Jay, since I am the host of the show today, I would like you to go first. How about that? I like it. OK. So originally, I was going to name this after one of my favorite members of the Wu Tang Clan. Wu Tang. Oh, oh, my gosh. I I'm so sorry I'm going to interrupt you. I'm going to let you finish. But first, I want to discuss the option of having a what's the band, a cover band called Wu Tang. That's a bunch of like white suburban moms. And it's spelled W.O.O. And they sing Wu Tang songs. Do you think if a bunch of white people said that we were anything, anything clan? I'm going to have a problem. No, that's true. That's a that's a very good point. Well, that's why we just remove the the end of it. And it's Wu Tang. I like it. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. Anyways, moving on, please, please continue. So instead, instead of calling it the ODB paradox, we're going to call it cream. And we'll come up with a back a backer name for that. But if for people who don't know what the phrase cream means, it's cash rules everything around me. Cream, get the money, dollar dollar bill, y'all. And I really don't have a reason for calling it that other than I've I've I don't for some reason. It's just a really good, good song. Oh, Kathy says it's the checking really excellent analog methods. Or maybe no, as well. We'll workshop it. Yes, we'll workshop it. We'll work on it. Yeah. So a part of this is. Really trying to prioritize a lot of the big things that are happening. As as this show has gone on this year, we've talked about this this other community that I've been putting together. We reached 200 members recently, which is absolutely amazing. We also got to a point where one of the organizations that we were hoping to help increase the diversity of 50 percent or almost 50 percent of the people running for leadership positions in that organization are from the community, which is wild. So if it went from almost effectively zero percent to 50 percent in a few months. Well, and you know, it made me really stop and think. And people are asking about, like, how do they donate and how do they get involved and how they do stuff? And as I mentioned before, my boss was very much like, hey, you're doing a lot of this other stuff over here, and that's great. But I need you to take a break so that you don't burn out. That see episode 61 of this podcast, we talk about burning out in in in live recording. So, yeah, this this is a really. This productivity system, as it has been evolving over the last few weeks, even, I mean, this is still relatively new, has been a focus on doing the things that work really well in prioritizing the important things and kind of letting the other stuff just kind of fall by the wayside for now until we have to. So from the top, we have my plotter notebook, which is in its final days of my analog productivity. That's OK. We're just switching up to a different system that we'll talk about next year or maybe at the end of the year. I don't know. We'll figure it out. But one of the things that I watched recently was Ryder Carroll, who is the person who created the bullet journal method or the method that is bullet journaling in its purest form. It is he did this wonderful video called What's destroying your attention and how to fix it? There will be a link in the show notes. And in that he kind of showcased this like pre-planning versus like reality thing that happens where he gives like all the things that he wants to do. He puts them in order by priority. And then during the day and like he writes all the stuff that's happening. But when you reference one of the things that was on your list, instead of writing it twice, you just write that number. So if record, if record conduit is the most important thing on the day, then it is like priority zero because we use zero base numbering. Then when I go to do record conduit during that day, then I would just do, you know, one o'clock, which is when we record on my my coast and then zero and then kind of check the box and now we're good to go. That has been kind of my day to day for the last couple of weeks that I've been at home. So like the last three, four weeks or so. That's been interesting. I think the the process of it is kind of whatever, whatever. But I think the act of saying this is what I want to do today and then saying then looking back at that page, I can quickly see like. Was I in control of my day? And I think the days where I wasn't in control of my day, it's really easy to see because the what I wanted to do was maybe a little bit lighter. But then what actually happened was significant. And I could go, oh, well, hmm. If there's a pattern here, then maybe I need to start thinking about how I structure those or when do I structure those? And there is this idea of time tracking. I just I know we have folks that love the time tracking thing. It just I've never been able to do it unless it was automatically happening in the background. And then at that point, it's so unorganized that it's not really helpful. So until I sit down and actually organize timing, which is the app that I use to do the automatic time tracking, basically, I'm just keeping a log of here. Like I'm spying on myself and saying, well, you spent this much time doing this. So, yeah, before I go into the apps and stuff, Kathy, was there any anything on that? No, I think I love this idea of, quote unquote, fixing your focus and using the tools that you do to like really. Help you concentrate on what's happening now, as opposed to try and, you know, look at the future or. Overcompensate for the past or or whatever, there's so many different options available that I think it's really I love. I love where you're going with this. How's that? I love it. And now time for a whole bunch of well, not a whole bunch of apps, a few apps. There's three in the document. Yeah, there's there's three. I've been working to kind of separate work and non official work things just in my productivity. This is created like I've created a second account on all of my computers for like either work or personal. And, you know, just a better division of what's going on. And I think a part of that is this whole like context mode. So one of the things that I did was I picked up a second email client. I use Outlook because, hey, I work at Microsoft. It's like the only thing you can use, really. But I'm using Spark Mail for my personal mail. And I wanted something that was going to be easy for me to go in triage and clean my inbox. Also, Spark is a part of Setapp. I already pay for Setapp. And with the Setapp subscription, you get the pro version of Spark, which has some some nice features. It also has the Spark AI tool. And I'm lazy. I don't personally think the Spark AI tool is revolutionary in any way. It's it's really good at writing a really simple message for what I'm trying to say. But when I don't have the words or when I don't want to think about the words, I can just say what I want to say and then hit the spark, I think, and say, make it sound more formal. Yeah, that's been nice. I haven't quite tested how snarky I can get with it. That feels like a really, really important, important goal. I kind of want to try it, but I'll let folks know how that works out. I'm going to skip the second thing I have in my notes, and I'm going to go straight to the third thing. I'm using things we were using to do this. My wife and I were using to do this. And then we went a month without using to do this, which told me that we were probably done using to do this for the time being. And since I've already paid for things, OmniFocus and Todoist has its regular subscription, I figured why not try to save a few dollars by stopping my subscription of Todoist and just using things. One of the things I like about things is that that's going to get annoying. Like OmniFocus, it has the calendar integration, so I can kind of see what is on my calendar. Also, while I'm looking at the things that need to get done, which really helps me in my morning planning of like what I want to get done and like what what needs to happen. So it gives me kind of a better context into like, OK, here are all the things that are due around this time as by definition of things. But also, here are some of the events that are happening. So maybe you defer some of these things to a later time and you don't think about them. But then the only thing that I put in my notebook are the things that I want to get done today. And even if I don't get them done, they were still the things that I wanted to get done today or the things that I started today. And they're in short code where like the stuff that I put in things I usually have links to, I have more defined descriptions of and everything else. So, yeah, that's I mean, that's more of just like, I don't know, my brain was in a things mood. So I switched from to do is to things. And sometime soon it'll probably be in an omnifocus mood. And I'll switch from that to that. I really need a way to like start migrating these lists from one application to another. I'm sure it exists. I'm sure Dr. Drang has made something for this that is in drafts or something that I can use. But until then, I'm kind of just duplicating work in some areas. And then the last one is a newer application called Bike. Bike is an outlining tool. Bike is also in Setapp now, which if you are considering using Setapp, since they are not sponsoring this episode, use my code instead so I could get it. Yeah, absolutely. This is not officially sponsored by Setapp, but if you would like to sponsor Jay through Setapp, which I'm going to do because I think I've been meaning to get set up. I don't know why I haven't done it in way too long, but I probably should. So, yep, yep, yep. Yes. Allow me to have three months. That would be great. But I when I saw I had already paid for Bike, a bike license. But when I saw that it was in Setapp, I was like, OK, that's that's fair. And Jesse, Jesse Gross Jean, the person who created it, is he's created some other applications like he created Task Paper for those that do the whole Task Paper thing. And I forgot what the other one was called. I got to check Hog Bay software. But that's not important. He made another little text editor that was those kind of cool. Right Room is the other one. And the interesting thing about Bike, I don't know why it is really good at writing outlines, because anything plain text could be really good for writing outlines. Like it it does this this interesting thing where like, you know, of course, you can move things around and you can add a lot of stuff in here. And I actually took my notes for this systems check inside of a bike and I can kind of play around with it. I mean, honestly, I feel like I'm barely scratching the surface of what this tool can actually do. But it is so pleasing to use and I don't understand why, but it is and that's all that matters. Yeah. So I yeah, I've been using bike a lot for planning talks, for creating outlines, for things that I have to submit, for ideating on things. And I still use drafts for a lot of just writing text. But Bike has kind of become this place where if I'm sitting down to do a thing and I know what that thing is, then I'm often starting in Bike instead of drafts. Now, if I'm just like, oh, hey, I need to go write that down really quick and save it. It still goes in drafts. But if it's like I need to plan this out, then I'm in Bike. And it's I don't know. It's just so easy to use and it's it's nice feeling. But yeah, that's that's kind of it for me in terms of like what's happening, I guess, in the world of just my overall productivity. I've been trying to think more collaboratively, as I am delegating more and more responsibilities to people around me. I'm not necessarily needing collaborative productivity. So no Asana or anything like that. But I do feel like there is this need of like I need to write something or I need to have my productivity in a place where I can be like concerned with how much work am I giving to other people or, hey, I'm doing these things with these five people. I don't necessarily need to know their business, but I need to make sure that I'm ready with my business when when we're there for it. So, yeah, that's that's kind of guided me toward some of these systems and some of these digital tools is it's more so that if someone goes, hey, do we have an outline for this? I can like quickly copy and paste something in or more just making sure that I'm on track of things so that I'm not the one holding things up. I love that. I love that. So my my system has kind of changed significantly, but also not just like the specific. I feel like the specifics have changed and kind of like the process behind the scenes. But it's it's made a big difference overall. So I have fully switched over to OmniFocus now. It's been about two months, I think, and it has been life changing through using Rosemary's book, which I can never remember the name of it, but it's great that and YouTube videos. I really kind of set up the projects and tags in such a way that it makes sense with my brain and makes it really easy to use. So I have my projects are broken down kind of in different subcategories as well. So it's easy for me to see because I have a lot of stuff going on. I'm able to have it all set up to be like each of my unicorn clients. Thank you, Jay, for the link. Build your OmniFocus workflow. Perfect. There's like each of them, my podcasting. I've got all of my personal stuff. I've got dance stuff. I've got photography. You know, all of these things going on that are kind of important to keep track of. And the way that the input works works really well with my brain. I've got recurring tasks in here, just all sorts of things that something about how it worked really helps, which I'm putting less and fewer. Can never remember, Merlin, tell me which way, which way it goes. Fewer tasks retroactively to like remind myself that I did something. So being able to come in and. Like, I know what I've done, I know what I'm doing, I know what needs to come next, and I know what is running late or whatever. Just something about it is magic with how my brain is functioning. And I have gone from like forgetting things and missing things and, you know, absolutely having to apologize multiple times a day to things that I was supposed to get done. To now I'm getting things done ahead of time and able to check it off and send it on and and procrastinating on less overall stuff, which I think is really helpful. So that's that's what my task management thing is. And then it comes down to my daily. Daily driver, shall we say. I have been doing morning pages pretty much every day. I tried to do one day on the weekend as well. And what morning pages are to anyone that doesn't know is just sitting and writing. So a little bit of a kind of a journaling aspect of things. I like to kind of sit down and just spew out for a page or so, kind of what's on my brain, what's happening, what's going on. I do this while I'm drinking coffee. I light a candle. I sit and just kind of do that, have that moment to kind of focus for the day. And I know when I don't do it, it really, really affects my overall day. I've also been doing some more significant bullet journaling. So just like Jay mentioned before, writer Carol is the creator of the bullet journal method. And it's a way to kind of formulate using analog tools, kind of what you're doing, what needs to happen, et cetera. I am doing instead of the very base version of bullet journaling that I have been doing for very, very many years, I am working on in order to kind of solidify my some peace and creativity in my life. I am doing a little bit more of a creative aspect of things. So having, you know, an artsy, here's the beginning of the month type of a thing. And then I'll do like a weekly page layout where I just have like the appointments that are scheduled, the things that are scheduled for the day. And it ranges depending on my mood. I'm not worrying about making sure that it's Pinterest worthy or like I'm going to make YouTube videos, anything like that. It's just making me happy to make something pretty. And I'm, you know, using it as an excuse to buy new things is really fun, too. So like I brought a nicer notebook that I can do some more coloring and to like add prettier colors and like little drawings and things, just trying to add little pieces of joy into my my day. And one of those things is a tracker for making sure that I'm doing the things that I know I would like to do at least once a day. So making like, did I do my morning pages? Did I drink water before I drink my coffee? Did I have coffee at all? Because it's not an everyday thing. Did I go to the gym? I've been going pretty much twice a week at six a.m. I'd like to do a third time a week, but we'll see. Did I eat lunch? Not at my desk. You know, just kind of a very basic idea. So I can kind of get an idea of what I've done during a day and how it might affect my mood, because one of the other things that I'm tracking is kind of an overall like mood tracker type thing is what it's called. And I just mark, am I was I sad? Was I productive? Was I happy or was I tired? And it can be mixed. You know, I can be productive and happy. I can be sad and happy. I can be tired and productive. You know, all of these like mixing things and just to kind of track and see. Concentrate on myself a little bit to see how I how the the week went, how the day went, how the month went. And that's kind of been. Really helpful to make it OK to do something that isn't strictly productive is it's not like, yes, there are apps out there that that do a lot of this stuff, but it feels disconnected, whereas analog tools have that that kind of physical connection that are really nice. And so I really, I really like that. Go ahead. Oh, I mean, I, I just wanted to jump in and ask, have you played around with the I can't remember if you're an Apple watch person or not. I am. Do you do the Apple version of reflection stuff as it yells at you? I have not. I haven't turned that on. I probably that's a good idea. I should I should I should do that. Another app that I've been using is Fitbod, which I know everyone talks about it. It's not a sponsor of the show, but it's a sponsor of other shows. It's been really, really great. I enjoy it. Provide your code since I'm providing my setup. I know I don't. I will I will figure out how to get one. OK. You talked about so, I guess a couple of things really quick. I guess the first one would be the artsy getting into bullet journaling. I I used to be the type of person that was like the artsyness of it always felt like something that would intimidate people and prevent them from trying it. I don't want to say that I've backpedaled on that because I still haven't really dove into the full artsyness. But I do play around with different colors, adding things. So it's like less ugly bullet journaling, not full on ugly. And I do think that there is a bit of pleasantness that comes into that of like being able to go, this is like I've made this my thing. And and I would think even in my Hobanichi, like, I. Since I don't have to have a lot of setup for that, I guess, spoiler alert, I'm switching to the Hobanichi nature. I think I talked about this before. But with that, like a lot of the bullet journaling that came in from like the original method was like, you have to do a ton of setup. You have to do your monthly, you know, spread and your daily spread. And you have to have all your other things. And it's like I would much rather not do all of that work. And then on top of that, have to do more of it in the artsy way possible. But since a lot of that's done for me, maybe I do get a little bit more artsier than usual, which I've never gotten into the washi tape thing. Yeah, I kind of want to, though. Wash your tapes great. It's so much fun. I have kind of been doing a weekly reset on Sundays to kind of set up my my week. So that's when I do my weekly log to like see what's scheduled for the week and that sort of stuff. And that has really helped me get myself ready for the week. I've got a little like list that I do for my weekly reset that I will pull out my little washi taped in the little card. So I make a special drink. It can be, you know, just like water with ice in a fancy glass or whatever coffee or whatever. I light a candle. I turn on a reset playlist, which is just a rant. I haven't found my perfect one yet. So I'm just like going around Spotify, finding things that they do. I tidy up my desk a little bit so I have some space. I do a last week debrief. So this is kind of like what I feel worked, what didn't, what how I was feeling, kind of good, bad and ugly. I then do a brain dump of, you know, all of the things that are in my head. Get it out on paper and get that done. I take a look at my open tasks. So OmniFocus is really great with kind of the review feature. So I go through and I'm finding out, do I still need to do this? Do I need to move it up on priority? Is there anything I'm missing? Like making sure that everything that I need to get done is in OmniFocus. I sort and recycle papers. I get a lot of random junk mail and it tends to just sit in a pile. And I'm like, I need to just is this going to be burnt or shredded, depending on my mood, recycled? Do I need to put a return to sender type of a thing? Get get that processed. And so I just take care of the paper and get it out of my site. I make sure that any of the trackers that I haven't. Like updated on get updated, so that's done. I set up my weekly spread. I then retidy my desk, which usually includes putting away all the tools that I've done. And then I treat myself with something that I've wanted to do for the like watch a show or a movie or just sit and veg or scroll on Instagram. I celebrate kind of the fact that I finished my reset in a way that is like honoring the work that I've done, kind of. And just yeah, that's kind of that's what my weekly reset that I do is Sunday night or sometimes in the afternoon if I'm busy or whenever I want to, because it's not a specific, OK, it's seven o'clock on a Sunday. It's time to do weekly reset. It's like, oh, what are my vibes? What's my energy level? Do I need to do a slimmer version of this reset and just do, you know, the emergency things, you know, kind of looking at how that is going? Yeah, I I loved the reset stuff. Like I remember doing a lot of reset things and just being like, huh, like that fresh start feels so good. Yeah. I'm glad that the OmniFocus thing is working. I'm also glad that you are in a. Space and environment that you're like, everything's coming together, everything's coming up, Millhouse. Have you had any instances where things were kind of shaky and you were like, well, week is reset, I guess. Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. Of course. In fact, I did not do my weekly reset for this week at all, because my Sunday kind of went down the toilet in a good way. Like it was it was fine. But also like it made it so that I. Yeah, we're getting ready for dance competition season. And so Knox had our mini soup, had a lot of a lot of things to get done. And so it just kind of went all over the place. But, you know, I'm really happy with my weekend. I was able to find some productive rest situations. And yeah, I'm feeling I'm feeling good, even though I didn't do the reset, which I am missing that I didn't. But I'm still content with kind of how how my week went. Kathy, you know, things are supposed to go down the toilet. That's that's right. That's usually a good thing when when they go down the toilet versus not going down the toilet, which could be even worse. It's a good point. That's a good point. Yep. Yep, yep, yep. Awesome. So, yeah, I think that's our systems for the quarter, kind of where we're at and what we're doing now with some, you know, hints of what might be coming in this winter. Are you saying that winter is coming? Winter is coming. That done done. Yeah. Is there anything else about your your system that you missed or you wanted to make sure you talk about? Um, not yet. I there's there's a few things that I've been playing with, but nothing, nothing super solid. There there's this like passion to do the things that I need to do, but also do the things that I want to do, but more and better, which is why I'm really kind of hoping the idea of like cream, like get the money, dollar dollar billiard. Like that's that's the whole thing is like it's it's a way to to kind of focus on the important things for them. It was getting paid. For me, it's it's getting to a place where I feel excited, energized, happy, motivated. And to me, it's it's I'm hoping that right now I'm kind of in that in-between spot, but I feel like I'm really close. I feel like I'm almost to a point. And I mean, we we know the the answer is do less better. You know, yeah, I'm not ready for that yet. I'm working on definitely have to be ready for it. It's something that you got to work through and and yeah, be ready. And it's OK to not be ready for that yet. But I will say I'm probably more ready for it than I have been in a long time. So that's that's good. Well, as long as you're not saying no to this podcast, I think I'm OK with that. Right. I mean, hey, if it depends on how many people continue to take a penny from us, my goodness. Free loaders. Oh, my gosh. You're so mean. I love everyone that listens to the show. I love the ones who give us money slightly more. Oh, my gosh. So with that, what is your connection for the next four night? Come up with an acronym for cream. No, I already fixed one for you. No, no, no. Well, no, that's I think my actual connection for this conduit would be to try to think of a good one. Schedule a doctor's appointment like it's it's a thing. It's the end of the year. We're going to have open enrollment and stuff. Actually, I think open enrollment already happened. I probably should have looked for that or it's about to start. Yeah, so I got to I got to figure out my open enrollment stuff. But also the end of the year, if, you know, spend it if you got it. Some people have copays and premiums and stuff. I could hold off to the beginning of the year. That might be the smarter thing to do. However, I've had so many rheumatology and pulmonology and other ologies and ophthalmology. Optometry. No, not ophthalmology. That's a different thing. Optometry on your eyeballs. Yeah, no, I haven't had that. But there there is one that has been on my list that for some reason, I just it almost slipped away until I was thinking of what I need to do for this next fortnight. And then it popped up again. So, you know what? I'm adding it to things now. Do it. Schedule my orthopedic surgery appointment, which don't worry, my orthopodes are fine. I'm OK. It was kind of a preliminary check thing because I was having some knee pain that I shouldn't be having. And they think everything is fine. I just got to lose weight, exercise, diet, all the stuff that they tell you at every single event. Yeah, which is still junk. Medical advice, but you know, that's a whole other conversation that we don't have time for. Exactly. So listen to maintenance phase instead, because they've got a whole bunch of goodies for you. My connection is to remember what my connection was. No, just kidding. Do the connection once. Geez. I would like to. OK, I'm going to I'm going to pick the thing that I really need to do, because then I will get the motivation from the external peoples that I definitely need and love. I'm going to clean this corner of my office. That is kind of. A pile of doodoo, there's boxes in there, there's recycling in there, there's things that need to be given away or sold or packed up or put away. It is it is a disaster. I have to step over things to get into my office. So it is time to change that. So I am going to clean that corner of my office, not the rest of it, because that's a future Kathy problem. But. You have to clean your corner office. That's what I heard. Yeah. Yep. Exactly. Yeah. Don't forget to put your your your connection in the sheet in the dock. Oh, yeah. Let me do that. Oh, yeah. Typing typing. I have to do it on Thursday. She's typing the words. Oh, in the words. I added it to things. Is that not enough? I mean, it is, except except I'll forget. Yeah, you're right. You're right. Yeah. And then I'll be like, it'll it'll be Thursday and I'll be like, Hey, Jay. Hey, Jay, what was your connection? Yeah. OK. There. All right. Perfect. You know who else added something? Who, Jay? Our artist? Are you going to tell me the show? Our artist of the show, Carly Knight, says her new connection, keep applying to jobs. I was sick a few weeks ago and I've stopped applying as much as I was before. I need to be more strategic. I've been doing the spray and pray method and haven't had any good results. I wanted to apply. I want to apply to at least two jobs a day for the next conduit. Oh, oh, that's I mean. OK, you can do it. You can do it. OK, if that's what you did, that's how you feel. You got this. I got I believe that's a lot. That's a lot of of applications. I who I don't know. OK. Justin, our large fry of the show, says newest can do newish connection, continue to work on branding and adapting personal task management, management workflow with Todoist. Our pen do it. Our panda of the show, James, new connection, start to prepare for Xmas. Xmas, which is worryingly close and learn to live with my new buzzing friend. The we've already solved brain bees, the brain bees. We have to stop the brain bees and maybe just maybe do some actual work to. Sorry, it wasn't that Xmas threw me for a loop. It was for some reason I kept trying to say smoss because I was a smuss. So I was just like, wait, Smas, what is Smas? Oh, my goodness. Smas. I just I just had an eye appointment today. So new glasses on the way. Speaking of like holidays, next week is Thanksgiving here in the US. And we haven't mentioned it at all. So I'm thankful for you. American Family Fight Night. That's we call it. Yeah, we're going to we're going to throw the mashed potatoes. Who mashed potatoes? Yeah. Anyways, our identical twin of the show, Aaron, says new connection, which projects we're looking to start at work has been shifting around. But I hope in the next conduit to have a solid plan on what we're looking to tackle and to start executing some of the work needed. I'm also thankful for you, Kathy, the Canadian card trivia enthusiasts of the show. I messed that up. Yeah, it's fine. We know who Eric. I was like, Erica, you know who you are. Also, we're thankful for you in this boxing day. I try to stick to only doing three podcast episodes that are already on my calendar now that I finally have my program for my personal trainer. I like to do it at least once a week. Fingers crossed you can do it. I yawned really loud. You can do it. Oh, my goodness. Energy levels. Yeah. Our soprano of the show, Debo says, make progress on the scarf. I'm knitting for my mom for Christmas. Oh, I hope you share photos in the in the discord. The fishiest of the fish pairs of the show, the fishy guy says new connection Thanksgiving should be pretty low key this year, which is welcome. I'd like to relax and enjoy family time. Oh, relaxing. Oh, it's nice. Shark of the show, one pair of shoes, which I think is Chris is their name, but I may now my brain is. Yeah, anyways, it doesn't matter. One pair of shoes. My connection for next time is to get my projects in a place where I can take a minimal stress vacation. Yes. And maybe a second pair of shoes are mountain dweller of the show. Logang says new connection. Next connection. Continue with no by November as a background process, but mainly take a break, which I desperately need. I'm going to drag and steal. What is this? Yes. Oh, we'll finish it. Finish the sentence and then within within old friend. And then it's Thanksgiving. So Dragonsteel is an event put on by Brandon Sanderson. It's where I went last year around this time to Salt Lake City, Utah. To run a booth for a friend. And it's huge. And there's a lot of people there, but I hope Logang has fun. Is this all part of like the Jordan con, Dragon con kind of stuff? Yep. A little bit. OK. Our pathologist of the show, Laura, says new connection. Simplify the system again. App creep is a thing that happens to me a lot. Some tasks in reminders, omni-focus, Google keep Google calendar, paper planner and project planning and notion and omni plan, et cetera. Whoo. I need to schedule some time to bring it all back in together somewhere and to sticking with that for a couple of weeks. Hey, Laura, I think I know when you can do those. And that's during our flow state sessions on Tuesday or Wednesday. So just a suggestion. I'm now going to poke you when I see you next. We should do a flow state session one time. I don't know what that means, but we should. It's basically our co-working time. Oh, OK. Well, in that case. But more concentrated and actually getting stuff done. But it's fine. Not an excuse to just sit there and be us with one another. Yeah. Yeah. The nameless of the show, nameless, who I think is nameless, says new connection. I want to do a systems check and consider what changes need to be made for the upcoming season or year. As I do, I will also keep in mind the theme for my next project. Oh, systems checks. Loving it. Yes. Our train enthusiast of the show, Railsie, says more job searching, more Duolingo, more side projects is existing is good. Yes. And it is absolutely OK that existing can be a connection. I hope you can master English in your Duolingo. And then our procrastinator of the show, Emma, says new connection. Same as the old one. Take two old one being. I lost it. Oh, my goodness. It's well, it's it's. It's in the it's in last sorting clothes and boxes and ginger cat floof. Harvey needs to move off of the clothes so that you can sort them. Gotcha. Sorting the piles. Awesome. You can do it. If you would like to submit a connection, you can do so in the relay discord in the hashtag show follow up channel by starting your message with a conduit emoji and putting your connection after. If you are not a member of the discord, you can also submit feedback by clicking the link in the show notes or using the submit feedback button at relay dot FM slash conduit. We check those as well. So feel free to send it in there if you're not in the discord. You can also visit I am a superconductor dot com to become a member today to get access to pre and post show banter, an ad free episode and a co-working session in the off weeks with myself and Jay. Or give us your flipping money dot com will also take you there. Lastly, check out you can wear it dot com for some great conduit merch, including a hoodie like the one I'm wearing right now, which says I am a conductor and it's bright red and it's great and it makes me super happy. Also, make sure you sign the petition for the conduit burnout candle, which I have not forgot about, which we hopefully will do at some point. I was going to bring that up, Kathy, when you mentioned lighting a candle. And I was like, is it the conduit burnout candle? But no, my gosh, we'll get there and it'll happen. Also, stay tuned for those who are superconductors, because in the after show, Kathy will be done, done, done, trying to name the collective nouns for 50 groups of animals. I did not prepare for this, which is probably a good thing. That's why we're doing this instead. So also one last thing between November 20th and December 15th, feel free to visit give relay dot com to gift yourself or someone else a membership to your favorite show, which is obviously this one. Jay, did we can do it? It depends. Did they take the penny or leave the penny? But we'll just assume that they left a penny and we will say yes, we condo it. Excellent.