---
description: The crew is taking inventory of the little things. In this episode, we
  talk about the power of an audit. Jay is checking in on little things and is seeing
  improvements already.
pub_date: November 30th, 2023
title: '63: Tiny Audits For a Mini-Kondo Benefit'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/63
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show we condue our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that never pulls the wrong lever! This episode is brought to you by Backburner. I'm Jay, and with me was the person that I totally cut off. Kathy, hi Kathy. I was going to start doing the poison for Cusco, like a quote thing, and then it like wasn't loaded. So we'll go, oh, right. The poison, the poison for Cusco. The poison shows that especially to kill Cusco, Cusco's poison. Yeah, that poison. Cool. I freaking love how much you love quoting specifically this movie, but also because everyone, long time listeners know of Jay's hate for Disney movies. And so the fact that Disney movies make such an impression in our show makes me very happy. I just want to point out the fact that the Doctor Who special being on Disney Plus definitely makes me very conflicted. Because David Tennant is indeed my doctor. Yeah. And I'm not going to say anything else because spoilers. But yes, Kathy, what happened this week in the discord? This week was chaos as usual, which is fantastic. Lots of job updates, new jobs applied for moving jobs, jobs accepted, et cetera. And the discord organized dice advent calendar for James Thompson has arrived. And there is a photo in the discord. Basically, James used to do a, an advent calendar, like several years in a row and was always disappointed with the dice. Uh, and made a comment in hashtag break room about like, he's going to do it himself. And people jumped on and were like, uh, let's help you. So James sent money and they purchased dice and shipped it off to Scotland where it has now been placed into beautiful little bags hanging on the mantle, uh, for James to open every day in December. And I'm very excited. This for him. This looks amazing. Um, at first I thought like, is this an app? Is this like the, is this a product? Is this a thing that can be bought? Um, is it an actual calendar? Like, are there dueling calendars in the, in the relay FM switch on universe? Um, but no, the, seeing this picture of just very, very ornate bags with large numbers on them, it reminds me that folks in the, uh, the, the British subcontinent of, of what was formerly Europe, but is now conflicted. Um, that like they do advent calendars the right way. I don't, I don't like these little dinky things that you get in the U S I want, I want ornate bags with numbers on them. Um, those look amazing. Um, and then we had our coworking session last week, uh, where our superconductor friends discussed our thumbs. Um, some of them are green. Some of them are a dark brown, just not even because some of us are dark brown skin tone, but also we have a per, uh, a tendency to take out our plants. Um, and yeah, I've, my three plants are slowly dwindling down to the last one is, it's holding on for dear life. It's got one last like big leaf on it. And, um, it's just the wrong, wrong time of the year for that, that poor, poor fella. So, uh, we're gonna have to pour one out. Um, and hopefully the bull pour it out on the plan itself to hopefully give it enough nutrients to survive another two weeks. Um, also we're glad that there isn't a PPS plant protective services that they won't come to your door and take your plants for you. But if you want to learn more about those things, whether it's the discord or our coworking session in the off week, you should go to I'm a superconductor.com to become a member today. That's letter I letter M letter, a letter S, uberconductor.com. Uber letter C undactor.com. Unducto letter R. I am not buying those domain names. Yeah. Um, so we don't have any spa or we do have sponsors. We talked about that. We don't have any shout outs, but we kind of do have a shout out because, uh, it be December friends and during the month of December, um, everyone is giving where we've, we've given thanks in the U S and now we're trying to give people wonderful gifts, like, I don't know the gift of being a superconductor, uh, which now is the time to do so because if you go to give relay.com that is give relay.com letter G if relay.com you can Reload letter Y. You can receive a discount for your membership. That means you can get or give the gift of relay to yourself or a friend. Because it does work for your own thing. However, if you are currently, I almost said prescribed, subscribed to a show. Uh, it will not work. Um, unless you, I think it's like six months. If you've been like unsubscribed for six months or so, um, you can re re add it in, but if you're not a member of our superconductor family, now would be the best time to do it. So come on over and save a little dough and support Jay and I for our lives. I just want to point out, I'm looking at the logos of all the different shows that you could become a member of. What is the best? I mean, you're not wrong. One of them does absolutely stand out. I will say automators max also looks good, but like they all look good. One of them is like, Whoa, hold on. What is this? And it is of course, superconductor the show that we do that includes the pre show where, uh, in this pre show, Kathy talked about looking into set up for the first time and all the different applications that applications, the apple locations that, uh, Kathy is going to be exploring as a new set up member. Um, also for transparency set up has been a member of relay FM in the past. Um, however, Kathy used my special link because they didn't give, they didn't give us one, so Jay got all the benefit for it, uh, and you can also get the benefit for it link in the show notes. Um, please give me another month free, uh, by becoming a set up member today. Um, anyway, all of that to say you could do all of this give relay.com, uh, annual plans are 20% off until December 15th. It does work for you unless you're a active member, you have to be reactivating an expired subscription, but you can also give it to a friend. Um, I'm also not going to say that you could just also make up another email account, but like, um, yeah, give relay.com now time for the connection check. Zap. Uh, Kathy, I was told you had to clean your entire house. Uh, no, more like I had to clean the corner of my office and I did. And there is carpet down there. I'm very excited. Is the carpet a different color than the carpet around it? No, that's, that's always the sad thing. We've had hardwood floors since we started living in houses, but I just remember like living in an apartment for a few years and then like moving the furniture and being like, Oh, I wish I wish we had hardwood floors everywhere. Um, we have like vinyl, um, fake floor, fake floors. It's a real floor. Fake wood, uh, in most of our house and especially with our little princess who decides that she cannot get her precious little paws, uh, wet when it's cold outside. Um, yeah, it's, uh, it's, it's fun. It's great. I can, I can only imagine. But yeah, so you found the floor. Um, you didn't just move everything from one corner to another corner. No, I made three trips out to the trash and recycling, uh, lots of boxes went away. It feels good. My camera stuff is all in my closet. Like it's, I'm feeling, I'm feeling good. I'm feeling good. Especially since for Black Friday, I finally bought the sit stand desk that I'd been meaning to buy forever. So I will be completely redoing my, um, office here when it arrives. Kathy getting all ergonomic. Uh, well, speaking of ergonomics, my connection check was the schedule and orthopedic surgeon appointment. So I did this about an hour ago. Listen, it doesn't matter when the connection is checked. Oh, absolutely. That that's the beautiful thing about conduit is that if you were supposed to do something and you waited until the next time you had to do a connection, that's okay, go ahead and do it right then and there. And then you'll still get that green check mark. We're not gonna, we're not going to judge you. We do it all the time. Yep. Yep. Exactly. But maybe we'll judge our conductors. How did they do? Uh, they did great. Always. They always do great. Even if they have orange, yellow or red, they're still great. So we're going off of that. Um, but Debo, our soprano of this show has a green heart, finished the knit scarf for my mom, see a pic in break room, uh, and a picture of the hat I knit for my dad, or maybe it's for creativity. I am unsure because I did not. Hold on. Let me see which we're both searching here. Uh, I don't know. Creativity discord. Yeah. I was searching. I was searching for said scarf. Um, creativity. It looks fantastic. I need to find creativity. Well, it's alphabetical. See a lot of minifigs. Oh, here we go. Is that a, did Debo, did you also make the Cyndaquil and the Grogu? No, but those feature significantly in Debo's like, uh, celebratory photos. Uh, I like the Cyndaquil has little outfits. Um, and it's very cute. Perhaps I should go see creativity more often. Yes. Uh, so speaking of creative, our artists of the show, Carly says, uh, orange diamond. I'm giving myself partial credit. I didn't apply to two jobs every weekday because of the holidays, but I did apply though. So yeah, that's fair. That's fair. And I also have hope that you had a good holiday week. Did our identical twin of the show. Erin says connection check green circle. Our team came together to figure out goals and focus for early next year, working on wrapping up some work still. However, we have been able to support a vendor we're working with in regards to 2024 focuses too. Well done. Nice. Our nameless of the show, nameless says yellow circle. I realized I took on too much with this conduit trying to do a system check while hosting Turkey day was overwhelming. Uh, so I decided to complete this connection. Um, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's. Yeah. That's tough. Yeah. I, I, I definitely tried to make plans and did not do any of them also to Turkey. Um, not being present in my house because no one in our family eats Turkey, but, um, I did make a good mac and cheese though. Ooh, it was, it was bomb. Uh, our Panda of the show, James has a green check. Well, the good news is, is that the buzz in my ear went away pretty much instantly as soon as the previous episode of condo, it was posted. So thank you very much for fixing me as it was driving me a little mad. You're welcome. I have also at least started to think about Christmas, even if I'm still rather unprepared. I've been working away as well, just not necessarily on the work I should be doing, but I'm getting there. Hey, recognizing and acknowledging that is great. Also a shout out to James for being a special guest on upgrade this week. Yeah. Um, it was a great episode. I finished listening to it this morning. Uh, it was, it was really, really good. Um, our shark of the show, uh, Chris, AKA possibly more than one pair of shoes. Now I believe that there were conversations being had. Um, my connection check was to get the projects in place where they were a minimal stress vacation could be had a green heart. I was able to get as much as I could on my projects and set delegates to handle the unpredictable things while away. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. I love that. Like got a lot done. I can't prevent everything from, you know, not crumbling a little bit. So here are people that can handle it so that I can focus on, uh, having a good vacation that that is like the way to do it. And I wish I did that myself for more things, cause I tend to just ignore them and then come back to broken pieces all over the floor. Yay. Chaos. Uh, also I really enjoyed the conversations I know you had with Chris that I did as well, cause he doesn't know why his, uh, name doesn't show up in the show bot, which is hilarious, but also that he is a runner and his wife thinks he has too many shoes, uh, which is really funny. So that, that makes me happy. Love it. Love it. Uh, Erica, our Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show has a green square. I aimed for only three podcasts and ended up with only two because I wisely bowed out of one due to health issues. I did manage to do my new exercise program exactly once per week. And it seems like that might be all I can manage for now, which is fine. Yes, Erica, I, I sense some sarcasm in there, but one is better than none. Okay. That you are doing, you are, you are working and doing what you can. And that is the important part. And I'm proud of you. Our fish bearer of the show, fishy guy says green heart to Thanksgiving being low key while I hoped relaxing. Oh, like, like he hoped, uh, relaxing family time was a success. I'm glad. I'm glad. So many people had a really good holiday. It was very relaxing. Yeah. A great, uh, chinthas, our tire advocate of the show has a green circle. We managed to keep things running smoothly while my manager was away. There were a couple hip hiccups, but in general things went well. Well done. Sounds like they, uh, rolled the tires effectively. Wow. Tire. We made it. It's great. Our pathologist of the show, Laura says, uh, green heart. I managed to get the thing with my various scattered systems somewhat back in order. Gather tasks into a couple of places, but not really happy with where it all landed. Next step, schedule the time to put some real thought into the system. Sorry. Our mountain dweller of the show, Logan says yellow square. The friend I was planning the trip with got very sick, so we canceled. I still took the break from work, but I didn't take a break from the rest of life responsibilities. You know what? That's okay. I'm, I'm proud that you, uh, still give yourself kind of the yellow square, um, to acknowledge the fact that you did take a break. Obviously life kind of takes over, but taking that, that break, I'm very proud of you. I feel like there should be some episode where we just say, we're going to say no to one thing. Like you don't know what that one thing is, but it's only one thing. And we're, we're going to intentionally say no to a thing that we currently always do, cause I feel like that's what Logang did here. Um, and also great, great work on it. Our large fry of the show gave, uh, the rock on, uh, the rock on. The rock on symbol, which I'm guessing is good. Um, it's yellow. So that's a, that's a good enough for me. Wife and I have our personal task workflow in place and it's working out. Well, communication is key. Um, no, communication is a word. Um, I have come to terms that I am in a place in my life with three kids under five, that my limited free time that I have doesn't mean I always need to focus on branding and getting my name out there. I mean, yeah, I rock on. Like, honestly, I don't even know. I don't have a rock on is actually a very good emoji for that. Cause that yes. Awesome. Our train enthusiast of the show, Railsea says connection check Greenheart job interviews have not worked out and there is much anger at a recruiter. Learn more, but becoming a member today by going to give relay.com. Smashing it in Duolingo currently on a 41 day streak, 42 by the end of today. Well done. Yeah. Our code monkey of the show. Douglas says green square delegated more work and trusting people to do what I've delegated to them so I can spend more time with family. Ooh, that's, that's a good, that's a good point there. Delegation only works if trust is established. Cause if you're sitting there constantly having to like micromanage the people that you've delegated, you just gave yourself more work. So it defeats the purpose of doing it. Truth. Our Oracle of the show. So says connection check. It's been so long since I've done one of these. I've forgotten when my last connection check was time to scrap everything and start again. Absolutely. I'm going to give you a green, whatever shape you want. Recycling doing a connection. You know what? That's great. Well done. You get a recycling symbol because it's going to get reused, but you got rid of it either way. It's true. It's true. You know how we love to check out new to do apps. And this episode of conduit is brought to you by back burner. Back burner is the to do app that helps you get things done in a friendly, informal, easy to use way. If you're tired of cluttered lists and overwhelming reminders, maybe you'll have one too many complex dependency lists and completion dates. Well, back for back burner is the fun and intuitive to do app that helps you manage your tasks with ease. It's effortless to create a task in back burner. Just double tap to create a card and instantly add your task to the stack. And you can sort through your tasks with intuitive card management. Swipe left to postpone a task, giving it a little more time to wait or swipe right to complete a task, marking it as done, which is very satisfying to do. Plus you can swipe up on a card to edit its details or swipe down to delete it. Now, we received a link to this two hours before we were recording this show, which is great because I was like, all right, well, let's let's find out what it's what it's got. And I must say, I am really vibing. Well, first, very, very first off. Love the conduit lore in the link. Like I got super excited because what does it say, Jay? It says you can do it your way. I was like, yes, yes, yes, I can. And I went on your terms. I love it. Like, that's so, so fun. And I like it's easy, but different. So it's not just like a reminders, you know, or like notes app or something like there's still something to it. So it kind of feels feels that tactile sensation. I'm very excited to like think about how I can do this. One of the things I kind of like the idea of. So it has a. What's a thing? Oh, my gosh, where you do it more than once. A repeat. Thank you. A repeat thing. I was thinking of possibly doing it like with recipes, like food items, like what do I want to eat today? Type of a thing like so I'm hoping. So from what I can tell, this app is pretty new. And what I would love to see is different stacks for this. So like I could have a stack for different connections that like I want to get done if I have an idea or different meals or something like this. Like I'm super excited to test this out. So join the free tier today to get up to 100 cards to tackle your daily to do's or subscribe for less than a penny a day. And you'll be able to unlock detailed descriptions for your cards, categorize your cards with tags for fast filtering and organizations, access the completed and deleted card decks, revisiting past accomplishments or restoring lost tasks, reactivate or permanently delete completed or deleted cards, giving you complete control over your task history. You can even shuffle cards to break the monotony and keep things feeling fresh. And more exciting new features are on their roadmap and coming soon. Backburner takes your privacy seriously. Your data is stored locally on your device and they don't collect or track anything you are doing with the app. Download Backburner, the to do app that helps you instead of pressuring you. Go now to yourbackburner.app slash conduit. Get it done in your time and on your terms with Backburner. You can't do it. Just go to yourbackburner.app slash conduit. Our thanks to Backburner for their support of this show and all of Relay FM. Switch on. Thanks. And one one last thing, I will be using this to keep track of my connections because it's like that perfect little like, oh, I need to do this. I need to do that. By the way, here was your connection. You should probably do that, too. And then I can be like, not right now and swipe it away. And then an hour before the show, I can go, wait, what was that again? What was my connection? So, Kathy, we recently did a systems check. So now it's time for a system. I'm kidding. No, we're not really doing another systems check, but I want to I wanted to kind of figure out kind of this this thing that we've been doing during October. You said you you made the attempt to do no spend October. My family has been doing no spend November, which I would say our no spend November was like, if you want to buy something, the answer was no. But like if something needed to be bought, like things were bought, we had to buy my daughter shoes because it got cold all of a sudden. And we're like, well, child needs boots. Yeah. So had to go out and buy boots. But as I've been thinking about this and also in the in the world where one of the most popular budgeting apps meant is shutting down, I've also been kind of in this realm of trying to get my finances in order and understanding where money is going, which when you're not spending any money, that's actually a really great time to do that because it gives you a baseline. It's like, OK, if we didn't spend any like extraneous funds, here's a good look at what we would have left. And I'm using an app called Buddy for that, which is another one of these budgeting apps. It does. You can link your bank to it and do all the other stuff. It doesn't allow you to import like Apple card purchases and stuff like that, but you can do manual expense tracking with it as well. And it does have this really cool feature where you have you can do like a rollover budget and you can also set your budget to weekly and biweekly, which is great for people who are like, yo, paycheck, not necessarily paycheck to paycheck, but like we budget based on our our pay periods. So that was that was really cool. And it's been great because I've been seeing, you know, as I've been categorizing and looking to see like, oh, hey, we spend this much money on food and this much money on our bills and this much money on subscriptions. Good Lord, so much money on subscriptions. Why do they keep going up? But like it also got me wanting to look at some other areas that might need kind of an indexing and an auditing. And before I jump into all the things that I'm doing, I was just wondering, Kathy, is there anything anything in your life, productivity systems, any of those things that you are thinking about or auditing or maybe trying to get more information on now? Yeah, so I used Mint a lot, and I was very disappointed that they were shutting down. But I have found Monarch, which works really well with how my brain thinks about like budgeting and money and that sort of thing. And so I was really excited. I pretty much immediately signed up for it. Obviously not doing the no spend November, even though I probably should take a look at that. And now that I have Monarch, I can I can see a little bit where I need to be more careful with that type of a thing. But I. Money and budgeting and auditing is really individualized for people. It can be difficult, depending on how your brain decides it wants to work. And I think finding something that works for you, just like getting stuff done and and other like processing things is important. Whatever you end up. Doing it, if it works, that's great. And I think money is something that's really, really personal and individualized, and not many people talk about it a lot. I actually I found some inspiration from some YouTube channels that like do that on their videos as part of their like monthly reset, is they discuss their budget, like their upcoming stuff and like what they're saving and stuff. And I'm just like, that's so. Like brave, almost like to be able to on the show. Yeah, like they they put their money out there. And like, that's not something that I would be comfortable doing. But the fact that like these people make their. Like. Their income from these types of videos, too, is just a little bit like, wow, you know what? That the world is pretty, pretty interesting how this can happen. Like this is their this is their job. And obviously they do things like make fancy spreadsheets that you can get for notion or for Google Sheets or whatever, which is fun. But like. I I almost am wondering, like if I so obviously not making it public, but going through the process as if I'm presenting it as like a business proposal type thing, like I'm doing it for somebody else. If that might work with my brain a little bit better, you know, this idea of helping somebody else, even if it's yourself type of a situation, I think that might be interesting. Yeah, that that is interesting. Just I'm kind of like you, where a world where one, I think any time you're any time you're talking about something that's that's very controversial, especially when you're in a in a kind of a I don't want to say like a give economy, but like a any type of job where a part of your income is based on people being giving towards you, which if I haven't mentioned, give relay dot com. It it is interesting to be able to look at that and even to. Even to look at it from the lens of are things worth doing, like I I will be transparent about one thing that I do make money off of, which is a newsletter that I've been doing for almost half a decade now for a client of mine. And, you know, I make. Forty five dollars a newsletter post for him, but also he makes hundreds of dollars off of his letter. And and the conversation was like, yeah, it's when you look at it from that perspective, it makes sense for him to pay me the money to do the newsletter that takes me 15 minutes. But also. Is that money worth it to me to do? And, you know, again, when I say 15 minutes, it's 15 minutes, but also like all of the mental drainage that comes of knowing that this is a thing that I have to do. So when my sister came in and said, hey, I'm looking into getting into marketing and I would love like a little bit of extra college money for me, it was like, oh, do I have the deal for you? Immediately, it was like, OK, I know that I could probably do like get away with not doing, you know, this little thing, because I do know where, you know, what my budget looks like. And this was often like buy new iPhone money for myself. But the importance of it meant more to to someone else than it did for me. So like being able to pass that on, I feel like if I didn't have some level of confidence that my finances would be OK without it, it would be much harder to give that up. Right. But I I definitely wonder as well, you know, as we as we talk about, you know, I joined the call today with like, oh, hey, there were 53 messages that that I had from the Relay FM switch on Discord. And, you know, that's good. That's actually really good. As busy as this community is, is as vibrant and active and live as this community is, it there were probably more. But I also just from taking an audit of like the 30 something Discord channels that I have, I literally have them organized based on how. Important it is to keep up with, plus how active it is. So like communities that I'm responsible for are very much at the top. Communities that I'm actively engaged in are right underneath that, which is where Relay FM shows up. And then like all of the other stuff where at the end of the day, if I don't jump in or say something or respond, nothing bad happens. Those get tucked away in a drawer that I don't have to think about them anymore. And yeah, it's it's interesting because I would sit there and look at these and be like, oh, oh, this isn't good. Oh, I'm letting these comments pop up in there. Like it's it's becoming a burden and it's making me anxious to to know that these channels exist and I'm not being active in them when I can now just go, no, this is the folder that I don't I don't have to read every single message that comes in. In fact, I can just click on the folder itself and market is red. But but again, I had to go through each and every single one of the 30 some odd Discord servers that I'm a part of and say how much value does this this give to me in like a very like KonMari light style? Yeah, I think it can be really difficult to look at your stuff and. Look at it with an outside eye. And yet it can be really helpful to to truly like get a good idea of kind of where you're at, what's going on, what's happening with your stuff in order to really like be realistic with yourself and be able to know what you can work on. Which can be helpful. Yeah, and and I love that an audit sounds horrible. Like it sounds like the most mundane, like I don't want to do this like task. That being said, I think being able to do quick audits, do small audits, like take an audit like I have a fountain pen collection. It's not an addict. Brad Doughty levels a fountain pen collection. I mean, yeah, that would take Brad a year and a half, according to him to to actually go through and be like, do I still value this pen like I did before? But for me, like the 10 or so very inexpensive fountain pens that I have. Just going through and looking at them and being like, I love we keep them in our living room. So now that we have guests that come over and they always look at them. And it gives me an excuse to do a quick audit and be like, oh, yeah, I have this one and I got this one here and this is why it's important to me. And, you know, there's two drawers and the ones that are just kind of like, oh, yeah, I also have this one. I don't really think about it that much. Those go in the drawer that are the not super like important to me, I guess. But then every once in a while, I'll find one of those pens and I go, you know what, I'm going to use that pen now. And so like doing these little baby audits are like a really cool way to find value where maybe value has been lost or maybe make a small decision of, you know what, I'm going to go back to this thing, which is interesting because. Both of us have left the world of to do is I got an email from to do is like today, say, saying, hey, we just added calendar support to to do it. And I was like, oh, and I had to like stop. And instead of just immediately jumping over, I like went into my my current digital file cabinet, which is things and look at it and go, how do I like how this is set up? How like do I like how this is set up? Is is there a reason why I would make the switch? And the answer was actually, no, like I'm fine where I am, because the reason I switched to things still hasn't been addressed by to do is, which is like, I just want to have my events like my calendar events right next to the tasks that I have. That way, when I'm planning, I can go, oh, I probably shouldn't do this today because I have seven other things that I'm already, you know, supposed to be doing. So it is really cool by just being like, OK, shiny object syndrome defeated by the knowledge, by the knowledge of like, I chose this thing for this reason, and that's why I chose it. But the only reason I was able to do that was because I decided to do a super small audit. Yeah. No, I love it. I think that's a really great thing, especially because it makes it less overwhelming. Like it's easy. It's something that you can do because it's like, oh, it's just here. So like having, especially as people's with ADHD, if it's out of sight, it's out of mind, or at least for myself. And so having it in a place that can be a constant like awareness of like, oh, yeah, yeah, I need to I need to I need to look at this. Like, this is something that needs to happen. Let me let me remember that this exists and and having it just be there to, you know, have your pen, your pens out for friends when they come over to talk about it is is a something like that is a really smart idea. Yeah. And and then I guess the the last little piece of it is the the big thing that I wanted to talk about in kind of the thing that inspired this topic was an active tool that I'm using now to not time track. I want to specify what I am doing is not time tracking. But you're just tracking the time. No, I'm not tracking the time. I'm like context tracking, which sure, whatever. It's not a it's not a designated thing or it's not a thing that was created. It OK. So long story short, I'm using timing. I've been using timing for years to just kind of collect information on what's happening on my computer. What am I doing? What websites, what apps, this stuff? And I mean, it's for me and me only. They recently announced this vertical activity manager that integrates with your calendar and also allows you to quickly look at a block of events that happened and then assign value to them. So if I'm looking right now, I could take the block that started at, you know, 1258 as action. I didn't 1258. Goodness. Do do do do do do do do do. According to this, it's saying 1230. I know it's a little bit later than that, but I could look at all of that and go. That's conduit time. And I can go in and I can just create a block that covers all of these things. And now all of the things that I did there were listed under conduit time. And then I know like, hey, that was all conduit time. Whereas with other tools such as Timory and things like that, you have to be doing it in the moment. I've learned with myself, I am really bad at doing it in the moment, but I'm also really bad at doing it later. So to have this layout, I'm able to do both. I'm able to have it automatically track what I was doing in the moment, but then quickly go back and have it look at the blocks that exist currently and go, oh, that's what I was doing then. This was all bundled during that time. I was doing this thing. Here's like this, this and this. It shows that cool. Now that I know that that's what I was doing, let me just add a little blurb about that. Cool. I have successfully logged my time and that makes the audit so much easier because now I'm not necessarily looking at the like less than one minute hyper context switching between different tabs in my like internet browser and like messages and Discord and then the browser again and then give Relay.com and then other websites on the browser and then other things. I can just go. That was all conduit time. And I know that I was doing conduit things. And if I want to go in and do a deeper dive, then I can. But if I were just looking and it said, hey, you spent five hours on the Internet today, I would go, you're right. I'm horrible. This sucks. Sad, you know, sad. Yeah. But not horrible. Right. But but that that's kind of the mentality like doing these audits and having tools that help you with these audits often help you prevent yourself from jarring yourself. Yeah. It's like, oh, no, you weren't just wasting time on the Internet. You were actually recording a podcast. You were or you were doing this thing for work that you had to do. Sure, there was some watching cat videos involved there. But in reality, it was only five minutes out of these, like this six hour time block, whereas our brain would like to inflate that and make it more than it was. Right. And and make it so that you forget how much work you actually got done because you were distracted by how much the cat videos, how many cat videos you watched. Right. Oh, so I guess as we get ready to wrap up, did did is there anything that I missed on this? I think so. I think that this idea of just like. Being aware of what. You need done. Like where where is an area of life that you are ready to kind of audit? And I think like having having the opportunity to find a tool that helps you with that auditing, I think is really helpful. I think it's a it's an option to like. You know, whatever whatever that tool is, being able to do review kind of what's going on and how you can make maybe make better choices or or do options that can make your life better, easier, happier, not necessarily just more productive, but also maybe more productive. Like all of that is, I think, really, really special to think about. Yeah, I also think in some ways doing our connections are a kind of way to quick audit ourselves. Like, hey, oh, absolutely. Like, here's this thing that maybe I've been putting off. Here's this thing that I really, really need to get done. Like, what is the priority? Like, I feel like trying to be productive is is hard enough as it is. And in this moment, saying like, OK, life audit quickly. What's the most important thing to get done in the next two weeks? Is such a a fast way to just be like, am I in touch with what's going on? Because there have absolutely been times where and I'm not stalling, I promise. There have there been absolute times where I'm like, I don't know what is the most important thing to do in the next two weeks, or I don't know what I've been holding on to or putting off for some weird reason for the last, you know, for months. That being said, Kathy, I do have a connection for next week, but do you? I am going to say that my connection is to set up my new desk. Set up the desk. Be here Friday. I like it. And you can't you can't do work without a desk. It's true. You can't sit and stand without a sit stand desk. It's definitely impossible to work from your couch with two dogs on top of you. Like the photo I sent to you before recording, because my dogs are being very needy today. So as soon as we're done recording, I will be working from my couch and. And having the dogs on my lap. Yeah. So for me, I am. Oh, wait, hold on. I got to get our sponsor back burner out. Let's see. My connection is going to be clean up my office floor. Copycat. I mean, you're not wrong. I stole it from you, but. It it was it was definitely a moment of like, oh, you were able to see the floor. I have a bunch of stuff sitting on my floor right now that needs to also be cleaned up. And it is important because I also need to find a home for it because we're bringing in the the the tree that we. Oh, yeah. So and then once once the tree is when we put it away, we're putting it away upstairs in my office. Put away, put it away, put it away, put it away now. Oh, wow. You're welcome. It's a red hot chili pepper tree. But yeah, I have to I basically have to make sure that I put stuff away, but I put stuff away in in a way that I can still get our Christmas tree into the crawl space that I have, which is like also the storage for a lot of equipment that I don't use. Yeah. Yeah, that's a good plan. Also, I didn't tell you or no, I'll tell you. I'll tell you personal stuff in the after show. Yeah. Is it to visit? I am a superconductor dot com if you are listening to this podcast, not live. And you can get access to the pre and post show banter or give relay dot com or give relay dot com. Yeah. Yeah. Also, we have conductor connections like our soprano of the show, Devo, that's as get my Christmas card address list finalized and get the cards ordered. Oh, Christmas cards are just the thing that I've just historically not done. And yeah, I think that trend's going to continue this year. Yeah. Listen, if I was the type of person to send out Christmas cards, you would be on my list. But I am not that person. I send you a virtual card via iMessage that is just me saying, hey, happy holiday. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Our artists of the show Carly's new connection. I'm going to try again, but this time do a minimum of one job per weekday. Well done. Yes. Very good idea. Our identical twin of the show, Aaron, says, though I'm in some of the best shape I've in a way to brag about it. I want to reduce my sugar intake. Self-control. Wow. My voice cracked trying to say self-control because it was like, not you. Self-control when I have sweets or salty snacks around can be not great. Looking to target not buying any sugary snacks over the next four night. Substitute with fruits, nuts, etc. Sounds like you're having a no no snack December. But no, I think that's that's awesome. More power to you. I will be buying Christmas greasy cups, because yes, because the tree, the trees shapes are the best recess. We're probably not helping Aaron right now. No, we're not. But that's OK. Moving on, our nameless of the show, Nameless says, finish my systems check, start wrapping gifts as they get delivered and put them under the tree. And the panda of the show, who's in the chat? Hi, James. James says, time to switch into ex-miss mode. Who is that? Brr. Does does a does a bald person in a wheelchair come out and like summon you or assemble you and then as you start walking around the house, you're like, did it? Did it? Did it? Did it? Anyway, this may include starting to open the dice advent calendar, which has been hand created for me as we previously discussed. I know, but he didn't know because he wasn't in the chat. Well, we were discussing it. There were lots of good things said, but I also need to sort out presents in general and not leave it to the last minute again. You know, they say it's the thought that counts. And if I didn't get you a present, that didn't mean that I didn't think about you. Sure. It's very true. Very, very true. Our shark of the show, Chris, says my connection for next time while I'm on vacation is to clean out my garage enough to be able to put our car away. I haven't been able to do so for six months, and I would like to get it inside before the possible snow comes. That's smart. Very good. Our Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica says, survived the six ish podcast I have scheduled over the next four. Erica. Some never learn and save some energy for fun at the annual Smooch Holiday Bingo podcast recording. I'm glad Smooch is all capitalized because that makes me feel like it's a thing that is OK to go to. Yes. So for anyone that doesn't know, Agents of Smooch is a podcast on the Incomparable Network where we discuss romance in movies and books and TV shows and games and whatnot. And one of the things that we do is celebrate Christmas Hallmark movies, Hallmark style movies. So the Netflix and whatever Christmas movies with a bingo card. And it's things like, uh, you know, opportunity like maybe losing your job or, you know, goes home to a small town or fake snow or whatever. And it's a way fun way to watch a terrible movie or a great movie. Like, no, not all of them are bad movies, but some of them definitely are. Not all of them are bad movies, but that one is. Well, the one that we watched for a commentary was very bad. Do not watch best Christmas dot ever. You would think with Brandi Norwood and Jason Biggs and Heather Graham, it'd be a great movie. You would be wrong. I mean, no, you didn't say anything there that motivated me to go watch it. No, that's good, because don't watch it. Please don't watch it. Although I did get a bingo like halfway through, which was great. Moving on to our fish bearer of the show. Oh, it's your turn. Is it? Oh, yeah, it is. Ha ha ha ha ha. Ah, moving on to our fish bearer of the show, Fishy Kai. This time of year is always the busiest and it's easy to lose track of basic things. My connection is to make a consistent time for sleep. Good plan. Very good plan. I approve. Amazing plan. Our tire advocate at the show, Chinta, says put a meal plan and shopping list together for seven extra people. Goodness. Oh, I almost cursed. Who? Seven people. OK, yes. Staying with them. Not just for a meal. Staying with them. Oh, oh, I'm tired. I'm tired. I need a tire advocate. Ha ha ha ha. Are you going to finish? Oh, yeah, no, they were staying with them over Christmas. Yeah, you're right. You can do it. Yeah. Well, what? All that. Good luck. All right. Our pathologist of the show, Laura, says schedule time, probably co-working this week to make sure I'm happy with the system I have. And it's only as complicated as it absolutely needs to be. Yes. Good. Good plan. And what? Wait, what happened? Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Our mountain dweller. Of the show, Logang says. Put the snow tires on the car. OK, so now I know we're absolutely not the same person because there is no way this is why I can't live in a cold like that cold of an area, because you're asking me to change tires. No, I mean, I can. I won't. But I can. Listen, it could be that he's taking it to his local less swab to get the tires swapped. You never know. What is the less? Oh, sorry. It's a it's a local like tire company. OK, our large fry of the show, Justin, says rock on. Wife and I have our purse. Wait, no, no, no, no. I forgot to delete it. Never mind. Moving on, our train enthusiast of the show, Railsie says time is not being focused. And so while things are being done, it's not being as effective as it could be. So very simple things. Get a to do system going. Get organizing my time with a proper sleep schedule and work schedule. Dedicate specific time to do a lingo and keep that streak going. OK, listen, there are four. Things in this quote unquote very simple things. So I want you to know. To like take it, take a take a moment to breathe and process process on. And no, Justin, you didn't do something wrong. I you didn't have a new connection yet. So I said I forgot to delete that row. But if you want to throw one into the chat right now, we can read it here shortly. Yeah. For you. I would suggest Railsie give give our lovely sponsor backburner a try. If if if anything, hear me out. Put all of the things that you got going on in backburner and then go through the stack and tackle them like you don't have to do them. But like even if you're using it as your way to like quick, rapid triage stuff, put all that stuff in there and then figure out what to do with it later, because now you have it somewhere and you can look at them on a one to one basis and give them like the attention that they deserve. And by the way, I don't know how much we talked about this enough. Backburner is free to try like you can do 100 cards. So we've talked about doing like brain dumping. To me, backburner is going to be the app for brain dumping because I can add all the stuff in there really quick and then go through it one by one and give it the attention that it deserves. And then if I decide that it needs to stay there, cool or move it somewhere else. OK, that's that that's enough of that. The website that they gave us back was it backburner. Wait, your backburner and your backburner dot app slash conduit. OK, then we have our guinea pig of the show, Cairo, who says. Nothing, because this also was not removed. Yes, it was. Oh, first time connection for the next. Oh, my gosh. Read, read. I don't know how. I know. It's fine. Our guinea pig of the show, Cairo says first connection for the next time is to do at least an hour of jobby job work every day. I've been having a hard time on the current project, and I just need to build up a bit of consistency, feeling super proud of finally being brave enough to submit a connection after listening from the start. Whoa, that's awesome. I am so excited and proud, even though I did zero to contribute to this other than show up and do this show. But like. I love that you're you're committing to an hour of jobby job work. If I were being honest, I should probably have the exact same connection. So I'm super excited. I'm so we're so happy you're here, Carol. Our code Mucky of the show, Douglas says, learn Spanish in time for my anniversary trip in January. OK. I have many questions about this connection. Like how much learning do you need to do? Are you like you learned it in high school and you need to like redo it? Are you almost fluent? Have you never done any Spanish before? I have some concerns, but that's OK. I believe in you. This connection can last until January. This is great. Good luck. But also, I'm scared. Yeah. There's a core. There's an app that maybe I would check out. I think it's called Babel. Yeah, it is called Babel. They're not a sponsor. I have not used them, so I will specifically like specify that. But the thing I remember about Babel that I thought was super interesting was that they try to teach you, quote unquote, conversational English or conversational Spanish. Sorry, they do Spanish, French, Italian, German, Danish, Indonesian, Dutch, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Swedish and Turkish. Spanish being the first one on there. And you can you can actually tell it like I need it for an upcoming trip. So it'll it'll cater like the learning session specifically for like that style of learning. Like you're not going to learn everything, but you'll be able to learn how to order food, how to get directions and stuff if you need to. Kind of like a focused course. And it's Babel.com. Again, they're not a sponsor. I've just listened to enough podcasts to have them like I've heard of it so many times. And the the ad is like running through my head. So I'm like, oh, yeah, you could totally use this because podcasting, it's it's a thing. All right. Well, real time follow up, Douglas says that he's got enough knowledge to be dangerous. So enough to be able to get around for two weeks is is helpful. So like that's that's awesome. I'm excited. Very, very, very, very cool. While doing all of that hunting for stuff, I lost my place. And our Oracle of the show, Sof says, I've been really sick for about a month. Oh, no. Most recently with Covid, which kicked my my butt. So I'm going to take it very slowly for the next fortnight. Goals are to take regular showers, eat regular meals and drink regular water. Oh, no. Drink lots of water regularly. I think I can just manage about that. Absolutely. Having I don't know if you've noticed, my energy level is a little bit lower. My voice is a little scratchier. It's that time of year where I might have to get a guest co-host to come in because my voice likes to disappear randomly. But yeah, please, please, please, please, please make sure again, auditing of life, this connection totally valid because getting better is probably the most important thing that can be done right now. Yes. And our last connection of the episode is from our large fry of the show, Justin. With my free time that isn't meant for chores, I want to stick with the mentality of doing what I want to do, not what I think I should be doing instead. Yes, taking some time to enjoy yourself and your mind and your brain and all of that. Good, good, good plan. I love it. If you'd like to submit a connection, you can do so in the relay discord in the hashtag show follow up by starting your message with a conduit emoji and putting your connection after. You can also submit via feedback by clicking the link in the show notes or using the submit feedback button at relay dot FM slash conduit. And also visit. I'm a superconductor to become a member today to get access to the pre and post show banter, an ad free episode and a co-working session in the off weeks with Kathy and Jay. Kathy, what are we doing for the post show today? I'm going to talk about how awesome my kid is for a little bit. And in that, I am also going to maybe find a quiz that we can do. I mean, I think we can just talk about how awesome your kid is. OK, that's cool with that. Super fun. And that is letter I, letter M, letter A superconductor dot com to become a member today. Also, you can go to give relay dot com. Save yourself 20 percent by signing up for an annual subscription with the give relay dot com discount that we have. And lastly, check out you can wear it dot com for some great merch. And thank you to Backburner for sponsoring this week's episode. Kathy, did we do it? Heck yeah, we can do it.