---
description: "Jay and Kathy talk about themes, reflections, perspectives and motivations
  in preparation for the new year. \r\n\r\nIt's been a magnificent year for the hosts
  and we hope to make 2024 even better. "
pub_date: December 28th, 2023
title: '65: Embracing the Chaos being Toxic and Positive'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/65
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we can do our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that wishes you a happy new year. This episode is brought to you by Backburner. I'm Kathy and with me today is the hostess with the mostest, Jay Miller. Hi Jay. And all the Clintons be forgot that it's conduit time. All the Clintons be forgot? Why are we forgetting the Clintons? If all the Clintons be forgot, then it's 1999. Nice, nice, nice. Well done. That's brilliant. What did we? Hi, I'm back. Hawaii was fantastic. I missed, I missed, I missed y'all. I missed recording this show. What happened last week in the coworking, Jay? So in the coworking space, we just kind of just chatted. Honestly, I felt like it was more water cooler time than coworking time. But hey, sometimes you just got to have those water cooler moments. Kathy had some issues. Yeah, that's normal. There were some notification issues. There were some job stuff. There's planning stuff. I'm so excited for next year. We talked about a lot of stuff that's going to happen next year. And if you want to learn more about that, or if you just want to come hang out with us, then yeah, you should become a superconductor and do that. I agree. And one of the other benefits of becoming a superconductor or a member in general is the Discord, which everyone celebrated the holidays by beautiful chaos. And it was wonderful, glorious. My favorite part was in hashtag wholesome, where everyone was posting pictures of their animals celebrating the holidays, enjoying boxes if they were cats. And it was just very sweet. And it's one of my favorite, favorite channels. When the world gets overwhelming, you can just enjoy yourself with some animals. So if any of this sounds like fun, you can visit I am a superconductor dot com to become a member today. That's letter I, letter M, letter A, superconductor dot com. And the URL just got renewed from hover. So happy anniversary to the URL, I guess. I think that means it's around the anniversary of when we launched the superconductor program. It's been like one year, two years. I don't know. I don't even know. What is time? Either way, we appreciate you and appreciate us. I'm not sure, but I think we're are we going to hit 100 episodes next year? Probably. How does math work? Conduit hundo? So there's 52 weeks in a year. Okay, no, no, no, no. So it's only 26. Ah, boo. No, no, two years. Well, y'all know what to do. We'll hit 75. All we need is about like 100 more people to become superconductors directly to us. And then we can from there move the show to weekly. Did I say 100? I meant 300. 300 more people. Wow, you are setting some expectations. Yeah, 300. I feel like I feel like 100 is actually attainable in the next few months. So we're going to say 300. We want to. We really don't want to. Right. We would love to, but we don't want to, if that makes sense. So I love that for us. I love that for us. So it's time for some shout outs. And my biggest shout out is for Jesse Grossjean for supporting Jay last conduit and being an incredible host. And I thought it was a really great conversation. And I'm sorry that I wasn't here to help you with the connections, but you did a great job reading. Oh my goodness. So many. Such a good problem to have. I love all your faces. You all are amazing. But at the same time, I had to I had to take my inhaler after that. It was kind of ridiculous. Oh, sad. Do you have any shout outs? I know you didn't write any down. So Javier, feel free to exit. Exit. Wow. Delete this. Delete this question. I don't know if you want to drop anything. No, I don't have any shout outs. I'm glad that my my co-host with the most is back. And I'm I'm just I don't know. Shout out to 2023. I'm not going to say it like it was it was a solid year. Like looking back and we'll talk about it later. But like a lot of stuff happened for me in 2023 that that made it nice. But then like also, I'm sure I'm sure next year is going to be a lot, maybe a lot more in the world of conduit. You know, we say maybe maybe a lot less, which will help us be more maintainable. But you know, who knows? Like, I'm just I'm excited for next year in general. And I always know that sounded really ominous. It's like conduits like moving the month. No, no, no, nothing's changing. Nothing's changing with conduit. But like, personally, I'm doing a lot and I'm trying to do a lot less, which I think ties into my connection. Yeah. Yeah. Speaking of connections, connection chap. Yeah. How do you do, Jay? This is the first day in four days that I've touched my computer. I will throw an asterisk in that and that I did use my computer to watch the football game. But like it was it could have been any screen. It was just it was the closest one. And I didn't do anything outside of going to our streaming platform of choice and like watching the game. That totally counts. Yeah. Yeah. So big green checkmark for you. What about you, Kathy? I redid my connection from two conduits ago to set up my desk. And I did set up my desk. I am desking. I'm wow. I'm recording right now from my set stand desk. However, I think the legs are broken and I currently have a warranty thing open because it's wobbly even though the feet are level and the the desk is attached. Like it feels wobbly wobbly. But what do you do? It feels wobbly in the actual legs itself. So that's fun. So I'm not definitely not standing with it as much as I would like because it's even wobbly in the sit position, which I don't love. But I am enjoying it when I do put it on the stand. So I've had a couple meetings like that where it was on stand mode. And that was nice. Considering the the gift that the conduit superconductors gave me this year, maybe I can help fix the wobbliness. I appreciate that. However, it's a uplift warranty department. Oh, yeah. No, no. Forget that. Take care of this. Yeah, no, yeah, no. This is a requirement. How did our superconductor or no, how did our conductors do? I mean, some of them are super. That's true. I don't think that's right. It's not a super. Yeah. Capital S. Yeah, it's not a requirement, but also our pathologists of the show. Laura said Greenheart got to Scotland for my vacation and even spent some time. Wait, what? Spent. Oh, of my slow relaxing time, I thought it said spent some time of my show. Even spent some of my slow relaxing time giving thought to a simpler system to try out in the new year. I hope that I hope that that's a recurring thing after the conversation we had with Jesse again, just so amazing that his whole process is like as simple as possible. Simple is good. Our panda of the show, James, has connection check green weird fish. If you want to make the oh, gosh, hold on. I got to sneeze. Don't sneeze watermelon. Connection check green weird fish. If you want to make the gods of productivity laugh, tell them your plans. Last time I said I was anxious about going to a party in a pub because I didn't want to catch anything and ruin Christmas. Turns out I had already caught Covid when I typed that. No idea how. I've spent the last fortnight in solo quarantine, if being well looked after and missed every single social event of the season, including Christmas Day itself. Feeling much better. Well, let's hope that you get some negativity in your life soon. Yes, please get well soon. Also, another person needs to get well soon. Our fish bearer of the show, Fishy Kai says being slightly sick makes sleep a higher priority than it might usually be. I did all right. Yes, get get better. Yes, our code monkey, our code monkey, is a little bit more of a fish. I think that's a good point. Yes, our code monkey, our code monkey of the show, Douglas, is also getting over being sick and has a yellow square. Y'all better not get me sick. And get nothing done but laying in bed and eking out work. I think that sounds like a success in that you are still around and we appreciate that you're here and healthy. Please don't give us a virus. Is that how you spell eking with just one E? I don't know. Like, there might be a C in there, I think. I don't know. We can figure it. We knew what it meant. Spelling don't matter. Listen, it's not underlined with red, so it sounds like it might work, right? I learned something new today. I don't know. Our identical twin of the show, Aaron, says, yellow circle, holidays have been nice and relaxing and a relaxing time with the family. Though the day I arrived, I started having a stuff nose. I hate all of you right now. Don't get me sick. It feels like a cold, but still hoping I don't make my family sick. Or Jay. I hope I don't make Jay sick either. Yep. Yep. Our Canadian trivia card enthusiast at the show, connection check, red rose. Red because I didn't organize anything, but it's a rose because I took time to stop and smell the roses. I forced myself to relax on my free days, which was probably wiser. I think that sounds absolutely perfect. You did a great job. You know, taking taking a break. Our shark of the show, one pair of shoes says, my connection was to clean out my garage and not to be able to put in a second pair of shoes, I'm kidding, to put in a car before it snows. Made progress on this one before the holiday. And then the family got sick. Oh, no. Here it comes. It's going to happen, Kathy. I'm hyperventilating already. You're fine. You're fine. Because our train train enthusiast of the show, Railsie says connection check a green Christmas tree. Sleep is so thank you. Sleep is being actually allocated. Days have been planned and done. New cortex yearly theme blog post written and uploaded ended up having a moment where I gave up on duo and the streak reset. But that's OK. Like the the the streak reset. You're not a failure. You're doing fantastic. Also, the theme yearly theme blog post is linked in hashtag self promotion. And if we remember, we'll put it in the show notes, too. I was going to say, I want to read it because I never mind. We'll talk about that later. Spoilers. And then our Oracle of the show. So I almost had our Oracle enthusiasts. So says Yellow Heart, I didn't get as much of the chapter written as I'd planned. I forgot how tiring Christmas would get, but I got some of it drafted. Well, way to go. Nice. That's amazing. And possibly Emma is going to do a blog post, but it looks like it might be too late. So that's OK. We'll we'll get the next upcoming connection, at least. This episode of Conduit is brought to you by Backburner. Backburner is the to do app that helps you get things done in a friendly, informal, easy to use way. If you're tired of cluttered lists and overwhelming reminders, maybe you have one too many complex dependency lists and completion dates. Well, Backburner is the fun and intuitive to do app that helps you manage your tasks with ease. It's effortless to create a task in Backburner. Just double tap to create a card and instantly add your task to the stack. And you can sort through your tasks with intuitive card management. Swipe left to postpone a task, giving it a little more time to wait or swipe right to complete a task, marking it as done, which is very satisfying to do. Plus, you can swipe up on a card to edit its details or swipe down to delete it. So I had not I had reset my app, like deleted the cards that I put. And when I went in today to double check and like play around with it for the ad read, there was an update to how it was kind of situated. And they built in a variety of additional cards. So right now I'm looking at one that says, take a nap. Most people do not get enough sleep if you feel a little tired or out of sorts. Even a 20 minute nap can make a huge difference. Then if I swipe left on that, it says reach out to someone you care about. Basically, this is has become kind of the default like reminder to take care of yourself and take care of others. And I love that. I love that for us. I love that for me. I love that for the creator of Backburner. Absolutely. And I will say I've been using Backburner to manage my connection. So I have it on my home screen. And when I tap it, my connection is there. And I can quickly be like, oh, yeah, I need to go do that thing. If I did have one suggestion, maybe make the top card of widget on my home screen. Oh, that would be that would be the thing of like up next. You got to do this thing. And that would be like my instant reminder. That way I could just tap it, swipe it and move on back to doing the things that I keep swiping left on, like calling my family. So. Oh, it's great. And there is a new search feature as well, which could be really helpful. Join the free tier today to get up to 100 cards to tackle your daily to do's or subscribe for less than a penny a day. And you'll be able to unlock detailed descriptions for your cards, categorize your cards with tags for fast filtering and organization or the ability to use a variety of recipes. Take care of yourself, connections, et cetera. Access the completed and deleted card decks, revisiting past accomplishments or restoring lost tasks, reactivate or permanently delete completed or deleted cards, giving you complete control over your task history. You can even shuffle cards to break the monotony and keep things feeling fresh. And more exciting new features are on the road map and coming soon. Backburner also takes your privacy privacy very seriously. Your data is stored locally on your device and they don't collect or track anything you are doing with the app. Download Backburner, the to do app that helps you instead of pressuring you. Go now to your backburner.app slash conduit. Get it done in your time and on your terms with Backburner. Your backburner.app slash conduit. Our thanks to Backburner for their support of this show and all of Relay FM. Thanks. Are you not doing the thing? No, I've given up. All right. That's you know, come on. Can I get one more for the year? Can we finish out the year strong and then you can say never mind. OK, so what Kathy is is speaking of is I used to say thank you in a different language or I would say thanks in a different language. For reasons that I can't say yet, I am going to do it in Finnish and I will say you're going to finish strong. Oh, there we go. I'm going to say Kittos. I probably destroyed that and I'm sorry if I did, but but yes, yes, thank you. Amazing, amazing. All right, Jay. So this is the last episode of twenty twenty three. Yeah. It's been a good ride. Oh, wait, no, no, no, no. Wait, no, don't be like that. Oh, my gosh. And that that means that it's it's time for me, at least, to do my discussion of four of four. Wow, I'm doing so good right now. My words are great. This is what happens when I take a break. Doing great. Like my brain just is like how how podcasting? I don't know. Clearly. So anyone that's listened to one of our end of year episodes knows, Jay, that you don't believe in the truth of a yearly theme, correct? Boo, yes, boo. Trouble maker is is what we like to call you. But for for our new listeners are potentially new listeners. Why are you a Scrooge when it comes to yearly things? Well, it's because I'm a Grinch at heart. Like, I mean, my favorite Christmas story is The Grinch. Although actually, we talked about this during our our co-working session. Like The Grinch is the best movie if it stops when they're at like the top of the hill and he hears the singing and just lets it drop. It's because, well, solves two problems today and like moves on with his life. But I so I will say I'm not a fan of the New Year's resolution either. The being someone who has a lot of anxiety and, you know, deals with things like ADHD. I have learned and a part of this is why Conduit is the show that it is, is that I've learned that if I just go with the flow, it's easier for me to look back and reflect than it is for me to try to guide or steer. I'm like the person you don't want, captaining any type of boat like we're going to go wherever we go, wherever the wind takes us. That's where we're going. I'm not steering this ship. But I think that themes while great, we run the risk of preventing something that could have been truly transformational from happening. If I'm already in a position where I don't want that thing to happen or I don't want that, I don't want to be in that position or I don't want to put myself in that position and I'm actively working against it because of some other ideal that I've had for what my perfect year will be, then I would have lost so many opportunities, including one that was like to start a conduit, you know, to do a random show because, you know, two friends were kind of both in the spirit of it would be really cool to do a show. But if we're going to do it, we're going to do it the right way. We're going to do it this other way. Had I been like, no, it's the year of personal reflection. I would be like, I don't have time for a podcast. What are you doing? So I just personally like to lean in on just the spontaneity of things and let life hit me and make sure that I'm still standing at the end and I'm able to maybe punch back a few times. I mean, it's valid, but also you're wrong. That's fine. Yeah, perfectly fine. Mainly because I'm looking at this and the year that we started conduit was my year to bloom. And it was probably my most successful year to like yearly theme to date in that I did a concentration on things that were kind of scary, looking at things to kind of like solidify and be not be afraid to be seen and not be afraid to kind of stand out and to bloom and blossom. And that's why I felt brave enough to do a conduit amongst other things. So yeah, that like that that yes, I disagree in your reason why not to do a theme, but that's also because I do do a yearly theme. So like it works out, you know, it all makes sense. I want to address one comment. Our super amazing relay FM archivist and the official historian, sorry, our owl of the show. I was I was trying to find it. I got you. Kate mentions or said, I'm glad your system works for you. Don't get me wrong. It's a terrible way to live. It does not work. It's just the alternative, which I will say I have tried. I have tried to do a yearly theme that didn't work either. So it was like, well, I'll go with the I'll go with embracing the chaos. That's a that's a choice. Yeah. Yeah. I live my life one quarter mile at a time. It's all about family. Fun fact, I started watching Fast and the Furious. Why? First time. That's so unnecessary. I'm I'm. No, it was like I did it while I was watching Mini Soup ice skating with a friend. And so like it was it was great. I sat and cross stitched and watched them ice skate until they got too cold. And we left and it was a great birthday present for one of their friends. So that was fun. And the Fast and Furious, the first, I don't know, 45 minutes of it is an entertaining movie. Although I did watch Fast and Furious first before I was like, wait a second. This is not the right one, because let me tell you, the naming conventions, very difficult. Very difficult and confusing if you have no idea what's going on. Yes, yes, yes. Yeah. So really quick, I know you have been someone who is very into the yearly theme. And we were talking about this at during the pre show that you are or that I like to do this, like reflecting on the end of the year. Can I ask you how you did with keeping up with your theme this year? Yeah. So 2023 was the year of balance. And it was concentrating on like my ability to balance my body, to balance my diet, to balance my business, to balance my finances, to balance my friendships and to balance my home. I am going to say it's a success because I worked on all of that and it was like a present thought in my mind. Obviously, none of it is, you know, it's perfect. And I think that's the reason that I enjoy the thing, the yearly theme is that there's no true end point. Like you're not like, OK, I did this, I can check it off. Whereas, you know, if your goal of the, you know, your New Year's resolution is to lose 10 pounds, which is a terrible idea or a goal or whatever, like you can just check it off. And then it's like, oh, now what? Whereas, like by having a yearly theme, it's just kind of a reminder of what you're doing and what to kind of concentrate on. And so obviously it was not perfect, but it was nice to be able to have just a sentence, the year balance to kind of, OK, if I'm feeling lost, if I'm feeling crushed, if I'm feeling down or whatever, this is what I want to concentrate on. And Ramon has a really good reminder, too. It doesn't have to be a whole year. It can be, you know, quarters. It can be a month. It's kind of like the conduits that we do, the connections, you know, little micro concentrations, maybe not that much. But basically just like, oh, yeah, sorry, seasonal, not quarterly. Forgive me for using the wrong terminology. But basically, it's just kind of an idea of how to easily keep on track with goals without having specific goals, if that makes sense. Yeah, I think it makes sense. I don't know. This year, you know, I wax poetic about it at the beginning. And I'm like, I moved across the country. I like didn't travel nearly as much, but I started an international community and like all these other things. I don't even know what that year would be. It'd be the year of like getting off my butt and doing stuff, which was like the year before where I got off my butt and did stuff. So, I don't know. I feel like it's to me, a lot of this goes into that realm of sleep tracking. I think some of it is good, but to like what effect? And I opened up one of my favorite apps and I believe they were a previous sponsor. Maybe they weren't. I know they've sponsored some of the other shows on Relay. But Timing, big fan of Timing. We've talked about it in previous episodes, like I think a couple of episodes ago even. And I looked at like for the year and the only detail that I got out of it was I spent almost as much time watching YouTube videos than I did on all other web traffic. Yeah. And I mean that can be helpful in being like, are you happy with that? Do you feel like you're watching too much YouTube and you want to make an adjustment? That's kind of like, why are you tracking? Why are you looking at this stuff? So I track my sleep with auto sleep and I look at that not as a, oh, this is how good or bad I'm doing with sleep or whatever, but more of, okay, I'm feeling really tired. Why is that? I'm like, oh, because I only got 20 minutes of deep sleep. That makes sense. What can I maybe do to just, not necessarily, it's not going to change my situation, but it is going to help me give myself a little bit of permission to be tired, I guess, if that makes sense. And so kind of like, along the same lines, having a yearly theme allows me to almost give myself permission to make choices that might be scary or make choices that I might, like, I need a little bit of motivation to be able to make, to make the changes to my life to help me be a happier, better, yes, more productive, but like, I want to be the best version of myself. And that's why the whole idea of yearly themes really helps. But also I need to, I have to, in order to remind myself of it, I need to make sure that like, it's prominent, so I don't forget it, if that makes sense, because my ADHD brain ignores the existence of things if it's not constantly in my face. Oh, 100%. Yeah. So what does it look like to you? Yeah. So what does it look like for next year? Yeah, so my 2024 yearly theme is the Year of Joy. I am going to be spending time with people that bring me joy and choosing to not spend time with people that don't. Well, it's been a good show, everyone. Yep. I am going to be working with people and clients and projects that bring me joy, not necessarily, oh, this is something that brings me the most money or whatnot, but I want to enjoy the people that I'm working with and feel like I'm bringing them forward in ways that give me joy about. I am going to be okay with the hard things and try and work on acknowledging joy in the midst of those hard things, but not have a level of toxic positivity, because that's really hard to like, if you're not aware of toxic positivity can be really toxic. And positive. Funny and positive. So like being okay with acknowledging the fact that something can have some joy in it without it being a good situation, if that makes sense. I want to remind myself daily of what brings me joy. So I want to do a little bit more of more solid gratitude and like reminders of this is what the day was, like what brought me joy today type of a thing. I want to find some creative outlets that bring me joy. I might get back into making TikToks. I know, I know, weird. But like something creative that brings me some joy and not just my cross stitch. And then I also, I want to make sure that I'm sharing these joyful moments. It's not bragging if a good thing happens. It's not bragging asking to be seen. It's a good thing. It's okay to be joyful and to share those moments. Speaking of TikToks, there's a TikTok that I'm going to post in the show notes and I'm posting it in the live stream chat as well that I received that it hit my algorithm last summer. And literally the next day is when I was invited to Prague. And it's this idea of being seen and that it's okay to be seen by whatever public in the world, et cetera. And like, it's okay to be scared and nervous about that, but it's also like good to be proud of what you're doing and where you're at and what's going on. And so it's a TikTok that's constantly like in my repertoire. I have it in a text expander snippet because I need to be reminded of it sometimes. And so that's kind of where my theme is at. It's not like a hundred percent solid. I need to, you know, I get to make some printables to put up on the wall so that I can be reminded visually of what's going on. But yeah, I'm looking for some more joy in my life. And it's been a good year. It's been a rough year. It's been an interesting year. And I'm ready to kind of keep track of the joy in the year. And so I might need reminders from you amazing conductors to remember the joy, remember the good things, keep track of those and not just let it exist and then move on because I have a really hard time sometimes giving myself permission to be like reminded of the good things that happened and to find that joy. Yeah. Can I? Yes. Okay. No. No. Yes. Please. Please do. I want to throw out what sounds like a contradicting opinion, but is in support of what you're saying. Okay. Remember in the like seeking joy that in seeking it and seeking the like, Hey, you're valid. You already are. And a lot of the joy that you bring to others, I think there's something to say about like finding joy in that. Like you're so, you're such a positive force like in this community, but also period, like there's, period. Like there's, there's never a moment where I get on a call with Kathy and I worry about whether or not I'm going to feel better. You know, just there, there have been times where I've called Kathy. I was like, Kathy, I need you to like yell at me. Kathy's like, I refuse to do so. But I will give you the stern talking to that you need. And like, I know that I'm not the only person on this planet that feels that way. Lord, there's enough heartbeats in your house to prove that already. But like, like I said, all that to say is I want you to receive the joy that you were searching for, but I also want you to realize that you provide so much of that joy to so many people that I would, I would hate for that not to weigh in on the joy that you bring to yourself. Thank you for that. I think that that's another part of it is to A, acknowledge what I bring to others and B, be okay asking for that. So I don't know if like, I don't know what that looks like, but to be okay with a, hey, I'm having a bad day, tell me something good about me type of a situation. So not necessarily external validation because I don't, I am addicted to external validation, especially in my business. Words of affirmation is my love language when it comes to like the business that I do and the work that I do. And I don't necessarily want to be all, hey, tell me why I'm awesome. But also I think I need to be more okay with getting good feedback or like, hey, tell me, tell me what you love about me, which is weird. But again, that kind of hits that last, that last bit of like these, these joyful moments. And it's not bragging. It's not selfish to ask for support. It's not, it's not a bad thing to have friends and people that are willing to support you in ways that you might need. So maybe I'll come up with like an emoji that if I post it somewhere, so people are like, okay, here's why we love you. But that would be weird. So maybe not that, but I'll figure something out. I'll figure something out. But yeah, I know that I bring joy to others and that makes me so happy to be able to do, I just forget about it sometimes. And I need to make sure that I do my best to be reminded of that. Yeah. And I do think that there is 100% this realm of I need to be reminded how much of a boss I am. And again, Kathy, you are one of the people that does that without prompting on a regular basis, which is so amazing. So maybe that's, that's impetus for me to return the favor and just remind you how much of a boss you are, because it is. It is truly, I don't want to say that it's hard, but I feel like that because we open ourselves up to people that are not within our, not even within our like social media bubble within like our extended bubble, like our bubbles are significantly larger. And it's not because of followers. And I've been trying to think of a way to like wedge this in is I listened to a, I listened to a podcast, one of many, and one of the hosts mentioned the idea of the problem with social media is that it amplifies what you're looking for. And sometimes we, we are looking for one particular thing, and we don't even realize that we're looking for it. And for a lot of folks, that's like validation. So like, sure, we're looking for this validation, but for us, it's like trying to drink water from a fire hose because, Hey, Kathy does like 15 podcasts that are all great and is like a super awesome like business owner. And so there is like so much validation that's already there that it becomes harder to see it because we're not seeing it as much in the places where we go look for it, I guess. Kathy S'Kloss Yeah. And I think too, the normal that you live in can be numbing almost. So every so often, like when I'm meeting someone new and the whole, what do you do? It's like, well, it's a great question. Jared Ranere Here we go again. Kathy S'Kloss Here we go. And kind of like just trying to talk about things that I do. And I have so many different segments of my life that certain parts of it are more important than others necessarily. And it can be difficult because all of them bring me joy. All of the different areas, you know, my Wheel of Time world, my photography world, my dance mom world, my podcasting world, my unicorn world, like all of these pieces are so joyful that I don't want to, I can't get rid of any of them because I don't, like a small part of me would probably like fall off and die if I didn't do part of it. And so figuring out that the bits of joy and being reminded of why I do certain things. And it's kind of mind blowing still that parts of this life exist. And what I'm doing, that I need to be more reminded, I need to remind myself more often that I am worthy, I am amazing, I'm a freaking amazing unicorn. And that it's okay to talk about. It's not selfish. So yeah. Yeah. Jared Ranere So how do you plan on keeping, you mentioned the emoji, the some type of reaction that is a bat signal for all of us to shower Kathy in positivity and encouragement. But how are you, and this is maybe a question for other folks that are doing theme style things. How are you tracking that? And I'm sorry if I took over this and turned it into an interview. Kathy Fong No, this is good. This is good. I'm not quite sure what that looks like. I have my bullet journal that has been artistically creative and has been really nice. And I have some kind of trackers in there. I need to tweak and make adjustments because obviously, like some things don't work and other things work or not the way that it needs to, etc. And so I want to have some sort of tracker like that to be like, Hey, did you do gratitude for the day? Did you, you know, did you schedule something to hang out with other people? Did you, you know, what is, what are each of these individual pieces? And over the next week, I'm hoping to really drill down like the specifics of what the year of joy means so that I can maybe track it a little bit. But the answer is I'm not 100% sure. And that's also my answer to Ramon's question in the chat, which is what brings you joy that doesn't involve others? I don't know. Because I am the way that my brain works. Like I, I don't know. I don't even know what that looks like. I don't know what that sounds like. I don't, I'm not sure. Because so and part of this is definitely a, yeah, I definitely should add that to my theme. Part of part of that has to do with, you know, the years of caregiving trauma in my life that like I'm fairly built into supporting others and like finding external things. But yeah, I don't know. So I'm open to suggestions or ways to try and figure out what that answer is. Because yeah, I don't actually know what that is. I don't know either. Like I can't, I can't answer that question for myself. Right. Playing video games and like, I think that it's interesting that like the question that Ramon had, like bringing you joy that doesn't involve others. I, I feel like I've been struggling with that as well. And I don't know. For me, it's like almost the opposite. What brings me joy that doesn't alienate people, but also is like time to yourself or that brings people in maybe that is respectable and is respectable and not not respect, like it's like a healthy boundary, I guess. But I don't know these, these end of year things are always like one, one thing that I agree with on the, the cortex folks who kind of popularize this idea of, of theming is that I don't think it has to, doing it at the end of the year is like the worst time. Because there's already so much anxiety around it. There's already so much, like, I don't know if people realize this and it didn't, I didn't mean for it to become a mental health session for, for either of us, but like the holidays are like the worst time mentally for everyone. It's when, you know, the, the largest amount of harm happens, you're missing people that aren't with us anymore. You're thinking about the opportunities that you, you know, you know, some folks even had it in their connections of like, I, you know, I'm supposed to be connecting with these people and I can't because I'm sick. And it's like, like, ah, the, the, the sadness, the seasons are a time of infinite sadness. And yeah, there's a lot of expectations that come into place that are hard to meet. And yeah, I agree with that. I think the, the big help there is, and shout out to someone who's, I would call them a day one-er of conduit, um, Relsie, whose connection has been to just stay on the Duolingo streak. And I know that, you know, bad timing cause the streak got broken, but one day at a time, like one little thing, it's, it's, it's such a, this is why resolutions fail. Like I'm going to lose 20 pounds. Okay. How are you going to do that boss? Like I'm going to go to the gym every single day or every single week. Like, why don't you just do five squats in the morning that will like, it's, it's so much easier to commit, do one squat. It's easier to commit to doing one squat in the morning than it is to getting up and making a bunch of mental decisions to do a thing. And I do think that the themes help with that because you're basically like, it's almost like using the tire method, um, to be like, okay, I am using this as a measurement tool for what I want to get done and what I want to do and where I want the year to go, the direction that I want the year to go. So, but more than anything, I, I just want, like, I have life themes maybe, and that's like, Hey, is my family healthy and happy? Are they happy with me? Are they happy with, am I happy with me? Am I happy with my family? Am I happy with my friends and my enemies? And, um, yes, I have enemies. It's fine. Um, I, to me, like that, that has been where I've been at. Am I growing in the directions that I want to grow and not growing in the directions that I don't want to grow? And I don't mean that physically because unfortunately I just can't fight time. Those food, food just too good. But, Well, and in Real Z's blog post, uh, he says at its most basic level, it is a North Star to guide the year and what I intend to achieve rather than using absolute and specific goals. It's ultimately about the trend line in an area of focus. I find this a better way to improve myself with a simple focus. And I think that's a good reminder of kind of like what the, the yearly themes are about and for and why to do it to kind of help give that supportive, you know, support that you can use. Yeah. I just, I just hope that again, I'm, I'm, I'm harping on this because I'm a, I'm a grumbly little Grinch that likes to ruin people's fun. Um, but at the end of the day, I want, I want Kathy of December, 2024 to look back at, you know, the rest of the year and go, it was a good year all in all. And Jay, you, you were a small part of that, that made it slightly better because that's, that's how I look at it. Well, that, and that, but that's how I look at it was if I look back at this year, this year has been absolutely phenomenal and a big point. And I think part of what made it phenomenal was having y'all to come to and talk to about stuff, having people give me the encouragement to make boss moves, to, to build communities that have impacted people like already and like to just believe that I'm able to do it. And there's no I could have given myself that would have been as effective as all of the amazing people in the relay community and my amazing cohost and my family and everyone else that were just like, my theme is the people that, you know, wrote on this roller coaster of life with me. So I, the year of roller coasters. No, that sounds terrible. That sounds horrifying. Unless your theme is actually visiting roller coasters. Oh yeah. And then the, the, the year of amusement parks is definitely way more, probably more expensive. I love it. I love it. All right. I think it's time for our new connections. Jay, what is your connection for the next Fortnite? I've gone, I've, I think I've used this connection before because I think it's a solid one. I'm going to do one less thing. I don't, I don't know what that one thing is. I'm gonna do it though. Or I'm not going to do it. Whatever that, whatever that thing is, not doing it. I, I fought this year, the end of this year, my, my boss kindly reminded me that like, Jay, you're doing too much. And I'm, I'm absolutely planning to fix that. I don't know. I don't know what the one less thing is. I mean, it could be something as simple as like, I'm just going to I mean, it could be something as simple as like, you know, not sleeping in one day or something. I don't know. Or, or sleeping in one day. Yeah. It works both ways on that one. For sure. But yeah, I'm, I'm going to, I'm going to do some ret like some internal examination. That feels weird. I'm going to look at things and say, you know what, maybe I can just not do that thing and be okay with not doing it. I love that. What about you? I am going to make the appointments that I need to make. I need to, Icarus needs a vet appointment. Persimmon needs a vet appointment. I need to make three eye doctor appointments for all three of the humans in the family. I need to reschedule a dentist appointment for mini soup. And I'm sure there are others that I'm forgetting. And so I need to make the appointments that I need to make. Now that you've mentioned all the names of your non-human animals, it does feel more like a unicorn blessing. You have persimmon over there and litmus paper and the other, the other, the other, you know, fantastic names that exist. But now I think, I think that's great. Yes. What about our conductors? Well, they're not doing anything. They're, they're being the laziest. I'm kidding. Our pathologists of the show, our pathologists of the show, Laura says, enjoy my vacation. See, I told you not doing anything. And when I come back, try for a slowish reentry into life and work and try my best to keep some of the calm I'm enjoying right now going. Laura, I, I am looking forward to the next, co-working session when you can regale us with the amazing trip to Scotland, because Jay is going to tell people now some, it's all about me. I will be going to London next year for the Relay FM 10th anniversary. Yes. And I'll be bringing my family with me. And I think we are planning to go to Scotland. So Laura, I need, I need all the, all the stuff, all the, all the places to go check out. But yeah, as long as nothing happens, speaking of Scotland, our Scottish Panda of the show, James is next connection is to test negative, get out of quarantine, hug all humans and have a delayed Christmas dinner. I am excited for my hug. If you're hugging all of the humans. So, so bring it on. Let me know when you get to Atlanta. I will have a hug waiting for you. Our fish bear of the show, Fishakai says, release the children back into the wild. That didn't make it better either. Oh, school. Yes. Yes. Send the kids back to school. Yes. And help us move out of the, and help smooth out the transition from vacation. Oh, I was, I was hoping like release the children and I was like, we'll just end it there and let people think what they do. Release them back into the wild. I love that. Code monkey of the show. Douglas says new connection and get some Spanish under my belt before vacation and a Spanish speaking country next month and get back on track. Now that I'm back to a hundred percent. Hooray for being healthy. And good luck. And if I knew Spanish, I would say good luck in Spanish. So here we go. Good luck in Spanish. True words not been spoken. Our identical twin of the show. Aaron says, want to get the next enemy type in my playdate game implemented over the next conduit. Maybe it should just be a tire, a giant tire. Just, just make it a giant tire or a train or an evil conductor. I don't know. I'm just gonna use my ideas. You, you do what you want with them. Our Canadian trivia card enthusiasts of the show. Erica says, next connection. Organize at least one shelf or drawer. Take two. You can do it. Our shark of the show. One pair of shoes says, clean my office before we have guests come after the first of the year. I also want to make it as easy as possible to set up the standing desk I have on order. Oh man. Everybody's getting a standing desk. I want to stand. Oh wait, I have a standing desk. I was like, wait a second. I thought you had one. Our train enthusiasts of the show. Real Z says, keep going. Find a new way to learn German. Also add a specific time slot for doing my connection. Shaking eyes emoji. Shaking eyes. Oh, our, wait, what? I lost it. I lost it. I found it. Oracle of the show. So says, finish drafting that chapter and apply for two jobs. Yeah. So if you got this. Yeah. Nameless at the show. New connection. Work on the discord server for my church youth group. Why? Young adults. Yep. Yep. Group. I could read. I swear. The goal is to have it done by next conduit. Can't wait to hear the, uh, update. Well, welcome to the world of being a discord pod. Have fun. Uh, our procrastinator of the show, Emma says, I am really and truly going to do the same connection I've been planning for ages. I will sort through at least one of the big bag of clothes from my pile. Oh, doom. Ooh, a pile of doom. Um, because I need to reclaim the space in both my flat and my mind. Basically new year, same connection, same Emma. Um, I've absolutely been procrastinating of the show on this one on brand, but we believe in you. Yes. Yes, we do. If you would like to submit a connection, you can do so in the relay discord in the hashtag show follow up channel by starting your message with the conduit emoji and putting your connection after you can also submit it via feedback by clicking the link in the show notes or using the submit feedback button at relay.fm slash conduit. We check in there. So if you have, if you are not a member of relay FM switch on and you want to share your connection with us, that's where you can do it. And, uh, you can also visit, I am a superconductor.com to become a member today to get access to pre and post show banter, an ad free episode and a coworking session in the off weeks with myself and Jay today in the post show. Well, in the pre show, we talked about my Hawaii trip and Christmas and the post show. I will be giving Jay a tier list for Christmas movies. Lastly, check out you con where it.com for some great conduit merch. Thank you to backburner for sponsoring this week's episode. Jay, did we con do it? I think it's been a year, a fantastic year of absolutely con doing it.