---
description: Mistakes happen and that’s okay. This is a podcast that emphasizes accountability
  and we’re talking about being accountable for mistakes and how to handle mistakes
  from others that affect you.
pub_date: February 8th, 2024
title: '68: Well, We Made A Mistake'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/68
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show we condue our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit. Or is it Roboism? No, no, it's the pit show. No wait, it's connected. Oh wait, no, I made a mistake. It's totally Conduit. The show that makes mistakes and isn't afraid to show it. This episode is brought to you by Micro.blog and Ecamm. I'm Jay and on the mic with me, by no mistake, at least I don't think it was a mistake, the one, the only, the Kathy, the Campbell. Hi Kathy. Hi Jay. I hope it wasn't a mistake. I'm here. I've made a lot of mistakes regarding like interviewing people in the past. I'm just like, oh hey, I'm sitting in this call wondering where you are. Oh, you said it was next week. Oh, I did, didn't I? Right. Well, I can't do it next week because that we're going to be talking about mistakes today. But before we do all of that, I want to tell you about what happened this week in the Discord, which was a mistake because Kathy is going to tell you what happened this week in the Discord. Heck yeah. We learned that we learned a lot of facts about giraffes, very important. We learned that it's bad to drop babies. And there were a ton of reviews and thoughts and questions all about the Apple Vision Pro, of course, including some really, really creepy images from the personas, which I don't know about you, but to me, it looks like they're like ghost projections. I was going to say it looks like the in memoriam, like, but the projector is going out and someone cut the light on. They're bad. They're real bad. They are interesting for sure. Hey, Jay, what happened in the coworking? So as folks who are amazing superconductors would know, the conduit is going to be in London for the Relay FM switch on 10 year anniversary Estravaganza. And we learned to some of our friends who are who are on site that there are a lot of conduits in London. Some of them are conduit conduits. Some of them are restaurant conduits. Some of them are coffee conduits. And some of them are our rival podcasts. So we are figuring out what we could do. Maybe a meetup, maybe just a tour down conduit alley or conduit avenue, which or is it conduit way? So basically, we're going to be doing conduit things in London and we talked about them during our coworking session. And if any of that sounded like a fun time because it was, you should definitely become a member today. Visit imasuperconductor.com letter I letter M letter A superconductor.com to become a member today. You not only get access to the amazing discord and the coworking sessions that we have in our off weeks, but you also get access to the pre and post show. Kathy, I want to do something a little special. I want to say during the pre show, we talked about how some people are gone and possible business ventures. And what do you do when you just want to dance but the power is out? How do you dance when there's no power? And then in the after show, we're going to be reviewing as AI tells us some of the greatest mistakes ever made in the history of the world. So yeah, if any of that sounds fun, become a superconductor today. I'm asuperconductor.com letter I letter M letter A superconductor.com and become a member. I think it's time for the connection checks. Perfect. Kathy, how did you do? I've got a big red X because not only did I not swap the legs in my desktop, I did not even move the boxes. They are still out in the hall. How did you fit how did you fit legs in your desktop? I mean, is it a large PC case or a small one? Oh, on my sit stand desk. How about that? I read that in my at my first thought was like, did someone make a was it a Christmas story computer? It's just the lamp. Yeah, nice. I'm picking up what you're putting down now. Yeah. If someone if someone has a lamp computer, a lamp leg computer, please send us a picture. I want to see this. Oh, so you didn't the legs did not do it. I know I still need to. I still want to. Obviously, it has just been. It has been a conduit, this day, so it's been it's been a month. I mean, we're in a new month. It is February now. I mean, January last I don't know why every year. And I know the memes were strong, but January felt like an entire year. It was the longest month. And I am glad that we're finally in February. But yeah, it was it was a lot. Yeah, I mean, I think I think it impacted. Everyone like, yeah, everyone was just like, oh, wow, there's there's a lot happening in the world, in the weather, and it's not done yet. Yeah. So yeah, January, January kind of sucked. Not going to lie. For me, I was supposed to make an appointment to look at getting our floor replaced, where we had some water damage. Sadly, they thought they fixed the water damage. Water damage to electric bugle. I actually know water and electricity should not make so turn turns out are the water tank in our refrigerator had a crack in it. So every time it filled up with water, it would leak, which is why every time we ran the water in our refrigerator, it felt like there was no water in there for a few seconds before water would finally come out. It was all the leaks fault. So that being said, I've got to wait to get a new they got to replace that part, and then I will be able to actually fulfill my conduit. So not my fault. But at the same time, that didn't get done. And to be honest, I totally forgot that it was my my connection. So, yeah, there's that. That works. What about our conductors? Yeah, Laura, our pathologist of the year, Laura, I'm sorry. The pathologist of the show has a green heart. My connection was to find a way to bring random one off tasks with no due date to the front of my mind regularly. So I will actually do them. I have them on list based on big areas, site, admin, personal, etc. So I designed one area to each day of the week, put a repeating reminder in my calendar to check that list with the goal of either doing one of those things that day or assigning one thing, a due date for sometime soon. And then the last thing is to have it be a part of the week. And then I have a green heart for a week and a half. We'll see if it sticks. That is a brilliant idea. So exciting. I can't wait to see it continue to work. Our tech podcast listener of the show, PILX says connection check green circle. I managed to survive for two weeks and I did send a bunch of applications out. So in the next week, it's all a bit hectic. But the vision vision pro shipped and people have said nice things about using peak health on it. So I'm generally feeling positive on the downside. My eyes are playing up some more, but I have an appointment in a few weeks. I should do something that people could say nice things. Oh, wait, I do a podcast called conduit. That's like, what about this thing that we do? I'm not begging people to tell me that they listen to my show. Our identical twin of the show, Aaron, says green check. My manager was pretty open to me picking up things to keep busy while in between other tasks. I have been able to move forward on some projects as well, which feels fantastic. Hey, that's that's cool. And I'm glad that you have a manager that was really supportive. Our Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica says Green Heart, my new paper calendar system for food exercise planning is a hit. I even decided to change the color scheme every month because it means more pretty pens and maybe newer, more neuroplasticity. I love that idea. Brilliant. I love the fact that Google said that colored was spelled that color was spelled wrong because it's from a Canadian. Oh, the you. Oh, you. Our soprano of the show, Debo says Green Heart. I had a really great vacation in Iceland. I'm glad. Our shark of the show, one pair of shoes says connection check. My connection was to commit to working out four days per week minimum. It doesn't matter if it is running weight training or yoga. Just get intentional movement in my day. Green checkmark. Thanks to being able to do some simple exercises in my hotel room last week, I was able to hit the goal. Yes. Excellent. Our wait, I lost it. Oh, no, I lost it. I lost it. I lost it. I lost it. I found it. Fish bear of the show. Fishy Guy says connection check yellow circle. I partially succeeded in the conduit of health only because I exercised right before writing this. Hey, I stand by it that doing connections are great because sometimes you're like, oh, crap, I got to say whether or not I did that connection. And then you immediately do it right there before you're supposed to report it on whether or not you did the connection. Like, hey, that just perfect. That is that is executing on connections flawlessly. Exactly. Speaking of executing connections flawlessly, our artist of the show, Carly, has a green circle I applied to at least one job every day this last two weeks. Perfection. Our tire advocate of the show, chin toss says, Greenheart, I finally managed to get back up to two runs a week for the last couple of weeks. Hey, way to go. Excellent. Our mountain dweller of the show, Logang. Logang. Red X connection check. Life happened and I didn't get any writing done at all. That's OK. Welcome to the Red X Club. Logang and I are deviating from our. We are the same person because I actually wrote stuff, which is so rare for me because I don't write. I hate blogging, but I actually wrote stuff. I wrote a lot of stuff. I even wrote a newsletter thing. Goodness, I did more writing than I like to at any given point. You clearly are the same person. You just stole all of the writing energy for yourself. All the writing for Logang. Would you share it with him, please? It's going to be funny when Logang and I look exactly alike and we figure out it's like this orphan black thing that happened. Yes. Meanwhile, our train enthusiast of the show, Relsie, says a green square. I'm no longer sick and I've continued to not be sick. Good. You've listened finally. Just did a one hour, 10 minute technical interview, which has wiped me out. So maybe I'll be listening live. Maybe not. I think you're here. It depends on how long I nap for. Hopefully I'm successful, although the six to nine month waiting period between successful and actually getting the job means that maybe a short term job is needed. Yeah, that's that sucks. I don't I don't I don't have any other words other than that just sucks. That's I'm sorry that you got to deal with that. And my current employer has kind of a similar process, which is frustrating, to say the least. So yeah, I'm sorry that you got to go through that. This episode of Condo It is brought to you by Micro.blog. Blogging is still the easiest way to share stuff on the web and Micro.blog is the easiest way to blog. Personal blogging is making a comeback thanks to all the disruption in social media. So if you've always wanted to build your own place on the Internet to keep and share the stuff you love, Micro.blog is for you. Micro.blog is the blog you'll actually use because we've made it so easy to do so. Write short or long blog posts, share photos, keep a log of the books that you've read. Maybe you even want to start your own podcast, but more than a place to post your stuff. It's also a friendly community of people with a wide range of interests who share and comment via Micro.blog social timeline, which is managed by humans and not bots. Micro.blog is open, so you can use your own domain name, cross-post to Twitter or X, Tumblr, and Macedon. I think even Blue Sky was on that list. You can also follow and be followed by Macedon users directly with conversations threading across both Micro.blog and Macedon. Finally, you can share your RSS feed so anyone can follow you. Micro.blog hosting starts at $5 per month. Head to https://micro.blog and sign up for a 30-day free trial. Use the coupon code RELAY and you'll get a special deal with your standard subscription. You'll get the premium account at no extra charge. That's $5 a month for hosting that includes all of your premium features, including podcast hosting. So you're saving 50%. That's Micro.blog using the code RELAY. Our thanks to Micro.blog for their support of this show and Relay FM. Good job. Oh, you didn't say thanks at the end. Thanks. Listen, I'm making mistakes. It's fine. Speaking of mistakes, I think we all make mistakes. We wanted to talk about mistakes. Kathy wanted to talk about mistakes. Did. And the reason... Also, sorry, hold on. I have things beeping, which is another mistake happening. Oh my goodness. All the mistakes. We should have Javier just not edit this. Yeah, Javier taking the case. You can hear all of the... Yeah. I mean, still do the post-show, pre-show thing, but yeah, other than that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, okay. This topic came up because at the first competition of this conduit, it was solo and duos only and the number of mistakes by the host team for tabulating and announcing winners was... There were a lot. This is the same competition that last year, they lost judges' scores on paper. They just didn't have them. But also, Knox was announced first in their division and yet somehow the third place winner received second top overall score. Now you don't have to know anything about dance to know that something wrong happened if a third place winner gets second top overall. Math ain't mathin'. Yeah, I was going to say, I'm not a mathematics person, but I know when the math don't be mathin' and that math ain't mathin'. Yeah, yeah. So, they handled it fairly well in that we have a competition at the same location later on and they're going to announce because Knox actually got that second place top overall score. First and third were all seniors. So as a freshman for them getting that score is really impressive and it's really sad that get that kind of public announcement part of things. But it comes down to making the... Admitting mistakes, recognizing that it's okay to make mistakes, it's normal, that's what happens in life, but not necessarily like throwing somebody under the bus, but also taking accountability for what happens yourself. I think the interesting part of this that often gets missed is when a mistake is made, often you're thinking about how it affects you and not necessarily how it affects the other person, if it doesn't impact other people. I was just talking about this person, or a person that I'm about to talk about yesterday. I don't remember the context, but I had this Marine that was really, really good. He was a really good Marine. The problem was that in order to fix something, he would break it. There would be a problem, he would break that problem even worse, but then fix his mistake and the subsequent problem. It was like this moment where it happened probably in the two years that I worked with him, it probably happened like three times. It was one of those moments where naturally that's what he became known for, but also there was this reality of how broke is it before we- How broke is it? How broke did it need to be before we said, all right, go in there and take a look at it. Hold on, let me send an email saying the network's going to be down for about five minutes. It's definitely those moments of we're only thinking about solve the problem, solve the problem, solve the problem. Then the mistake comes in and it's like there are active costs. Sometimes there are dollar amount costs to mistakes. The earlier that they're owned and the earlier that they're discovered, the less expensive it can be, the less impacting it can be, and often the less damaging they can be, especially towards relationships. If I make a mistake, if I don't address that I made that mistake and apologize for it, at the end of the day, that person may be like, oh, that person just didn't like me. No, it's not that I didn't like you, I just made a mistake and I'm sorry. How can we work to make this better? Yes. Yeah. I mean, this is something that every time I do an initial phone call with a potential client, we always start like one of the biggest things that I make sure to talk about is that mistakes will happen. Period. That is pretty much the only guarantee I can bring is that stuff will go wrong, especially when you're taking stuff off of someone's hands that they've been doing it for maybe years and handing it over to somebody who is using their operating procedures but doesn't really understand it yet. That plain and simple, it's going to happen. However, the other thing that we do is we always make sure to state that, hey, we will let you know as soon as it happens and do our best to fix it and not try and cover it up or lie about it or anything like that because that is not helpful for anybody and it does not solve a problem. You need to be able to fix a problem but also by knowing that mistakes will happen and try not to make the same mistake again. That's the other part is learning from these mistakes. That's a thing that's stated all the freaking time is, oh, but we've learned from our mistakes. You can't just say it though. You have to actually do it too. Yeah. I think this is where I'm leaning into the developer world a lot right now just as I'm thinking about transitioning jobs and some other stuff. One of the things that, another thing that happened, a member of the community that I'm a part of recently was guesting on another Discord channel and someone rushed into their stream, called the person a slur and then dipped. And naturally in that moment, there was like this, huh, wait, what just happened? Like, but what was interesting there was that the organizing team had an opportunity to do what they thought was the right thing. And their right thing was, hey, look, we banned that person. Are you OK? Do we need to reschedule this? We just want to make sure that you're good. If you're good, we can continue. All right, cool. And that was it. Now, people listening would be like, oh, OK, well, I mean, they were empathetic. It seems like they gave a good response. It seems like they handled the situation. But there was a mistake in there, at least in my eyes, there was a mistake in that they didn't address how does this even happen? How do we even get in a position to where this is possible to happen and can it be prevented in the future? How do we make sure that that mistake never happens again? And then also giving the person who was affected by the mistake the comfort in knowing that, hey, we not only have addressed this situation, we've done the work to make sure that in the future this can't happen again. And that to me is like there's a difference between being like, oh, hey, I made a mistake, you know, all mistakes happen. It's like, no, no, no, no. Sometimes a mistake happens and mistakes just happen. Yeah. But if you don't stop even for a second to go, how did this mistake happen? And how do I now prevent this mistake from ever happening again? And sometimes you just can't do that. How can I reduce the number of times that this a similar mistake like this could happen? This was this is something that I mean, being a parent, we teach our kids this all the time. Oh, hey, you burned yourself. How do we make sure that you don't burn yourself again? Don't do it again. Yeah. A part of this is on you that you shouldn't be doing things that are going to cause you to burn yourself. But a part of this is also on us to make sure that like we keep hot things away from you. Right. Yeah. And and giving structure to the reason I'm like why something happened. Hey, this you burned your hand because you didn't look and saw the light on it that says that it is on and hot like this that that happens. You know, we've been working on driving in this household because someone is now. License, well, a permitted driver, and let me tell you, it's scary, but. Kathy, I'm so proud of you for getting your learner's permit. Thanks. You know, I'm really proud of myself. It took many years, but we made it. But there's there's a sense of pride in seeing that Mini Soup has not made the same mistakes. Times. Like they. Excuse me. They like. We were driving around in a parking lot and they took a turn very quickly. It made the adjustment in the future for future turns, and since then, they haven't really made those types of that's almost that exact same mistake. Like it's. Terrifying, but they're working on it and that just like with anything else that you're doing, you have to work on it and playing a ukulele with a silly song is not the way to apologize for the mistakes. Oh, how is this the second time that that's made an appearance on the show? Because it's so ridiculous. For those that don't know a YouTube person, supposedly, allegedly, not supposedly, allegedly made some. Stakes for incorrect, like inappropriate contact with children and a variety of other things and in a form of apology and admitting of mistakes. She wrote. Played a ukulele. Basically not holding countable. Fine. Moving on. I think that there is. Not not trying to piggyback off of that, because the gross. Gross. But I think that there is something to say around. Making a mistake, trying to do the right thing to. Yes, I mean. I will say one of my biggest mistakes was I did things way too long. Like I should have given up on them much sooner. But like just out of like, no, I can make it work. No, I can do this and just be like, no, just let it let it go. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. So you can make a reference to the Incredibles and I can't make a frozen reference. That seems like a mistake. One one was iconic. The other one was a stupid song they got overplayed. Because it's iconic. But anyways, moving on, sorry. But I. I think that there is there's one kind of last part in here that, you know, someone was beating themselves up about the mistakes that they've made as we're talking about all of this. How do we how do we work around other people's mistakes with? I want to say like grace and not out of light. Like, how do we how do we make a mistake? An easier thing to be resolved than like the hey, looks like you made a mistake there. Let me help you with that. Because people people deal with being called out differently. And sometimes it's not even a calling out. It's more of like, hey, look, I want you to understand that your mistakes came with actions and came with consequences that affect more than you. But also, it's better for you if we can just move, like fix the issue, make sure it doesn't happen again and move along. Yeah, and this is this is something that I think really is difficult to do in practice and easy to know how to. In theory. And I'm going to assume right now, possibly incorrectly, that you're most likely that everyone listening to this is a human. I mean, actively listening, everyone that chose to listen to this is a human. There may be dogs and cats and horses and pets or whatever that are also. Get them a phone and tell them to download the podcast and listen on their own time. Yes. But they. Everyone makes mistakes. Everyone. You think that you don't make mistakes, you are. You think that you don't make mistakes, you are lying to yourself and you should go to therapy. I mean, everyone should go to therapy, but. Specific. Anyways. When you see mistakes happen. Especially ones that can. Like really. Affect your life. You want to make sure that you are are giving that level of grace that you would like to receive yourself. Helping people recognize mistakes is good. But making sure that you are giving them. Kind of a level of not control necessarily, because they made a mistake, but like the support that they need, meeting them where they're at, giving, letting them know that you're here to help and not be a jerk. And seeing if you can support them to help it not happen again. Yeah. And I think as a salient wrapping up of. You know, this this topic like. Your mistakes are for you to own. Other people's mistakes, while they may affect you, are not yours problem to own down the road. And I say that as someone who often gets because of just I do work for a community of historically excluded people. Like I get told all the time that what I'm doing is a mistake. Funny enough, the people telling me I don't care. So just a reminder that, you know, mistakes are sometimes based on perspective. When I was in the military, I thought a lot of the decisions that were being made on my behalf by my superiors were mistakes. Once I got promoted, I realized, oh, no, there's a method to this, man. It's still a mistake, but like they didn't really have much of a choice in implementing this mistake. They were just doing what they were supposed to do. So again, to the people that keep yelling at me that what I'm doing is a waste of time or whatever, like stop. But also, but also understand that you just because you may be thinking that what I'm doing is a mistake for my career or a mistake for whatever reasons. I have to then also agree with you on this and then move the process along and go through all of these steps that we were talking about about the process. Like, OK, if it truly was a mistake, step one is kind of like, all right, figure out who was impacted by this mistake and make sure that they know that, you know, one, I'm apologizing to I am going to resolve the issue and three, I'm going to work to make sure that this issue doesn't happen again in the future. But then also, like, if it's not a mistake, for real, don't don't sleep on it too hard. Right. And and the other part of that is, you know, once you have. Make made things to where that same mistake is not going to happen again. You have worked with and apologize to the people that it impacted. And all of these things is to not. Take it to. To heart, think and to to recognize and acknowledge that you are human. That this is probably going to something is going to will make a mistake again. Period. That's just. That's how it works. And as long as you, again, are doing everything that you can, everything within power, not make mistakes, the same mistakes and to grow as a person and to grow as a human. Better. You are doing a great job. And because of that, we love you. Well, and we love you. Mistakes in all. Yes, mistakes in all. We love you. Your mistakes don't mean that we don't like you any less. It just means that we got something to work on. Great. And you know who else is doing great? Ecam, this episode of Conduit is brought to you by Ecam. Ecam Live is the leading video production and live streaming studio built for Mac. Ecam does all aspects of video, not just live streaming. It's perfect for simplifying your workflow. It's easy enough to get started quickly, but powerful enough that you can create just about anything with video. You can do it all with the Ecam app. I was very sad that this was Mac only because that means I'm the only one on my team that can use it. But holy cow, is it easy to use? What did you how did you do with your Ecam? I've had I've done three, four live streams now using Ecam. And I mean, I'm I'm in I'm all in like I canceled my stream yard subscription. I am ready to go. I one of the things that I want to highlight specifically is how easy it is to do some of those things that you see that make streams a little bit more polished. I used to always just be like a ball of stress and anxiety on my streams because I was like, I need to make sure that the audio is routing through this channel using this piece of software and these other tools. And then I also need to make sure that, oh, how do I make the timer do a countdown thing or do I not do a timer countdown thing? Like Ecam has a built in timer feature where you can just say, like, hey, I want to start the stream in this amount of time. And then when the timer goes up, go to the next scene and I'm there, ready to go. It also allows me to easily do some of the things that made stream yard kind of the in between the like nice. I can go between and highlight people's comments from different chat platforms. So whether I'm I stream on Twitch and YouTube and, you know, you always get that weird moment where like you get rated on Twitch and people in the YouTube chat have no idea what's going on. But all of a sudden you're like, oh, what's happening? Like you can make that process much more visible and easy and and still like bring things in so that everyone's together on this. You can also see your analytics. I got I got rated by the pin attic podcast. There was a lot of people in my in my twitch. I was not prepared for this, but at the same time, like it was great because in that moment, it was captured and all this stuff was happening. I still felt like I was in control of my stream and I was able to do my best work. So shout out to E cam. Like definitely going to like keep using this. Lutely, whether you're streaming, recording, podcasting or presenting, everything's there in E cam, including support for multiple cameras and screen sharing and a live camera switcher that lets you direct the show in real time. Stand out from the crowd with high quality video, add logos, titles, lower thirds and graphics, share your screen, drop in video clips, bring on interview guests, use a green screen and so much more. E cam live does it all. Their members are entrepreneurs, marketing professionals, podcasters, educators, musicians, church leaders, bloggers and content creators of all kinds. Get one month free today at E cam dot com slash conduit using code conduit. That's a whole month free of E cam live at E cam dot com slash conduit with code conduit. Go there now. Check it out. Our thanks to E cam for their support of the show and all of Relay FM. Thanks. Kathy, what are you going to do? Are you going to own up to your mistakes? Are you going to accept? Yes. I mean, I don't know. I don't know what mistakes are out there. Yeah, this is a weird one. What connection do you have for the upcoming conduit? Yeah, I am going to fix the mistake from the last conduit and change the feet on my desk because I want to stand again. I've been scared to move it to standing position because it is wobbly. And so I haven't stood, which I mean, there's there's a reason that I got this desk and that's standing. And I also want to get a walking pad for underneath it, but I can't do that until I actually stand. The hard part is, is I also need to like clean the clean my office so that I can access it and do it at a time that Mini Soup is available to help me flip it because it needs a second body to help move it. So we're going to redo last conduit's connection. We will we will help Kathy to stand again. Yeah, I mean, stand forth. Stand forth. Stand up and fight. Oh, so I thought that was going to give me time. It did not give me time. I'm starting a new job. So as this gets released, I have less than 24 hours left at my employer, my current employer, which I think I've mentioned it before. I work at Microsoft like for three more days. So, yeah, I'm going to be taking the week off afterwards and then I will be starting at my new gig, which hasn't been announced yet. So I think for my connection, it's going to be relax. Don't do it when you want it. Never mind. The song. Yeah, I think it is going to be like, hey, get rested, get ready. There's a lot of stuff happening for me. Kathy, I've already told Kathy about some of it, like some big things happening in my career that I'm super excited about. A lot of the stress that I wind up pushing to the fall, I think is happening like in the summer this year. So I got to be ready for that. But I also want to make sure I actually had someone reach out to me earlier and ask me how my mental health was going. And I was like, oh, I appreciate your call. That's a great question. Like, I don't want to answer that. But that's a great question. So, yeah, I think relaxing, having a relaxing conduit, especially with the second half of that conduit being in the like, actually, no. Yeah, I will have only had one day at my new gig. So, yeah, that's definitely going to be the that's the ticket. Nice. And then our pathologist of the show, Laura, says that her connection is the flat of Georgia. Hey, I'm there to hang out with my best friend. Is it me? While she gets her first ever tattoo? No, not me. And enjoy catching up. Also, try to keep also keep trying not to get too far behind at work. Everyone was sick in January and there's lots of snow days, which meant I got behind. So just now feeling caught up that I'd like to stay that way. Our tech podcast listener of the show, Pilek says new connection, keep sending applications and figure out taxes. Send an email to thank the interviewer so that I might get more chances for the job. Even though I probably will get news this week. Keep looking forward and have hope. Don't know what else to put. Yeah, that's this was perfect. The exact perfect comment to do. And we wish you the best of luck. You got this. I forgot taxes are a thing still. Yeah. When are they just going to do it for us? Our panda of the show, James, says new connection, continue the birthday celebrations, get my eyes checked out. And I think I should have a bit of a break. Hey, me too. Yes. Break. Way with us for summer. Let's go upstate. All right. Our identical twin of the show, Aaron, says new connection, book plane tickets and start on the train tickets for my relay 10 plus UK visit. It's planning time. I should probably get on that whole planning thing. It's going to happen. It's going to happen. Uh, uh, the Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica says, survive. Gallifrey won the annual Doctor Who convention in in law. That's yeah. When you're from there, that's what they call LA, Los Angeles, and treat myself very, very, very gently. I don't have to do everything or even much of anything. If I'm not up to it, that's a good thinking. Good, good mindset to go into the event with. Absolutely. Our soprano of the show, Debo says next connection, add in some core and strength workouts to my fitness routine. Good plan. Core is good. Do more core. Core is good. There's a podcast I listen to called core. It's, it's pretty good too. Um, our shark of the show, one pair of shoes says my next connection for next time. Nope. My connection for next time is to get up without using some sort of snooze function daily during the work week. This will help me. This will help enable me to have time to do the keystone things that I will get my. What? That will get my day going with less stress. Oh my God. For the record, that was written correctly. Mistakes were from Jay just putting that out there. But moving on fish bear of the show, fishy Kai says new connection, continue the conduit of health and actually make some sort of exercise, a regular thing. Yes. Make some movement. Our artists of the show, Carly says, prepare to meet with a potential client that I will be building a website for. Nice. I wish that a certain company would be sponsoring us so we can say, Hey, you should build it with them and use our keyword code. That's okay though. Our tire advocate of the show, Cheentha says, next connection, stop procrastinating and book an appointment with my accountant before I miss deadlines. Yes, please. Your accountants will appreciate it if you book your stuff and send your things and get that done. I need to find an accountant. But you need to. Hey, I. Okay. Our mountain dweller of the show, Logang. Logang. Next connection, more specific this time, interview both parties and finish the outline. You got this me. Our train enthusiast at the show, Railzee says new connections, see what the job interview comes out. Otherwise more applications, more recruitment events, more existing. Keep on existing, dude. You're doing great. And our nameless of the show, Nameless says, find a new coffee grinder as my current one is finally broken beyond repair. Nameless, reach out to me. Let's talk about this. I love coffee. I love coffee grinders. We can make this a conversation worth having. I mean, you can talk to me too, but my coffee grinder was like $15 off of Amazon. So probably not what. As soon as we get off the phone, I'm going to make some more coffee. But if you would like to submit a connection, you can do so in the Relay FM, switch on Discord in the hashtag show follow up channel by starting your message with the conduit emoji and putting your connection after. You can also do so by submitting feedback when you click the link in the show notes and use the submit feedback button at relay.fm slash conduit. Lastly, you can visit. Not lastly. Also, visit. I'm a superconductor.com to become a member today to get access to the pre and post show banner and ad free episode and a coworking session in the off weeks with Kathy and Jay. That's letter I letter M letter a superconductor.com to become a member today. Also, if you're going to London or maybe you're just wanting to be there in spirit, check out youconware.com and get you some conduit merch. That way you can be looking fly in the flyest town in England. That's youconware.com. We have hoodies, shirts, stickers, lots of fun stuff. Thank you to micro.blog and Ecamm for sponsoring this week's episode. Kathy, we con did it, did we? We did and not too many mistakes.