---
description: "Nice! A Systems Check! Things are going well for Kathy’s system and
  Jay just wants to vent. Also some mid episode madness as we recorded later and that
  always makes things hectic! \r\n\r\nAlso! New designs at YouConWearIt.com"
pub_date: February 22nd, 2024
title: '69: Systems Check Winter 2024: Systems Che….ck'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/69
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we condue our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the nicest show around. This episode is brought to you by Ecamm. I'm Kathy and with me today is the very dramatic Panda hater Jay. Hi Jay. What up though? How's it going? It's going great. We actually got to talk and chat and hang out on the off week of Conduit because I got to interview for the extra fun show called Spotlight. The one that Soph, our oracle of the show says that you and I have the best podcaster chemistry and she could listen to him ask her questions about coffee all day. I think what that means is we need to have a coffee podcast. Just hear me out. I do have coffee news. One of my favorite coffee shops won the Memphis Coffee of the Year award. Shout out to Stephen Hackett for sending me the link after we talked about that amazing coffee place. It's called Coffee Black. If you've ever seen one of my live streams, the picture that I have in the background that says love black people like you love black coffee is from there. I could bring the content. You just got to... I don't know if there's going to be a large audience for it, but I'm here. Speaking of, I guess we've gone into shout outs already. Second shout out to Nameless who reached out to me and we sat down for a good 45 minutes and just talked about coffee grinders. I feel like I'm already doing the show without it being the show. Amazing. I don't feel like I'm quite the target audience since I like my coffee sweet and milky and delicious to me, but it's all good. It's fine. This week in the Discord, we have some new swag that was designed because of the Discord keyword. Visit uconnwareit.com, which is Y-O-U-C-O-N-ware, as in W-E-A-R-I-T.com to order your own hashtag break room made me do it and hashtag keyboards made me buy it. There's talk of that being the unofficial official uniform of guests at the Relay 5. Nope, not Relay 5. Relay 10. Relay 5. 5-2. 5 plus 5. 5 squared. No, 5 squared is not... Relay 5-5. 5-5. 5 by 5. Wait, no. In London. You should definitely check that out. Hey, Jay, what happened in our coworking? Our coworking was an absolute blast this week. For those who haven't heard yet, there is a price increase happening for the Relay FM Switch On memberships. We had a good conversation about what does Conduit need to do to bring the most value. Listen to Backstage if you're a member. Learn more about why these things are happening. I fully support all the stuff that's happening. We don't make any more money off of this, but one of the things that I was very concerned about was I wanted to make sure that Conduit as a podcast brought value. That if you're going to pay more, we want to provide more and not get compensated for providing more. We thought of some really great ideas for what we could do to bring more to the podcast. One of those, my personal favorite, is a poetry reading by our very own, the last of all of the show, Ponders, who has an unpublished, fully completed poem book that we got to hear some amazing poetry from. If you want to hear some super awesome poetry every single week, just kidding. No, we decided that that would put too much work on Ponders. We're thinking about this. We're thinking about how we can bring more value to you. If you want to enjoy more, or a little bit more, then become a superconductor today. Yes, exactly. If you want to join us for this session, as well as the fact that the pre and post show, visit IamASuperconductor.com to become a member today. That is letter I, letter M, letter A, superconductor.com. Real quick, do we have shout outs? Shout outs. Okay, cool. Excellent. Moving on. Hey, Jay, how did your connection get checked? Did you check it off? That is not how that... What? Are you sure? I'd like to check your connection. It's time for the connections app. I can do what I want. It's my show. This is the second week in a row where we didn't zap. We didn't zap last week. And how did I let you get back? I forgot to do it. And then you reminded me. Oh, that's right. Okay. Are the zaps dead? Did we kill the zaps? I think we killed the zaps. Did we kill? Did we do it? We condid it. Okay. So kill those zaps. Jay, how'd you do? So my connection was to... Okay, people are writing in the chat about no zaps. I'll just say zap. Zap. Wow. We have zaps. Wow. Wow. You want to record live? If you want to listen to us record live where there may or may not be zaps, then I'm a superconductor.com. It's really late. We're recording this later than usual. So you're getting full japs today. My connection was to... What was my connection again? It's written down. My connection was to make the phone call to finally get our floor replaced, which was the one before that as well. But turns out it wasn't fixed. Kathy, what would you do if I told you it turns out that our refrigerator still isn't fixed? Oh, no. I would say is this turning into rectiffs and we need to have a whole section on refrigeratoring? So the long and short of it is that they fixed the problem and that there is another problem. However, the other problem we think is small enough that we can go ahead and proceed to get the floor looked at. And they showed up today. Apparently, I might have to get the entire downstairs floor replaced. No. Oh, I'm not happy about this. Yeah. Not one day. Hey, is your refrigerator running? A little too much. Better check it. Better chase it. Better catch it. Yep. So they come back tomorrow to begin demo. I don't know how much demo is happening, but based on the tape, there's a lot of floor that's going to be ripped up. Luckily, homeowners insurance. This is your sign to get insurance no matter what a any red. Nope. Not going to go there. Moving on. Yep. Something, something, something isms. Well, what about you, Kathy? Well, real quick, is that a green checkmark, an orange checkmark, a red checkmark? Yeah, I did the thing and it's going to cause me a lot more pain and suffering. Yeah, but you did the thing. So that's good. Let that be a lesson to anybody out there wondering if they should do the thing. I'm kidding. No, no, no. You should still do the thing. Do the thing. Well, I also did the thing. My thing was to finally swap the legs on my desk, which I did during the superconductor meeting. So I was a little bit out of frame sometimes, just sitting chatting, but it really helped to have that motivation going on. So go me. Oh, you. What about our conductors? How did they do? Well, start with scrolling down our tech podcast listener of the show. Pilex says connection check Greenheart. I did keep sending applications and I didn't get the job. It's OK, though. I gave my name and number to a front end dev and I ended up delivering Politsa, Politsa, pizza, pizza, too. And taxes are starting to be conclusive. Pilex had a lot of things going on and was able to do most of the things or all of the things. So way to go. Yes, you did what you could do and kept your eyes open for other opportunities. So well done. Debo, our soprano of the show, says connection check Greenheart. Every day I added either a strength core or Pilates workout to whatever other workout I was doing that day. That is very impressive. Congratulations. Our nemesis of the show, aka Panda of the show, says connection check Red X. I finally got my vision pro. Yeah, I heard that there was a story about that and was diagnosed with early stage cataracts a few days later. Oh, no, I'm sorry. Well, I can appreciate the worldcrafted irony of the storyline. I failed to take a break as a result. At least I have ordered a variety of new glasses, which should help with my headaches when they appear in a week or so. I'm sorry to hear that, James. I definitely hope that, uh, hope that you can get some of the stuff situated and figured out so that you can enjoy your new toys. Our fish bear of the show, Fishy Kai, says connection check Yellow Circle. I can't call exercise a regular thing yet, but I'm doing better than last conduit. That yet was all me added in. Uh, um, yeah, good job. Proud of you. Our Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica says connection check warning. I survived the convention, but I guess I wasn't low key enough. I feel truly wretched and exhausted as I sit in the airport waiting for my flight home. Um, I hope, yep, I hope you escaped all con cruds and that you're able to get the adequate amount of rest that you need. Our Oracle of the show, Soph says connection check Green Book. Sometimes things all fall into place at once after you've been working on them for ages. I went away for a week when I mostly rested and then I finished my book chapter and I got the job I was interviewing for. Congratulations, Soph. So incredibly proud of you. Congratulations. That's awesome. Um, also same words, same words. Kathy said them better though. Our shark of the show, One Pair of Shoes. Is that Chris? I can never remember names. Yes, yes. I try not to remember names that they don't put their name there. Um, yeah, we can't figure out why he doesn't have his name there. Like it doesn't. It's very weird. Yep. Uh, Chris aka One Pair of Shoes says connection check. My connection was to commit to getting up without using some sort of snooze function daily during the work week. This conduit was a rough one for me. Oh no. Um, I don't know if that answers if you were able to do it or not, but I'm guessing by the sounds of it, you had some mixed success and oh, there was a red X there. I just completely missed the red X. Um, well in that case, um, I'm sorry. Sorry to hear that. And I do, I do hope that you're able to get the respite that you're, I think so. Respite, respite, respite. I'm hoping, I'm hoping you get the rest that you need in spite of that. Our tire advocate of the show, Chinthas says connection check, green check mark. Thanks to having to write this and therefore getting a reminder, I did just manage to sort out all the things I needed to do with my accountant and met the deadline. So incredibly proud of you. Well done. Congratulations. Our identical twin of the show, Aaron says connection check, yellow circle, booked my flights for London, but haven't booked any train tickets yet. Think I'll just wait a bit on that one. A bit less of a rush. Kathy, uh, I sent you a message earlier about buying my plane tickets. How about I couldn't buy them yet. And now I'm worried because I have to replace my floor. Um, insurance. Yes. Well, I mean, I still got to pay a deductible. Yeah. I'm pretty sure we're still fine. I just, I'm sure you're fine. It's just money. It's just a lot of money. Yeah. Yeah. But we'll get there. We'll get there. We'll get there. Uh, indeed. Our code monkey. Nevermind. Go ahead. What? It's my turn, right? Yeah. I was just going to say just, just your friendly reminder for, um, I'm a superconductor.com. Oh, yes. Yes. That that's appreciated. Uh, our code monkey of the show. Douglas says connection check and green Palm tree vacation was an awesome reset. Well done. That sounds so nice. So many people are having great conduits. Um, our pathologist show, Laura says connection. You're fricking last connection was to go visit my friend in Georgia, which wasn't me. Um, for the weekend, it was a great trip and I'm so glad I decided to go, even if I couldn't stay long next time, stay longer. And then we'll go get coffee and like take a picture and then set it to ice cream works too. We'll take a picture. We'll send it to Kathy. Kathy will be all jealous. And then I will win the conduit. Is that a thing we need to worry about? I don't winning. Okay. No, they say he ain't first. Then you're probably second because it's a two person show. Wow. That's deep. Um, our train enthusiast of the show rails. He says connection check green heart. Things have been pretty good. And while I didn't get the job at first, the interviewer really wants me inside of the business. Had the other person applied, it would have been my, I'm guessing had the other person not applied, it would have been my job. So I've applied for a job that's close to DevOps and the interviewer has spoken to the hiring manager. So no one hour interview needed, which is nice to have. That is very nice. Uh, the recruitment events were a waste of time, but whatever I've applied to be a guard for transport for whales. So actually a decent two weeks. Okay. Transport for whales. I hope that's, that's, uh, uh, trains because that would be your name to well Z. No, that's not very nice. Well Z. Well Z. Well Z. No, I don't like that. Oh, well is the country. Oh, I think we broke. We broke Jay. Hey. Awesome. Our nameless of the show. Nameless said, uh, after much hemming and hawing, I bought a new grinder that I got today in time for the new episode. Thanks to Jay saved me from buying something that did not suit my needs. And now I am over caffeinated playing with my new coffee toy and dialing in my espresso shots. Let me know how that dialing in go is working because the latest batch of espresso that I have is giving me fits and I cannot get it dialed in to save me. Um, so I would love to hear of some successes. Excellent. Uh, this episode of conduit is brought to you by E cam E cam live is the leading video production and live streaming studio built for Mac. E cam does all aspects of video, not just live streaming. It's perfect for simplifying your workflow. It's easy enough to get started quickly, but powerful enough that you can create just about anything with video and you can do it all with the E cam app. Uh, I forgot that my dragon mount team, um, all have PCs, so I'm the one playing around with E cam and, uh, it really is very simple cause I am not super smart when it comes to the live stream stuff. Um, but I do have a URL for live streaming. So maybe one of these days I will actually get around to doing it more often. I do want to do, I do want to do it, but I still am looking forward to the, the conduit live stream. Um, I actually have, uh, I watched a stream that someone did recently that inspired me that maybe this is a thing that we could do for conduit. Um, similar to our coworking sessions, uh, they do dedicated like email time of just like, Hey, I'm going to run through these emails. I'm going to process this stuff. I'm going to do the, the, you know, two minute rule things. And they do it from the perspective of it's just them. Like you can't see their screen. Um, you can't hear what they're listening to on music. You have like different music playing for the chat and it's just full accountability. And I loved it. I loved how minimal it was, but more importantly, I immediately thought about how easy it would be to replicate that with ecamp. And I don't have to worry about doing all the OBS stuff. I don't have to worry about signing into some website that requires, I use Chrome or some other browser that I'm not going to use. I can just use the app that's, you know, built for my type of machine, hit start, and I'm off to the races. And if I want to record it for a YouTube video later, all I have to do is flip a single switch. I changed it from streaming to stream slash record, and I'm good to go. That's it. Whether you're streaming, recording, podcasting, or presenting, everything's there in ecamp, including support for multiple cameras and screen sharing and a live camera switcher lets you direct the show in real time. Stand out from the crowd with high quality video, add logos, titles, lower thirds, and graphics, share your screen, drop in video clips, bring on interview guests, use a green screen and so much more. Ecamp Live does it all. Their members are entrepreneurs, marketing professionals, podcasters, educators, musicians, church leaders, bloggers, and content creators of all kinds. Get one month free today at ecamp.com slash conduit using the code conduit. That's a whole month free of Ecamp Live at ecamp.com slash conduit with code conduit. Go there now, check it out. Our thanks to Ecamp for their support of this show and all of Relay FM. Thanks. All right. So it is that time of the quarter where we're going to do a little systems check. Jay, what does that mean? What the heck is a systems check? So we know that normally when folks look for a podcast about productivity, that they often will look for what apps are 10Xing your productivity and what's the one secret to, you know, become a megastar YouTuber, get your PhD in college, and also run a six-figure business. Six figures actually isn't that impressive. Eight-figure business. There we go. That's better. That's better. That's better. Yeah, we're not going to do any of that. Instead, we give ourselves one episode every quarter to just give a little update about what we've been doing, what's been working, what we're going to try in the future, and most importantly, how we think we could take our productivity for the next quarter to the next level. And we bundle it all in one episode, and we call it a system check, and this does two things. One, it allows us to nerd out about productivity stuff for a little bit, and two, and more importantly, it gives us a set amount of time to go back and look on if things have been working or not. So that's this week on episode 69. Nice. To talk about the nicest of tools and maybe the not so nicest of tools and the new systems and the old systems and the systems in between. We're checking all of them. It's system check time. Yeah, because it's super nice that we get to do this. So I'll start with mine because I have a feeling that mine is going to be a little bit simpler than Jay's since I have not started an entire new business or anything like that recently. I am still using my notebook for bullet journaling, and I've started doing... So I joined a membership box thing through one of the many, many online shops that they have where they send a packet of stickers and washi tape and paper and stuff once a month with a theme in it. And I have been doing that for weekly spreads, which actually I never thought I would be just a weekly spread type of girl. It needs to be daily only. However, with the utilization of OmniFocus as an actual task management system so I don't miss anything, I'm able to better concentrate on just what I need to concentrate on. So every week, usually on Thursday towards the end of the day when I'm starting to drag and be ready for the weekend, I will set up my planner for the next week and usually draw some squares and pick some colors and put some stickers down and make some little doodles. And I feel ready to go for the next week. I fill out the little calendar on there so I know what's happening. It has space for some gratitude, space for these trackers that I'm keeping track of. Basically, if I am spending any money that's just on random stuff, if I am going to the gym or walking, if I've eaten breakfast, am I making dinner, just keeping track of things to let my brain be a little bit more present with it. Anyone who's listened before knows that I'm fairly recently diagnosed with ADHD and so trying to find some tricks to get my brain focusing on what I need to focus on is really helpful and that includes making a pretty notebook. That is still how I am running my game. It's pretty much what I used my previous systems check, but I do need to get back into more of the morning routine set up to really be settled. I think because I do have my desk actually ready to go and working because in the last conduit, I had about a week where I didn't have my desk at all because I couldn't get the legs changed. It was really traumatizing and horrific for my brain to not have this central space. Now that I've got that taken care of, we're ready to go back into place and I'm ready to be more productive with my stuff, which is great because we are in the middle of busy season. For anyone that doesn't know, one of my clients is a CPA, so it's tax season right now. We also are in the middle of dance season and my kid is on both the high school dance team and the studio dance team, so every weekend is a competition. This weekend we actually have two separate competitions, so that's going to be fun. I'm just hanging in there and doing the best that I can and using my tools and the systems that I have in place helps me do that. I just want to throw out there when you said every day is a competition, I was like to be the very best like no one ever was. Yes, exactly. So I'm glad that things have been working and I'm also glad that you were identifying some friction points. I mean this is one of the reasons. I think it's amazing that the difference in one small thing like maybe switching from daily to weekly reduces a little bit of that friction and gives you a little bit of like capacity back, which I underestimated that until I switched to my hobonichi. The thing that made the hobonichi work for me, and this isn't me going into my thing, this is just riffing off of your thing. The thing that made the hobonichi kind of really click for me and that I've been using it this entire time is that I don't have to write the dates down. It's like that simple. I thought it was going to be something wild or really like involved, but it's purely just, oh I don't have to write the date anymore. Looks like that works. So yeah, you mentioned the friction in your morning routine. Is there something that you think you could do to reduce that friction? Maybe write the date on your shoes before you proceed to bring routine or something? Yeah. I think the biggest thing is the fact that I know in my brain that if I do the stuff that I know I need to do and get myself set up for the day, I will have a better day, period. I know that if I sit and I do some journaling, if I know that I go to the zoo, if I go to the gym, going to the zoo, I will feel better and be able to be more successful with my day. But there's some mornings where I wake up and I already feel like I'm behind and I need to remind myself that I will actually be more ahead if I do the things that I need to do. That definitely makes sense. I'm really interested in, as things are probably only going to get more chaotic, do you have anything designed to protect your system at the moment? No. Probably should. I was just thinking about that of the consistency being the thing that usually makes this work for the long term. I'm just imagining of, oh, I've really got to get out the door. I can't do this right now. Oh, don't worry, I'll do it later. Oh, I didn't do it yesterday, so now I got to think about the things I did yesterday plus today. Just definitely get back into it tomorrow, but oh no, this whole week is going to be chaotic. What do I do now? This is often where I find myself, where I'm like, this is where my productivity dies. It's that slippery slope into, I forgot to do a thing and now I'm paying for it. Yeah. Oh, for sure. Definitely not letting myself, well, today is a great example. The fact that we're doing it at a weird time, my brain is totally broken and it's going to be a day. Thanks for breaking my brain, but I'll hang in there. Because I did do my morning planning, I was able to really sculpt my, not my memory, but how my brain was going to be nice to myself and let it really settle into place. I think that that's probably the best thing that you can do in that moment of like, okay, if I'm not going to have all of this stuff, what can I have? Yeah. And I mean, to me, like you said, just do what I can and be okay with, I mean, sometimes that's the secret, just being okay with doing, like I did what I could, which wake me up when I develop that. Good Lord. We'll figure it out together. I like it. All right. Well, what about you? How are you doing? Buckle up. It's about to be a wild ride. The wildest ride in the wilderness. That's a Disney joke. Oh dear. So let's start with job things. Kathy, I have a question for you and I think we talked about this over the conduit. Imagine you got a brand new computer. What would be the first thing that you would do with your brand new computer? Unbox it. Okay. After that? Make sure it's plugged in. After that? Log, create a login account. Okay. So normally when you create a login account, like what's the one thing that you do to kind of kickstart the process a little bit faster? Usually pull the info from my iCloud account thingy. So imagine getting a new machine and you were not able to then log into your iCloud account. That was suck. No work for you. So I got to work. My first day of work was last Friday and I mean you could have erased everything else that happened in that call because all I heard was you are not allowed to log into your iCloud account on this machine. I mean that makes sense though. It's a work machine. Yeah. And in full disclosure, I work at a company that handles a lot of data. So there is a lot of data concerns like data protection and stuff like that. So I appreciate that they're doing this. Yeah, that's actually really, really nice. There's going to be no... You don't need to be into your iCloud account because you're not going to have any of your personal info there. And they will buy you any of the logins that you need and stuff. I mean, yes, but what about the 10 years of being a Mac user and having my specific applications that allow me to do my job at the most effective level, which is why they hired me in the first place? Well, then they buy you them again. So yes. Yeah, I get it. It's super frustrating, but also I get it. It makes sense. Yes. And that's why I'm not completely over the edge on this. A lot of where I'm at is like, okay, I fully understand the decision behind this and I support it because I don't want to be the reason why yada, yada, yada, something, something GDPR. I don't want that to be me. Totally okay with that not being me. Absolutely fine with that not being me. That being said, in that moment, the only thing I can think of is how do I get access to the tools that I need to do my best work? Or what do I do when I can't use the tools that would allow me to do my best work? You talk to whoever's in purchasing and they get you access to those tools. And if they say no? Then you can't do that, which you need to do. And that's on them. So after several conversations, I was able to get the tools that I needed. Also, there was a very big misunderstanding in how they were explaining things. I still can't log into my iCloud account. That part, that's there. It's whatever on that. I had to rethink some of the tooling that I use in my productivity, which was kind of a challenge. Talk me through that. So a good example of this is drafts. I have used drafts since 2014. Okay. To not be able to use drafts on one of my machines. And I get like, a lot of the confusion here is around the type of work that I do. I'm in a learning, my role in many cases is to teach and to learn and to take copious amounts of notes. Before anybody messages Obsidian in the chat, no. Just take that thought, throw it in the trash, and let's continue. I'm not asking for an app suggestion. I'm using TaskPaper for this. If you want to know why, go listen to the episode that I did with James Grossgene. But the process here was not just a matter of not only do I not get to use the tools that I'm comfortable with, but because of data collection policies and things like that, there are some tools that I just don't have a choice in. And again, I understand I am perfectly supportive of these decisions, but it hurts. I'm not used to using Gmail, the app, when I can't use any other application. Like I have to use Gmail, the app. And that is rough. That is very challenging for me. So that's why I'm just sorry. We had a message in the chat from Rails. Do not reply. I'm just complaining, not asking for help. Yes, I love this. I need a copy of that. And bright pink too. And bright pink, yes. So having to use Google Calendar, not being able to use tools like Fantastical, not being able to use tools like Spark, which I've been using for email for a few months now, and it's kind of just become what I've gotten used to. Not being able to have a lot of the systems in place on this machine on top of, oh, hey, you're using this service. This service has a cloud provider attached to it and the data isn't stored locally. Therefore, you can't use it, has created an interesting set of challenges. Yeah, it sounds like it's almost like a mindset shift just because this came out of seemingly nowhere. And it sounds like that's the biggest concern is not that you're like, oh my gosh, I'm never going to do my work. I cannot even. But the fact that you were coming in expecting to be able to do it one way and you don't get to do it that way. Because I am predicting by this time next year, you're not even going to, you would listen back and be like, what was I even complaining about? Not complaining. What was I even commenting on? I think complaining is a fair word here. I think more than anything, there is. So we're not a tech news podcast by any means. No, I don't know if people have noticed, but recently Apple has been in the news around how they are regarded in Europe. And I work for a European company. And I don't know if people have heard, but some of the things that they decided not to do with Apple was based on, hey, you're not popular enough for this to really be a concern for us. That is kind of where I'm feeling on this challenge of. I sincerely consider just installing Linux because at least then I had a good excuse to dive into all of these new tools because you got to remember I have all of these tools on my personal machine and I do a lot of development. I mean, I'm a developer. It's what I do. I develop while I'm for work and I also develop outside of work. So there's a lot of me thinking about how I'm going to do my best work knowing that the best pattern has been defined for or in my mind, the best pattern is already defined for me on this other device that I just cannot use. So now I have the bigger question of is it worth changing how I do everything or do I just change the work productivity? Because again, you're thinking about managing two different productivities like styles versus saying I'm going to just adopt the one in hopes that it will be good enough for me in all of the things that I do in life on my computer. Well, and honestly, I almost wonder if having the that separation of, you know, church and state will allow you to better code switch between work and not work, especially because like you said, you do do a lot of this stuff, not in work. And since you are like outside of work, so being able to come in and like, no, okay, I am working on this. I'm not working on work. I am doing my, like my personal stuff right now. And like having having it be different and planning it on being different could actually be a really good thing. And to help you separate in a way that you previously haven't been able to. I think that that could work. I think that I'm going to have to kind of merge towards a closer medium. And the main reason for that is adding on to things is never like in when in especially in I guess in productivity, you know, here comes a famous productivity quote by Jay, I guess in productivity, one plus one is not to one plus one can sometimes be four or five. Like adding one thing can can add levels of complexity that you weren't quite prepared for. And I would almost say that one plus one is always two. However, what you thought was a one was actually a seven and it was hidden because you only know the numbers one and one. And so you automatically defaulted into that number being one because that's all you knew. That's how my daughter does math. Yeah, I mean, mine doesn't. But that's good because they're in high school now. Does the numbering goes, I'm pretty sure this is five. And I'm like, pretty sure it's not. I think I agree with you on that. Again, I do. I do think that a lot of this is going to be like a no big deal thing in the long term. But you have to get to that point. And it's OK to have that almost grieving. You're grieving the way that you were able to do work before. Well, there's a level of anxiety. I mean, this is a show where sometimes we talk about our anxieties. What? No, not here. So I joined this company as like it was a promotion type thing. So I took a promotion to go into this role and I had a co-worker and friend remind me of that. Like, there's nothing like no, Jay, you did not con the company into hiring you. Right. But my concern is, is that not that I con them, but that a large portion of my ability to do things at the level that I was doing them was based on the fact that I had access to tools that allowed me that worked with my brain well, especially when you're, you know, again, as we're talking about things like ADHD and stuff like that, for those that don't know, I do have ADHD as well. So this is this is a thing that I do think about in terms of like, hey, it would be really good if I had a system that didn't I didn't have to fight against. I, I agree. And I need to go help my kid go get their kitten to make sure he does not run away like the previous cat. So I think we're going to need to come back to wrap this up later. So we had kind of a weird abrupt ending to the call yesterday, which we don't need to get into that part. But I'm going to wrap up my systems check on a, you know, just a quick recap. And maybe we'll talk about it a little bit in a future episode. But ultimately, after sleeping on it, I was doing a lot of complaining about my system and the struggle. While I do think that there is some validity in the challenges of not having tools that you're comfortable with. I do think that this might serve as an opportunity, like Kathy said, to be able to switch from work mode to not so work mode in my off time. And that is something that I'm hoping to continue to get better at and continue working on. So with that being said, I am going to venture off of that and talk about some other things that I'm doing. So I recently picked up a ZSA moon lander. It is a ZSA moon lander. It is a sorry, it is a split ortho linear keyboard, which means that the keyboard itself is two pieces. And the keys line up vertically instead of being staggered, which is something that does take some getting used to I've been using it for about three and a half weeks now. And I like it. It's I'm getting used to it. I'm getting a little bit faster on it. I also just picked up another new keyboard called the iris 77 or no, not the iris 77. Sorry, different keyboard. The iris rev eight. The iris rev eight was it's a little bit more compact. And there's a running joke that we've talked about in some of our premium member benefits stuff. So the post show pre show, but also in our co working sessions that I needed an upstairs keyboard and a downstairs keyboard. And I'm not sure yet, but I don't think I'm becoming a keyboard, you know, enthusiast. I just like what I like in other productivity stuff. I've been using my Hobonichi Techo and I've been using it relatively consistently. I think I mentioned this on Kathy's point when she mentioned bullet journaling, just not having to write down the days and having it pre done for me and having two areas to put down events that are happening, calendar events, notes, important things, but then also having a daily view. It feels like my bullet journal, but all of the work has been done. So I just have to write the thing that I'm doing or the thing that I did. And that's been super helpful. Uh, there is some digital task management, project management that I'm going to have to figure out. I'm probably just going to keep using task paper and bike for that. Um, I'm also kind of battling this idea of staying engaged in the community that I run. It's not that I'm, you know, not engaged in it. It's just, I've been, I've been so busy trying to get established into this new gig that I feel like I've let some of the responsibilities around it slip and I want to make sure that I'm being responsible on that. But I think that's it for me. Um, a lot of that stuff is just middling. Like I've got a new Logitech ergonomic mouse. I've been 3d printing, um, components. Uh, I'm trying to use my stream deck and my stream deck pedal again for a few things, but nothing, nothing so well defined that it's really worth talking about here, but that's going to be it for me. And I am going to pass it back to Kathy. Who's going to wrap up the show. Oh, it's me again. I totally forgot. This is conduit, which means we do connections. My connection for the next week or the next conduit is going to be to give myself grace when anxiety around not getting work done happens. Um, some context around that I'm going to be traveling next week for an event, my first event with my new job. And I am also in the process of onboarding, which means there's a lot of things that I got to learn and tasks are already being assigned to me and, you know, oh, we need to work on this. We need to do these things. I want to make sure that as all of this stuff is happening, nothing is due tomorrow. Nothing is due next week. Nothing is due next month. Everything has time. And I need to be aware of that. And I also need to make sure that I'm not being harder on myself than anyone else is. So, yep, that's my connection. And again, back to Kathy. First off, I want to apologize. This is going to be a little bit, uh, wonky at the end here. We had a family crisis when we were recording this on Tuesday and had to do it. Um, we're doing it a little piecemeal, but we definitely want to finish out the episode. And so, uh, our incredible Javier has come in and, uh, is going to piece this together in as best we can. So if it sounds a little bit different, uh, that's why, uh, my connection for the next fortnight, uh, will be to find some Zen in my life. It's been a stressful little bit, and I definitely, um, could use some, some time to just kind of sit with myself. So I'm going to either do meditation every day or, uh, some deep thought journaling or something every day to just kind of try and breathe through it. Uh, so that's my connection for the next fortnight. Now let's check out our Conductor's Connections. Our tech podcast listener of the show, Pillix, says, new connection, keep sending applications and keep my hopes up. Simple, but effective. Just the way that we love our Conductor's Connections. Nice and simple. We're just here to support you and you can do it. Our soprano of the show, Debo, says, next connection, do my taxes. Yes, please. If you have someone else do your taxes, please make sure to get the information to them as soon as possible. Our panda of the show, James, says, new connection, actually take the break I should have taken last time and stay away from screens as much as possible until I have the correct glasses to look at them. Yes, please. Thankfully, I have a large pile of classy literature to read as recommended by Kathy. I cannot wait, James, to hear how you feel about the books. Our fish bear of the show, Fishy Kai, says, new connection, I have a pile of household admin. My connection is to make that pile smaller. That is perfect. I love the structure of that. It's just enough support without too much, like, overwhelm. So fantastic. The Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica, says, new connection, get healthy ASAP. I know you've had a rough travel trip and I hope you are giving yourself the grace to take some time and effort to spend resting so that you can recover. Our oracle of the show, Soph, says, next connection, try to finish a research report before I start work and get myself ready for the new job. UConn, do it. I'm so excited for you. Shark of the show, Chris, says, my connection for next time is to get my guitar restrung. This was partially influenced by the break room, which we love. Hashtag break room made me do it. Visit uconnwearit.com to get a shirt that says that. Our tire advocate of the show, says, next connection, I have a training course to deliver in March, so I'm aiming to have at least the first draft of the training materials to be written in the next fortnight. I love that you have that first draft energy going. You can't do it. Our identical twin of the show, Erin, says, new connection, having a getaway weekend in less than two weeks with friends. You need to get a few things together for that, but most importantly, have a good time. Yes, I'm so excited for you and I cannot wait to hear how the trip went. Our code monkey of the show, Douglas, says, new connection, follow up every day on responses that people are expecting and don't just get bogged down in work. Oh my goodness, I feel you there. Taking that time to set it up, just like I talked about my system check, you know, making sure that you have things under control before you just jump right in can be so helpful. Our pathologist of the show, Laura says, new connection, be less overwhelmed? I don't know what this looks like. Maybe working late a couple days to catch up, maybe the opposite, taking a day off, setting aside time for planning, saying no to some things, or just setting realistic expectations for myself. Not sure how to accomplish it yet, but I need to work on it. I feel you here. I, yeah, maybe we can do some planning together. I don't know. We'll figure it out. Our trained enthusiast of the show, Railsie says, new connection, use more of Babel to learn Dutch. I did use it for the last week for German, but I think learning Dutch makes sense. I need to stick to a single language and it's an ultimate question of the Netherlands or Switzerland. See what comes out of these new opportunities. Oh, and continue reading three books, one on learning about DevOps, one on Go and Soph's great book by At the Gates Today. We talked about that. That's Soph's book. It's incredible. We're so excited. The nameless of the show, Nameless says, new connection, reorganize the office setup. My wife and I share an office space, but as I have been work from home and she had taken a break from school, I ended up taking over the space. I want this office to be equally hers as it is mine. So there she never feels like she needs to go to the dining room table to work on school when I'm working in the office. And additional new connection, dust off the resume. It might be job hunting season. Well, get that out. Get that, you know, resume shooting machine out or something. I don't know. I'm putting together some sort of metaphor here. So just smile and nod. And I pretend like I said something smart. All right. And one last connection coming from new conductor of the show. We have who is the of the show. When I graduate in April, I'm embarking on a long backpacking trip ending in London for the live show, but I currently don't have any plans for between when I get to Europe and when I leave Europe for the next couple of weeks, I want to nail down something in that middle bit. This is so exciting. I'm so excited to see what happens and where you're planning on go. And I am so proud of you for coming in and doing your first connection. If you would like to submit a connection for the first time, we would love to have you. I know it can be overwhelming, but believe me, we are all here to support you. You can go to in the in the relay discord. You can either go to hashtag show follow up channel and start your message with a condo emoji and then put your connection after. If it's your first time, you won't have a connection check. You'll just have a new connection. So don't worry about getting stressed about that. Nice and easy and simple. You can also submit a connection through feedback. This is if you are not a member of the discord, all you have to do is click the link in the show notes for feedback or visit relay.fm slash conduit slash feedback. And that will also get submitted for us to be able to access and read. You can also visit I am a superconductor to become a member today to get access to pre and post show banter and ad free episode and a coworking session in the off week off weeks with myself and Jay. That's letter I letter M letter a superconductor.com. And lastly, check out you con where it.com for some great conduit merch and some very specific discord versions as well. Thank you to E cam for sponsoring this week's episode. All right, Jay, I know you're not here right now, but we conded it.