---
description: We know we're supposed to say no but we don't! So let's talk about tips
  to saying no to ourselves and others.
pub_date: October 7th, 2021
title: '7: See, What We’re Not Gon’ Do… Saying No to Things!'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/7
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we condue our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit. I'm Jay, and I'm not even going to let my co-hosts introduce themselves because my co-host doesn't need an introduction. Folks, I am with the unicorn of the business world. Literally wrote the book on how to get help. The person that makes sure that entire podcast networks stay up 24-7, even when Facebook can't. The one, the only, Mrs. Soup herself, Kathy Campbell. Hi, Kathy. How are you? Wow. Wow. I was. Yeah, I definitely needed to be. So, friends, before the show started, Jay, I'm going to break the fourth wall here. Jay was like, oh, I was going to do something and then figured Kathy would be. I don't even remember what you said I would be. I said excited and angry at the same time. Excited and angry. And yes. And then throughout that intro. So, yeah. Welcome to Conduit. We're so happy you're here. And the absolute amazing Jay is hosting this episode today. And I'm super stoked. Should have told me no. Speaking of no, that's what we're going to be talking about later. But I had to get that a little bit of affirmations out to my wonderful co-host. Speaking of affirmations, I think we have some shout outs for the first time on the show. Kathy, what is the affirmations app? The affirmations app is one of the best apps in the app store. It's finally out of beta. And we are so proud of our conductor, Justin, who has brought into the world this incredible app. Not only is it an app whose widget will send you notifications or have a widget on the home screen or wherever you want it, giving you some positivity in your life, but the app itself has a wide array of customization features. It has a fidget mode, so all of the little haptic feedback, ticks and spin the wheels and buttons and all of the goodness. It has a ton of amazing resources for anything that you could need for mental health, mental help and any of that It's great for all over the world, like global resources. And it also has a breathe feature so that you can sit and just take a moment. And then also there's a fancy little tip section because Justin was very adamant that he wanted to make sure that he provided this for free and refused to put a paywall on it, which means that you can just throw him money in the tip form and make him blush every single time. So I don't know about you, but I've done that a couple of times. And it makes me so happy when our friends are able to finish something that they've worked so hard on and is worthy of the incredible support that he's received with it. True story about to happen. I found out about the affirmations app when it went live, downloaded it and showed it to my wife, who then proceeded to use the fidgets tool on it for a good 20 minutes on my phone, not her phone, because she could have downloaded the app herself, which I think she did after the fact, but took my phone from me and proceeded to use it. But Justin, thank you so much for this app. It's absolutely wonderful. I love the notifications I get. I love when I'm stressing or feeling a little zombified. I just can open up the app and have a nice, pretty and very customizable message. Just let me know that there's so much beauty in the world and I deserve to be here. And these are actually affirmations that I just pulled up on my phone right now to show you how relevant they are to you when you have these, you know, amazing apps with made by amazing people. So thank you, Justin. We're going to have a link in the show notes for that. But I also want to give a shout out to two people that I have come to meet and know better over the last year. And that is Hailey and Heidi. I'm sorry, Heidi. Those are Heidi and Heidi. Oh, my goodness. Wow. Javier, please save me. Those are Heidi and Hailey from Make Work Work. Stop. Hey, folks, Jay here. Yeah, it's actually Habi and Hailey. Habi and Hailey from Make Work Work. My bad. An amazing podcast of two friends just figuring out how to make work work and going through life. If you love conduit, you will absolutely love this show. I think of I think of it as if you if you took the things that we talk about and showed what they look like in just life happening, that is Make Work Work. Both of these amazing ladies are doing fantastic things in their careers and in productivity. And they also gave conduit a shout out. So we're reciprocating and we're going to shout out twice as loud to those two. So awesome. What about this last one? Yeah, another pair of fantastic people. We're going to give a shout out to our friends of the show, Skylar and Kim. If you are part of the relay discord, you will know them as the dragons. Skylar is the blue dragon and Kim is the book dragon. And they have just been an incredible support for everyone in the discord. And they have a podcast now. It's called Find My Dragon. And it's their their tagline is two friendly dragons. Kim and Skylar talk about random things. But what it is is an absolute delightful relationship that you are seeing grow on audio. The very first episode, they're talking about the very basic of podcasting, like how to sync audio and like get audio to work. It's just two human dragons that are just absolutely delightful. And you just want to give them both a nice warm hug. So if you want to friendly people talking in your ears in this as we head into the colder months in the northern hemisphere, I highly recommend Find My Dragon. I as soon as you told me about this, I immediately subscribed. My favorite podcasts are literally two friends talking about their friendship. And I think that that is something that a lot of a lot of folks that I've talked to in like podcasting world are like, I don't know what to talk about. And in my head, I'm just like, just just talk like most people will show up for you before they show up for your content or at least the people that you want to stick around. Yeah, so one of the biggest things that I've learned in the several years of doing friends in your ears and talking to people that have been listening to podcasts for decades is that people will start a show for the topic. They stay around for the voices, they stay around for the people that are doing it. And the very intimate nature of podcasts means that you get to become friends with these strangers. But sometimes these people that start podcasts are your friends. And that also makes it very cool. So I guess aside from connections, which we'll get to, if you have shout outs and you're a friend of the show that you want us to know about, become a member of Relay FM at Relay.fm slash conduit. Join us. Let us know in the discord what you're doing. We absolutely will love it and want to support it as much as possible. And hopefully shout outs can make it come back to the show. And if it does, I will need to find a bumper for it. So I'm just going to use this for now. All right. Awesome. Moving on to connection checks. Let's talk about meal planning. How did how did meal planning go? Well, when I made this connection, I forgot to take into account the fact that I would be gone for half of the time. So that I didn't do anything official. I did prep. I did cook instead of just like grabbing snacks or reheating something. I made like some taco meat that can be used in a variety of different ways. We did chicken and rice, which had leftover rice, which meant we could have things in a in a couple of ways. But I didn't decide that until like the afternoon. And so I'm I'm saying that this connection failed. I don't think I'm quite ready for it. My life is still a little bit too frenetic, frenetic, frantic. Hmm. What are words? It just it's not right. I think in the future, I will come back to this connection and give it the energy that it needs to have something sustainable that will benefit my family as a whole in addition to myself. So, yeah, the future will have a better connection for it. But this this fortnight, alas, it failed. I think that's OK, though. I mean, meal planning is absolutely one of those things that you have to have. I mean, it's almost like a spice cabinet. Like, you can't just be like, I'm going to get a spice cabinet and then spend hundreds and hundreds of dollars on spices, having no idea what you're going to use them for. Right. So I feel like meal planning is is one of those things that it's best done kind of slowly and methodically of like step one, figure out what my family likes to eat. Step two, figure out what time I have available to me. And like starting slow with maybe I just plan one meal for the week, like having like Taco Tuesday. That's always a great one. That's an easy one. It's it's thematic. You know, spaghetti Sundays is another one that I've heard of. I love it. Yeah, I think, again, it's it's being kind to myself and understanding that, hey, this is not a failure because the connection didn't work. This is not how we do it. In the famous words of Montel Jordan. Oh, this is how we do it. OK, Jay, show me how to do it. So my connection for this week was to not miss out. And I totally feel like I did it really well. Definitely some times where I struggled, but I will just throw out there. I had a couple of good opportunities to spend time alone and in the moment with what I was doing. And I totally did it. I did it so much, I distracted myself into making a video. Even as we're recording this last night, I actually said, I'm going to spend some time alone and take care of some admin stuff for work. And, you know, I'm just going to sit here and think about what I want to get done and how I want to get it done in a at a time where I'm not inundated with emails. I'm not inundated with Slack messages. I don't have, you know, my kids asleep. My wife's playing video games with family, so I can just have this time for me. And then in terms of spending time with family, that was another thing that got to happen. I got to spend some time just myself and my daughter. My wife and I spent a lot of time cleaning up our kitchen because we've had a bunch of birthdays all at once. So and people might think, like, OK, that's kind of cheating. But, you know, it really was cool to be able to just sit there and do dishes. And, you know, my wife was like drying dishes off as I'm washing them. And, you know, we're cleaning up together and we're joking and having a good time. And honestly, even those things that we don't want to do become so much easier when you can just ask someone around you that you care about, hey, let's let's just knock this out and have fun and, you know, spray each other with water and like, have a good time. Just really enjoy the moment. Oh, spraying each other with water sounds like torture right now, but I can see how it could be like beneficial. I had to mop anyway. Yeah. I love that, like getting to hang out with people, being able to, you know, spend time with the people that you love and enjoy spending time with. It doesn't matter what you're doing if you get to do this. I love the way that you did this challenge. And I think you did two thumbs up and nailed it. I love the way we also moved into our connections from our conductors. We have a few of these and I want to kind of jump off with the first two, which were themes like system naming, like connections, which are awesome. I love the movement that we've started where people are dumping the idea of following the trend and using those those hashtag names and coming up with their own that are fun. Like Scott, who decided to go with the Foo Fighters system. Scott, I have a confession to make. I love the name of the Foo Fighters system. I think it's awesome. You pick that system because it relies on different colors and shapes, a red X, a blue check and a green star to track progress on seven keywords on a daily basis, decided against a direct reference to the album, the color and the shape. I also prefer to hear it in my head spoken in Christopher Walken's voice. I'm not doing Foo Fighters at all. But Kathy, tell me about Izzy's because I heard this and I immediately started shouting in my head. Yes. So Izzy's connection check from a while ago, but better late than never. Absolutely. After a bunch of experimentation, I ended up labeling the top box of my theme system journal sales. Sales. Sales. It is the year of the sale after all. Sale as an essay, I.L., by the way, writing down each thing that my actions today show I care about. It's amazing how much difference framing makes in answering a question. What did I care enough about to work on today versus what did I do today? Give almost the same answer, but with a very different feeling about them. I adore this so very much because it's so true. Being able to kind of form the frame around what's going on can completely change the mindset, which can completely like adjust your mood and your willingness and ability to do other things or take a break. And that vibe is so important. And that's exactly what we're going for. And I love everything about this, but especially the sale. And it's now always in my head. Even if it doesn't work, you can blame it on my ADD. Wow. Deep cut, deep cut. Speaking of deep cuts, friend of the show, Maddie, deep cut the whole idea of brain dumping and just getting it out of her head. She said, I brain dumped, I brain dumped a lot. I brain dumped so much that I still feel scattered, but I'm making progress. And I'm only doing this because it's going to make sense. My connection is to continue for another two weeks. I need more time. And then we got a second one from Maddie that says, I don't feel scattered anymore. I feel like I culled my active projects down to a manageable level. That that's the point. That that's the idea is just getting it all out and just making that determination of like something's got to go. I can't do it. At some point, I'm just going to have to stop and then figure out how I can just make all of the things that are super important, the only things that are there. And I love that Maddie went into it and just kept brain dumping and recognized that she wasn't done. That's something I know I have a problem with a lot of times is I will say, have this expectation of, OK, so I've brain dumped for half an hour. So I'm done. Even though my brain is still full, even though I'm still scattered, even though I'm still drained or whatever. And I'll just be like, well, you know, this was enough time to put into it. So I'm finished. And instead, I think that it would benefit every piece of me if I recognize that it's OK to maybe take a break and come back and brain dump some more or do it the next day or or something like that. To not be. It's not performative brain dumping. It's purposeful brain dumping. And I think that is something that Maddie just completely nailed. And I'm so happy that she got to the point where she's feeling not as scattered. I love. What about Ryan? Oh, talk about scattered. Previously, Ryan informed us on his job search and all of that. Well, turns out he's got a job and is moving to a different state. And as someone who just moved a few blocks from my previous home, I wish you all the best of luck and patience and lack of pain and pressure and stress. And I hope that the end of the month, when it comes, everything is as smooth as possible. Absolutely. And Ankenu, I'm right here with you. Ankenu says I peanut buttered my connection. So I basically didn't do any of the music plans that I had and got rerouted. I think honestly, it's OK. I mean, the fact that you you know, friend of the show, Alex Cox does another show called Dubai Friday, which if you like this show and you're an adult, I emphasize you're an adult. You should go listen to that show, too. They give themselves tasks every week and they often peanut butter on those tasks. But at least they gave themselves time to their challenges. Exactly. Oh, you're right. Oh, sorry. Challenge. Challenge. Oh, yeah. So those challenges are I mean, they're sometimes they're not designed to be easy. And I know Ankenu, like you you're doing a lot. So don't feel bad if something had to wait. I think the idea there is to ensure that you're at least thinking about it. If you all know me, my system is not about what needs to be done. It's about what I'm doing. Therefore, there are a lot of things that I peanut butter on all the time because I just didn't get to it. And that's perfectly fine. And I love that you may not have done what you planned to do. And yet you rerouted to preparing for an informal video shoot. That is completely amazing. And so I don't think that you necessarily peanut butter. And I think you pivoted and had a different a different option. Oh, that's good. You could write a book on that. Pivot. Don't peanut butter. Amazing. Oh, go ahead. I was just going to say, and last but not least, we have Ellen. Take it away, Kathy. So Ellen has moved out from her previous place. And after six hours of scrubbing walls in the old house, they had and enjoyed a bath. Apparently it was not as luxurious as mine, but I don't know. It sounds pretty great. And so I'm so proud of you, Ellen. The bath movement in conduit is a thing. I feel like I feel like there's there's something here like conduit bath bombs or something. We should look at that. We should definitely look into that. I'm not going to lie, Kathy, I've in some of my time to myself when I wanted to relax baths. Yeah, they're there. It's a thing. Amazing. Well, before we jump out of this, I want to mention that all of our topics, all of our connections this week came from people within our community. And it's absolutely amazing. We have so many wonderful people in the relay FM chat talking about productivity, talking about life, providing follow up. I love that people are noticing that when we release these, I think someone mentioned like I love how conduit just takes over the chat rooms on Thursdays. And I was like, yes, the master plan is coming together. I was super excited to see that. But if you want to join them, you want to join these amazing people. One, you can also just send us your connections on Twitter using the hashtag my conduit and also making sure you mention at conduit FM. But if you want to join all of these wonderful people, relay FM slash conduit, become a member today. And yeah, just have a blast with us. I love hanging out with everyone. Yes, it's part of it's the best part of my day is getting to hang out with our friends. So we've got more new things. But before we do that, let's talk about our sponsor for this episode. Heck yeah. This episode is brought to you by Pingdom from SolarWinds. If you have a website, what purpose does it serve, whether it's driving people to your products, collecting sales leads for your company or providing customer service with a contact form? When these critical transactions fail, you lose out on that business. Not to mention a horrible experience for your users. But there is a solution, transaction monitoring from Pingdom. So starting at just ten dollars a month, transaction monitoring runs checks 24 hours a day, seven days a week. And we'll alert you when cart checkout forms or login pages fail before they affect your customers and your business. Pingdom will notify you the moment there is a failure over SMS, email or via your favorite apps like Slack, Ops Genie and PagerDuty. Depending on what's being monitored or monitored or the severity of the outage, you can also customize who's alerted and how they get the notification. Don't let your users discover a problem with your website. You should really be the first to know. And it's so easy to get started. Just go to pingdom.com slash RelayFM right now for a 30 day free trial. No credit card required. Then when you're ready to buy, use code conduit at checkout to get a huge 30 percent off your first invoice. Thank you so much to Pingdom from SolarWinds for their support of this show and RelayFM. Thanks. Zap. So, Kathy, how have things been going? Have they been going pretty terrible for you lately? No. Oh, well, I mean, don't you just love traffic? No. What about squid soup pie? Is that is that your favorite dessert? No. I mean, Kathy, it sounds like you're pretty good at saying no. No. For those that don't know, our topic for this week is saying no. I feel like it's something we're so good at, but also so bad at. It's been a journey and definitely, I don't know about Jay, but I'm constantly having to work on making sure that I am saying no when it's really important and trying to get better at saying no when it's not as important. Yeah. The challenge that I have is usually whether or not I want to say no isn't based on importance. It's based on how cool the thing sounds. Right. So for me, anytime someone's like, oh, I have this idea for a thing in my head, it's immediate like, oh, yeah. And then you can do this and do this. Before we were recording, I was talking about this thing that I want to do where I can hold like local tournaments at conferences where I work and then like use that information in my head. I'm like, this is probably like 200 hours of work that you're volunteering yourself for. Are you sure you want to do this? Paid or like a benefit. Like, yeah, it's been who having a very hard time, not just saying no, but readjusting priorities to things that I've said. Said yes to previously. But knowing that if I had just said no in the first place, I wouldn't be in this issue. And the the drop, not drama, but like my life is not better because I said yes to something. A lot of the times, there are so many incredible things that I have said yes to that I don't regret at all. But I have recently been on a journey of re-evaluating options and choices that come into my life so that I'm not getting as overwhelmed. And that means I have to say no. And before we we continue on this, I want to mention, yes, we understand. There are so many books, so many podcasts, so many videos that are all about the power of saying no. One, I want to say no to all of those, because I usually get very frustrated and upset because like hearing the same thing over and over and over again doesn't make it any easier. But that being said, we do want to provide some things that we do that make saying no a little bit easier. And we've kind of broken it down in two spaces. One, telling people no, which I think is a lot easier than the second one, which is telling ourselves no. So, Kathy, I want to know you're a fancy business person with all these responsibilities. And I know that for you, when you have to tell, I don't know, a new client or a potential client no, there's like a monetary like punishment to that. How do you do it? It helps. Let me start off by saying that I am aware of the privileged position that I'm in and that I can say no to clients and I can't or potential clients. I can maybe transition, offer them a different opportunity, specifically if they're not ready for what I provide. It's it's so much easier when those red flags are going off. And I know that this is not going to be a good relationship. This isn't going to benefit me. It's not going to benefit them. It's going to just take time, effort and energy that we don't want to provide. And so those are really easy. Those are really because I have learned over the many years that I've been doing this, that, hey, it's better for me if I say no now than put any more anything into that relationship and not just with business relationship, but personal relationships, too. And I'm not saying, oh, my gosh, you did something wrong and now I'm never going to be your friend anymore. But there's a pattern of behavior that can happen with people that if you're paying attention and are looking at it in a serious way, you can say, OK, this relationship is harming me more than it's helping. Maybe it's time to say no to the energy that they're draining from me. And I get that it's so hard and it's so difficult. None of this is easy. Like I said, it's a constant working process. But I know that I am so much happier because I've started saying no and saying no in a way that feels authentic to me, too, and not being mean, not being harsh, not being a jerk, but being able to be a little bit selfish and not in the negative context of it, but in a I needed to take care of myself so I can take care of others. So I love how Kathy is very professional and super businesslike. I tell people, no, in the most ratchet way possible. Like, that's that's just my goal in life is I want to find the most creative way to tell somebody, no. And one of the funniest things that I've discovered recently is there's been a TikTok trend that talks about the phrase F around and find out that is like you may test that assumption at your earliest convenience. That's so good. It really is. And that has inspired me to just think about all of the unique and yet still somewhat, I don't want to say polite, but professional ways to tell people no. And in my head, I hear like all of like my mom and my sisters and like what you're not going to do is. And that is that is how I say no, is I make it the biggest challenge of like, how can I not only say no in a unique way, but to get my point across so that people know that I am not just saying no but I'm setting a boundary. And I think that is that is a thing that makes saying no in the future even easier. People know if I have, you know, a thing happening, if my daughter, which is not in school at the moment, but if my daughter has a thing, the answer is yes to her before it is yes to anyone else. If I have to say no to her, I'm going to be really sad because that's a thing that I struggle with is telling my daughter no in general. Therefore, it is much easier for me to tell someone who I don't have to change diapers on, which luckily she's potty trained now, so we don't do that anymore. But even in a world where she wasn't potty trained, her yeses are more important than saying no to anyone else. Therefore, I'm going to do that. Yes. The other side of that is also being able to tell people no without telling them no. And that is just one of the best ways, in my opinion, of doing it. If someone's like, I have this great idea for you, set the standard so high that they no longer have that idea for you. I've had a few people ask me like, hey, can you do this thing for me? Or, oh, hey, I have this idea. What does this look like? And I go, well, let's set up a consultation call. Oh, a consultation. Why does it have to sound so professional? Because it is. And I love what I do and I'm good at it. Therefore, I deserve to get paid. And my rates are probably higher than you can afford. So I'm sorry if you really want this. You got to go through the process. Man, that is a great, great not game to play, but it's like when there's when there's something that I don't want to do, but I feel like I need them, I need them to break up with me. I can't be the one to break up with them. Making sure that you're like staying true and holding tight to your boundaries in that way. And, you know, making charging your full rates, maybe charging more. You are in charge of your business. You're in charge of your time. And it's OK to to give whatever out that might help you feel better to say no by letting them be the one that says no. That's a great idea. It also helps to know that by saying no, you open up the door to a better yes. And I don't mean that in like that you get more time to do the things that you enjoy. But it's like quite literally, you can raise your rates on things that you do that you're good at. And there will be people that will just be like, OK, I will pay that. And I have learned that so many times. And more than anything, beware of vultures, beware of people that will just pick your body to death and then continue to pick it. They will pick your time. They will pick your attention. They will saying yes to them even once opens the door for them to just completely drain you of all time, energy and passion in the things that you want to do. We're heading into spoopy season, and that means that the vampires are coming out to play. Oh, man. Oh, we've only got one more episode in October. That means we have to we might have to do the vampire episode. Oh, I'm here. Yes. OK. Make a note of that. Awesome. So we're going to put a pin in that one about bewareing of the vampires that are around. But we've talked about telling other people, no. What about telling ourselves, no, because that's a little bit different. It's so difficult. So I know, Jay, you have a lot of ideas. You get a lot of excitement. You get are passionate, passionate about projects that you do. And I'm the same way. And that makes it very difficult to say no to ourselves. We get a great idea and decide, hey, if I just did this, what would that look like? Oh, my gosh, it's a great idea. This this is a niche that's not being covered. This is a hole in the market that's not being filled. I need to go do it. But really? The the effort and time to make it. Happen and flourish in a way that's more than just what I can provide now means that really, it's probably not going to be beneficial. It's not going to directly influence my day to day joy, my day to day income, my day to day, whatever you're you're you're trying to track. But it's so exciting and it's shiny and it's new. And you watched all of the YouTube's and you did all the research. And even though you should have said no to yourself before all of that happened. And yeah, I don't have an answer for this. To me, my my answer is again, it goes back to that opening up the door to a better. Yes. And I think that that that is where I've gotten with myself. Of hey, there's an opportunity available to me. OK, what if I say no to this to open the door to an even bigger opportunity? And I know that sometimes that's pie in the sky thinking. And sometimes you just don't have the ability to do that. And I will absolutely acknowledge the privilege that I have in being able to just not take opportunities when they happen. But to be honest, there's there have been very few opportunities that like people were like, it's now or never. And then I jumped on them. And honestly, it would have been better off with just the never approach. Yeah. I mean, yeah, a good example of this. And I I learned this from the one Kathy Campbell probably three years ago. Oh, I was trying to turn what I was doing as a podcast into like a full time production business. And I had reached out to Kathy, who I had met through a potential client of mine and just having the conversation. Kathy was like, yeah, we can totally do this. Let's set up a consultation call. It'll be like a bajillion dollars. That's not what she really said. But in my head, that's what it felt like. And I had the money to do it. And in my head, I was like, I could do this. I could get going. But I feel like if I go through with it now, I'm not going to be able to benefit. So, I mean, I still had a full time job. I was doing all this stuff. I really didn't have a new baby and a new baby. I didn't have the time or the energy to commit to the big goal. And I was like, yeah, Kathy, that sounds great. Let me look at some stuff and I will get back to you and I'm ready to get started. And I just didn't. Yeah. And guess what? I knew that that was the right thing for you. I didn't go, oh, my gosh, Jay, what are you thinking? How dare you not give me my money? Like, no, I knew I could tell. I could feel that that wasn't the right thing for you right now. Well, and I mean, I was still hard headed and said yes to other opportunities. And, you know, those burned out. And I was like, man, I probably should have said no to those. And then they came back and I charged them twice as much. So as you can see, when you say no to certain things and yes to other things, and then those yeses should have been nos, it you learn like I would say that's probably the biggest advice that I have on telling myself. No, it's think about the last time you said yes to this. What happened? And that to me, anytime you have to tell yourself, but this time it'll be different. This isn't a relationship advice podcast. But think about what the relationship advice podcast would tell you if you told them, but yeah, this time it's going to be different. Well, and along that those same lines, enthusiastic consent is very similar to this and that you should enthusiastically want to say yes, not just a lukewarm. Yeah, that sounds like fun or OK. I could see this being X, Y or Z, but making it something that you literally can't stop thinking about, that you are so excited that you dream about it because you've said no to other things and you have the space to make it happen. Kind of like this podcast, for example, means that the things that come into your life are that are making you scream from the rooftop. Yes means that it's worth it. And it's going to it's not going to be an immediate thing that you can magically be able to tell yourself no easily all the time. But hopefully we're helping you get to the point where you can work on it and get better at when to say no so that you can start saying yes to the real things. Totally. And just as Kathy mentioned, like this show, this show would not have been a yes had I not been willing to say no to other things. I had five shows when I met Kathy, and now I'm down to one. And a part of that was making sure that my yeses had enough space by saying no to other things. And again, we know that there are so many tropes and we've tried to avoid all of them in doing this. But there is very much when you say no to one thing, you can. It's not necessarily saying yes to something else. Well, it is, but we're not going to get all super motivational here. But it's it's giving yourself space to say yes to the things that you really want to do. And just like how we had how we had Ankenu earlier who just said, you know what? I peanut buttered. He said yes by saying no. And it might be stressful at the time of just like, hey, I'm not able to do this thing that I really want to do at the moment. But that also gave me space to go do this other thing that I really wanted to do and maybe wanted to do a little bit more than this other thing. So I think being able to reward yourself when you say no by enjoying the things that you're saying yes to will make you more excited. The next opportunity you get to tell somebody, no, or in the way that I would do it. See, what you're not going to do is invade my time and my space and my opportunities like that. Yeah, yeah. Keeping keeping that those boundaries in play means that you will get to enjoy the joy to come because other opportunities will always appear and you may not be able to see them if you're trying to fight the the yeses that you've done that weren't really right. So what we're saying is say yes to no. You know. Oh, OK. Oh, yes. No, no, no. But what we are going to say yes to are our connections for this coming week. Kathy, what is your connection? My connection, I'm going to pull from front of the show, Maddie, because I am with the move and with being gone for a week. I am feeling so scattered and so just like discombobulated with everything going on. And I think I need to brain dump until I'm done. And that may be a multiple day process. And I'm OK with that. We are going to brain dump it all the way. I'm going to sit in my fancy beanbag chair and burn a candle and drink some water and brain dump on my iPad and just spill it all out into notability. Got it. Brain dump until you're done. Brain dump it all away. Beanbag, candle, water, iPad, iPad, all the dumpage, all the brains just going to happen. Spill it all over like a zombie. I was going to say you could you could definitely be a zombie in our our no or Octoberish themes that we have here. I love this. I will always tell people I love doing brain dumps. I feel like the micro brain dumps are good, but it's the ones that take days that you just feel so in control and so in the know about what you've got going on. I'm jealous because I would love to do a brain dump. I can't right now. But what I will do is my connection. I'm going to be out of town in the in-between times of our recordings, and I'm going to be at a people event, an event with people, which terrifies me. It's the first one that I've gone to in almost two years. I don't know what to do, but it's for work. And it's also the first time that I get to meet some of my co-workers for the first time in person, which is fantastic and wonderful and amazing and terrifying all at the same time, because I'm socially awkward and I'm going to try my best not to be. But I know that I'm an introvert. So my goal, my connection for this week is to say no to plans once, to give myself permission to say no, because I'm going to be in the moment. Everybody's going to want to do that thing. And I'm going to be like, but I'm so tired and I don't want to do it. So I'm going to have to say no. And I'm going to have to get good at saying no. And I'm not going to get all, you know, snappy with it and be like, well, what you're not going to do is deny me my tacos for dinner. But what I will do is just politely say, you know, I'm a little spent. I think I'm just going to go back to my hotel room and relax. So I'm going to say yes to hanging out in the hotel room where I do my traditional watching ridiculousness for like four hours because it's always on. And that will involve saying no to coworkers and friends and people who I am meeting and hanging out with for the first time. Amazing. That is great. And totally on par for this show episode. And I think we have some conductors that also have some connections for this week. Ankenu, who very much has inspired us this episode, says, I think my connection is to ground myself in some hobby time and help reduce some resistance I feel towards actuation. That is a ten dollar word, my friend. Wow. Actuation in my work life and recalibrate my. You're just trying to sound smart here. I see what you're doing. Well, nailed it. You are doing a great job at that. Grounding yourself in some hobby time. Yes. Yes. Do this. I like. Do you have any feelings on hobbies? Oh, I love hobbies. In fact, I have a few hobbies. Have I have I ever told you about the wonderful world of Tetris? What? Oh, yeah, it's totally a thing. You should hear about it sometimes. I'm so excited to hear what hobbies you have on canoe. I'm so excited. Maddie has their next connection, defining the theme. It's getting towards the end of the year, which means it's almost time for the new yearly themes, but also they had their theme is the chapter of dots. And it wasn't working for them anymore. And so she's saying that she felt she needed some stability and foundation. And Judica helped her come up with a resonant phrase of the season of foundation to get started. And she just needs to decide what that foundation needs first. And I love that not only did she recognize that the yearly theme that she had picked was not correct, which is always impressive. And but she figured out what she does need it to be. And more importantly, is able to look at the steps that that's going to take to make that foundation work. And that's super impressive. And we're so happy that you've gone through and done what you're doing. And I can't wait to hear how it's going. All right. So, Tony, man, I will say our community has done some wonderful things with their name changes for the season. And it's making it really hard. It's really hard for me to figure out. It's really difficult, but it's fine. It's fun. It's hard. It's fun. But Tony said my connection for the next little while, not even for the next couple of weeks, for the next little while. So we'll have to check back in with Tony when he's done with this. Is building back habits into his life with compassion. He says, I've fallen into a toxic productivity trap where I had lots of routines set up. But if I didn't complete all the habits and the routines, my inner critic would round off, would round on me and I'd feel like rubbish. I think I know where Tony's from. So for the past couple of months, I've deliberately let my routines fall away and focus on building up myself, compassion. And now I think I might be ready to dip my toe back in. Tony, best of luck to you, my friend. I really love this idea of saying I I want to be more productive, but I don't like how I'm treating myself as I'm trying to be more productive. So let me let me just let some things fall away. And once I feel like I'm in a good space to love on myself, I can now slowly reintroduce some of these things, but do it in a way that isn't going to feel so toxic. Yes, making sure that you are able to give yourself that grace and kindness, because none of us are perfect. No one can do everything perfectly every day. And I think it's so important. And I'm so proud of you for being able to recognize and acknowledge that you need that compassion and being able to publicly state it and being able to say, hey, I know I want to do this and I need to do it with compassion means that you will succeed. Absolutely. And then we've got one a great one. I think we're on Dave. So Dave has a thought and an idea, and I'm so happy. So he says a potential topic suggestion, being productive, self-developing from a place of self-love and acceptance of who you are. Might just be me, but a lot of my drive desire to be productive, self-develop came and still does, but to a lesser extent, from a place of dissatisfaction with who I felt I was at the moment and where I was in my life. What skills, techniques can we deploy or develop so we can be productive while also accepting we are worthy of love as we are in this moment? And first off, let me just say that is what the show is about. We wanted to make sure that we were able to recognize and acknowledge who we are as people, where we are in our life and be not necessarily content because we do want to grow and try and be better people. But recognizing that where we're at isn't necessarily wrong. We have not failed as humans because we are making mistakes, being able to realize that we can love ourselves and still want to be better. And I love that Dave put this so like greatly, because, yes, we are all worthy of love and we are worthy of loving ourselves and what we are doing. And you can't take a book that says you have failed because you're not waking up at 4am and having that harm yourself, mental state and your mental beliefs and your thoughts and your day to day stuff, because you can't wake up at 4. Being able to recognize where you work best, how you work best and why you're working and what you're doing and playing and all of those things and being able to turn around and say, this is who I am right now. This is my goals for the future. I just I please, please give yourself love. We're here to help remind you to love yourself and that you are worthy of that love and worthy of that care and worthy of being the best person that you are. Two things on this one, Dave, have you met Tony? I feel like you and Tony would have a great conversation. I feel like that I feel like what we've done here is we've created a space where people who think alike can come in and share their thoughts and then go off and like converse with one another and really start to make for better productivity conversation. And I love that. So, Dave, one connection suggestion, reach out to Tony and say, hey, Tony, what are some of the things that you're doing to bring that compassion back in and to bring, you know, to kind of get rid of some of that, the toxicity or the dissatisfaction that you're seeing. And if for some reason Tony's not available, go back and listen to some of the episodes that we've put out, because I will say, and we talked about this a lot. We want to keep the positivity level high, even when the topics are not as, you know, happy. And we started off with the first few episodes with some topics about, you know, finding the ability to love yourself and even when you don't love the situation and just working around those things. So if you haven't already go back and listen to some of those earlier episodes, because I really do think that some of that care that we talk about, if if it doesn't show, then please let me know so that we can go back and rerecord all of them over again. Oh, now. Oh, now. I think Kathy's saying no on that one. OK. Anyway, moving on. Our last connection for the week is from Izzy, who I will say, Izzy, keep it up. You're you're you're being very friendly to the show and I love it. But you have a nickname there. My connection for the near future is a simple one to start going on daily walks again and spend more time outside now that the weather is cooling down. Thanks, Texas. Upside down, smiley face. I'm not sure. I'm not sure about the shade you threw there. Maybe that's why it's cooling down a bit. But Izzy, I love this. I've recently started going on walks myself. I think someone else was going on walks, too. So by all means, this is wonderful. Those walks, those daily walks, that's that time alone, that time alone with you, one of my favorite songs by Justin Collier or not, Justin Collier, Jacob Collier, who I will I will put that song in the in the chat as well or in the chat. My goodness. I didn't say no to myself in talking. I will put a link in the show notes to that song because I feel like it is such a great and wonderful walking song. I think that's fantastic. Being able to take that time for yourself and enjoying the outside when it's not actively trying to kill you for a little bit before it gets worse is is great. We finally have rain back here in the Pacific Northwest. And my heart is very happy. But it does mean that it's harder to spend time outside. But I'm still working on on finding that time to spend outside when I can. I love it. Kathy, we've we've done a lot. And I'm afraid to ask the next question because we've talked about saying no so much. But at some point, the show's got to end. So I'm just going to say it, Kathy. Did did we do we do it? Yeah, Jay, we can't did it.