---
description: "Kathy and Jay are having long weeks and when times get tough we look
  to find zen in a variety of places. \r\n\r\nWe talk about music games and conversations
  that add a little chill to our frantic lives. "
pub_date: March 7th, 2024
title: '70: Gimme F&!!#&g Zen'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/70
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we condue our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that always has their head in the Rhytology. This episode is brought to you by Micro.blog. I'm Jay and with me is my friend and unicorn amigo, the one Kathy Campbell. Hey, Kathy. Hola. Kathy. Oh, goodness. Are we ready? Let's do this again. So this week in the Discord, Kathy, what happened? All the usual chaos as per, I guess, usual. So we had a lot of chaos with a friend of the... basically, wait, is that? See, what happened was... Yeah. So anytime, anyone that knows me knows that I have very specific beliefs on if something is a sandwich or a soup. Right? This is, this is, yes. We're not, we're not getting into that. However, what we are getting into is the fact that if somebody asks if a person of some sort is a sandwich or soup, I reply with, do not eat people without their consent. Now, Discord has a new feature where the AI comes in and will give random notifications about some, what somebody is discussing in a channel. And at one point there was a notification given to our Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show that said, I was chatting about cannibalism and soup. And that kind of, you know, brought everything into, yeah, yeah, let's just say chaos was there and move on. I think that this is the situation with AI in most cases is it's, it's like the friend who can't read the room. Sometimes I am that friend. So I absolutely get this, but in many cases there is a situation and the situation is like, okay, yes, technically this is what was going on, but I feel like we come on better, better context. Technically it was a hundred percent accurate because then we went into a discussion about cannibalism and soup. Like, and like we were also talking about soup in there too. Is, is the gazpacho bad if the fingers have warmed it up? Like I don't, is that like the, the talking point, the gazpacho, the cold soup, the body temperature from the fingers would warm up the cold soup and then therefore, is it still gazpacho? You're, I don't know where your brain went in that. And that's okay. We're going to move on. What happened during the coworking? Um, well, as, as often when I do and travel, I make a surprise appearance into the coworking from a random location. And this time I was in all of places, New Jersey. It seems like the last two times I've had to like appear not in my home. I've been in places that I, I usually am not a fan of. So after doing donuts in the sky for a few hours, our flight got redirected from New York to LaGuardia from New York, New York city to New York. New York city. New York city. To Newark, New Jersey. Um, in which I got into an Uber who did not verify that I was who I was supposed to be, um, and also, uh, seemed very, very eager to leave the airport as fast as possible. I'm guessing this is just in New York slash New Jersey thing. Um, so after sharing my location with Kathy, because I wasn't quite sure I was going to make it out, I proceeded to stay in the zoom call the entire time. Showing live video of my locations. Um, so that if for some reason I disappeared, I would at least have the conduit audience or the, the conduit superconductors and coworking, uh, be able to verify my last location. Yeah. So basically what we're saying is the coworking can also serve as an opportunity for safety precautions. Yes. And sometimes financial advice since Kathy gave me the best financial advice of my life regarding the stock market. Oh yeah. Mm hmm. Only because you were being absolutely ridiculous with your reasoning. I'm just saying if you're going to get a new phone, make them pay for it. Anyways, if you want to be, oh wait, no, that's your part. Yeah. If you want to, if any of that sounds like fun, if you want to talk about cannibal soup or getting lost in New Jersey, uh, become a super conductor today, you can visit, I'm a superconductor.com to become a member. You'll also get access to the pre and post show where in the pre show, we talked a lot about, uh, raising children and children's cartoons and why productivity in new jobs. Oh yeah. Actual helpful, beneficial, helpful stuff. So like that's not that our main show isn't helpful. And why the monarchy is doomed in Wales. Um, it don't. If you want to know why ask Mike Hurley, I mean, ask, join, become a super conductor today. Um, let's talk about shout outs. Kathy, who do you have a shout out for? Shout out to mini soups, ex-boyfriend's mom who came through with a live cat trap to help us get the kitten home. Uh, if you listened to our previous episode, uh, we kind of had to end early and had a little bit of a traumatic, you know, a different, different ending for the episode, shall we say, um, because the cat got out the kitten, the four month old kitten escaped the backyard like a ninja, uh, and proceeded to spend most of the night under the shed. Um, he, we almost got him like four different times, uh, just with treats and calling him and whatnot. And it was absolutely pouring down rain and so muddy that I ended up, um, standing barefoot in the mud. So I wouldn't slide down the hill. So that was fun. Uh, and by the next morning, uh, we were like, okay, we're going to need some extra help because at this point he was so scared and so like, no, he didn't know what to do and we couldn't get him all the way out in order to grab him. And so I put out a call and received a live cat trap on our porch and use that within 15 minutes of putting it out. He was in the cat trap and it was, uh, great to bring him home. And now he's being a little brat and just yelling out in the living room. So I apologize if he can hear that. We cannot hear that at least not on our recording. Um, that's awesome. And I'm glad that things ended, um, on a good note. I'm also surprised and very, um, impressed that relationships of parents outlast the relationships of the individuals. Um, yeah, I'm, I'm like, we still have like a every other month, um, like hang out. You're like, we go get brunch. It's super awkward for the kids. Um, but now we don't bring the kids with us. Okay. Well, that's good. Come on. That's, um, okay. On my end, shout out to some friends that I made in New York and shout out to my coworkers, I'm going to send a picture in the chat. You know that it's a good team when you're like, welcome to the company. Gift is a custom mini fig of which I am putting in the chat now. Boom. Like, oh my gosh, it's so cute. I was like, this is great. I love that idea. That is adorable. Yeah. So yeah, having a good team is amazing and wonderful. And I'm excited for all of the future I have there. Uh, now it's time for connection check. Oh, it's so good to have the connection checks back. Uh, Kathy, what was, what was your connection there? Uh, yeah. So my connection was to find some Zen or as, uh, they like, don't spoil it. I, I'm not going to, but, um, I will attach a link to a song in the show notes. Um, that will have a link to a, a song that is not really appropriate, but has been my mantra for the last two weeks. And, uh, I gave myself a green check mark because I did find some Zen in the week. It's not why, why men great till they got to be great. Not, not that one. No. Okay. Okay. I know, I know we do enjoy, well, it's complicated. It's always complicated. You can't, you can't like anyone anymore because the second you do, they do something that messes it up. Um, no, that's awesome. Um, my connection was to give myself grace because traveling, onboarding, and feeling like I'm not accomplishing anything. What I will say is I think that there's value in being communicative and open about your insecurities. Um, me just being realistic and me telling, you know, coworkers like, Hey, I, I understand the reality is that I, there is no expectation of me to do all of these amazing things on day one. That doesn't stop me from not having anxiety about it. Um, I think was really helpful. I think it, it puts some other folks at ease. Um, but also I'm pretty sure they got tired of me saying it by the end of the week. And now I'm actually in a position to where I am doing things. And I think that it is harder now than it was then because the, while the expectation hasn't really changed all that much, there's application happening. So, you know, first, first couple of weeks, you're like, ah, do the, do the trainings, sit in the meetings, learn, write stuff down. And now it's like, create that first impression of the quality of work that you were going to put out with, with the expectation being in some ways, you were not meant to be an expert on this because you're, it's still new. And I'm, I'm having to try to make sure that I do a good job at the things that I know that I can do a good job on while also giving myself the grace of like, Hey, some of these bits you're probably not going to know a lot about. So there are going to be mistakes and being okay with that. Yeah. I think that's really, really healthy and smart and well done. And our artists of the show, Carly says, green circle. I got the client. I met with the person she wants me to build her website for. That's awesome. I'm so excited. I had a friend of mine tell me that doing work like this is so much easier than like getting into the job market. And I was like, I have anxiety for this and I have anxiety for all my friends who are doing these kinds of things, but I'm glad to know that my anxieties, uh, did not reflect the reality that you absolutely could do it. Yeah. Our trained enthusiasts of the show, Railsy says connection check green square. Not much has changed, but some good reading has taken place. Excellent. Our soprano of the show, Dubbo says connection check. Did my taxes foreshadowing. Bum bum. Uh, our shark of the show, Chris says connection check. My connection was to commit to get my guitar restrung. Red X higher priorities for my family. Bumped it out. Totally valid and acceptable. Our identical twin of the show. A A Ron says connection check green tree. Had a nice time away from the city with my friends and my brother. Awesome. Our pathologist. Wow. Pathologist of the show. Laura says connection check yellow heart. My connection was to be less overwhelmed. I did maybe okay. Last week was a lot life and work wise, but this week I'm limiting my morning to do lists to two main focuses and my afternoon to do lists to two main focuses every day. This made me realize I'm not sure I'll have time to do everything I want this month and may need to push some projects. I feel okay about this because that was going to happen anyways, but now I'm more on board on board with reality. I'm realizing I definitely need more time to get things done than I was giving myself. And that is some clarity that should definitely be, uh, applauded, uh, learning that. How much time stuff actually takes and how much time you can do, like how much time you have to do things is way healthier than trying to cram it all into a very small spot. Hello, Jay. I fixed it. I broke something. I fixed it. I was like, uh, good. Okay. Uh, our panda of the show, James said, did not exactly take a break. So for that, a red X, uh, I'm going to say that again. Red X. I did not exactly take the break. I said I would new glasses turned out to not be right. The right prescription for me, which meant that my Apple vision pro lenses were wrong too, not to mention that the other glasses still haven't turned up. So the headaches persist and I still can't look at screens for a long time. And even my precious books are proving to be a bit of a challenge. I should give myself a red X for things mostly out of my control. The conduit council can decide. Okay. I'm going to say that I am willing to make it a yellow X instead of a red X. If you commit to being the red panda of the show and not the trash panda of the show. Wow. These are my terms. Uh, well, I'm going to, uh, say that that is, uh, no, you get a yellow heart anyways, James, and I am in charge of this right now. So anyways, moving on our techs podcast listener of the show. Pilex says connection check green Apple. We applied for jobs and have called the garage and fixed my car. Didn't clean the slow cooker, but I meant to do that last week during the coworking session and then couldn't attend. So it's okay. I'll just move it. Perfect. There, there is now some controversy around the ranking of pandas. Um, no, the con the discussion is that trash pandas are not actually pandas. That's okay. I'm fixing it. Boom. There we go. Order, order put in. Um, all right. Our fish bear of the show, fishy guy says my household admin pile did get smaller, but barely I still pass. Our tire advocate of the show, chinthas connection check red circle. I was attempting to have the first draft of a training course done by today. Unfortunately, I've only got as far as an outline, but you are working forward towards it. So even though you didn't get the first draft, I would still give you a yellow heart because you were working on it. Oh, or Canadian trivia card enthusiasts of the show. Erica says yellow heart. I spent six days in the bed with influenza a not to be confused with the Canadian version, which is influenza a, um, six days, partly in bed while spouse had COVID and I'm still coughing. So I did not quite get healthy. Um, reminder, wear your masks. Um, yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Feel better. The, ah, of the show, ah, says connection check yellow sun. I got super busy with school over the past week and didn't get the chance to do more trip planning at all, but at the very least I managed to book my hostel for my first stop in Lisbon. Ooh, exciting. Yeah. Uh, our nameless of the show nameless says green check. I moved some desks around in the office. Hopefully this will help my wife feel more comfortable working at her desk. Also side note nameless. Come on. That was a trick because I totally thought she meant your office at work. And I was like, Ooh, the high jinx begin. Um, but no, you did a nice thing. And I guess that's cool too. Um, so yep, now my help that'll help my wife feel more comfortable working at her desk without feeling she's looking over my shoulder while I'm working. Unfortunately, in this move, both, we discovered the legs on our desk for being held in place by hopes and prayers. It's time to invest in new desks. Sadly, it appears to be job hunting season as I dust off my resume and start sending it out. Um, Oh my goodness. That's, that's a lot of things happening all at the same time. Um, please, you should move the desks in the office too. I feel like that would be a good, uh, especially since it might be job hunting season, um, so if you're going to do that, why not go out with the bang? Uh, our mountain dweller of the show, Logang says connection check, a green check mark, not my original connection, but I recovered from COVID mostly. Get, get, get, get, get, get, get better. This episode of conduit is brought to you by micro.blog. Blogging is still the easiest way to share stuff on the web and micro.blog is the easiest way to blog. Personal blogging is making a comeback thanks to all the disruption in social media. So if you have always wanted to build your own place on the internet to keep and share the stuff you love, micro.blog is for you. micro.blog is the blog you will actually use because we've made it so easy to write short or long blog posts, share photos, keep a log of the books you've read, and even create your own podcasts. But more than a place to post your stuff, it's also a friendly community of people with a wide range of interests who share and comment via micro.blog social timeline, which is managed by humans, not bots. It's a social network you can feel good about. And because micro.blog is open, you can use your own domain name, cross-post to Twitter or X Tumblr and Mastodon. You can also follow and be followed by Mastodon users directly with conversations threaded across both micro.blog and Mastodon. And finally, you can share your RSS feed so anyone can follow you. I'm going to give a shout out to one of our conductors. I think we've talked about this conductor before, but they are now on micro.blog. And I will just read their last reply from ponders on micro.blog. Millennials are killing the family and pets industry all because of these fancy ski goggles. If you want to know more about why, then you need to check out micro.blog. Micro.blog hosting starts at five dollars a month. Head to micro.blog and sign up for the 30 day free trial. Use the coupon code relay and you'll get a special deal with your standard subscription. You'll get a premium account at no extra charge. That's five dollars a month for hosting that includes all our premium features, including podcast hosting. That's a saving of 50 percent. Micro.blog and code relay are thanks to micro.blog for their support of this show and all of Relay FM. Thanks, Kathy. I we were talking about this a little bit earlier about how sometimes we go on these religious journeys and they take us to Buddhism or Buddhism, as some people call it, in which there is no dogma and there is no doctrine. And we ultimately lean towards the thing that is the direct experience of what we might call ultimate reality or absolute. Yet it is not separate from the ordinary or the relative. It is the direct experience. It is our birthright and the practice known as Zen. Yep. So all of that to say this was from some Zen website. They focus on Zen a lot. Honestly, we do a really good job of making fun of these types of things, but we also recognize their value. So you mentioned that there was a song that you've been you've been playing on repeat that was kind of your mantra. What was it called? It's actually just called Zen. Oh, nice. Yeah, it's by Ex Ambassadors with Kay Flay and Grandson. I've been a fan of Ex Ambassadors for a while now, ever since I was lucky enough to be a part of a Jeep commercial where I listened to their song Renegades about 50 different times and I still like it. So that says a little something about, you know, kind of the whole situation and everything. And I was a big fan of Kay Flay from like a long time. Just I think that the cool thing about Kay Flay is Kay Flay has a psychology degree and there is like this level of like she's rapping in the idea of just like getting these thoughts out of her head, but also doing it from like introspectiveness of of living, which I would say is probably what happens with a lot of music. But to have like the reality of knowing that that's what you're doing and being able to speak to it directly is really cool. Yeah. And Grandson's just grandson. We don't. Yeah. Well, and I love I really love when artists do collaborations because I can find new people to listen to, which is always really fun. So mad props to that. Again, it is not a really appropriate song, so don't listen to it with kids in the car. But we will have a link in the show notes. I mean, I'm not going to tell you how to raise your kids. That's true. Without knowing without knowing what you're talking about. How about that? Yeah. I think that it was very timely in that, you know, as we as we mentioned last week was really, really just buck wild, just so much stuff happening. There's a lot of things happening on our end in terms of like work transitions and stuff like that and kind of expectations. And like, Kathy, what what would you say if I told you that I had to magically come up with with about somewhere between 20 and 30 thousand dollars over the course of a weekend? I would cry. Yeah. And that's not just to replace, you know, the giant hole in my wall right now because of a leaking refrigerator that's covered by insurance. This was a part of a like nonprofit community type thing that we're doing where words were said and suggestions were made. I can't call them promises because I guess technically they weren't promises. But in the in the sense of trying to do the right thing by a bunch of amazing people, we had to figure out how we were going to raise all of this money, especially when we're technically not allowed to raise money. So it was more like, how do I raise this money without actually collecting the money and then getting people to be generous enough to give these this money to individuals on a one to one scale to help them out, which makes things significantly more complicated. By the end of it, I just wanted some peace. Wait, so you didn't need this money for yourself? It wasn't for me. It was for other people. But these were other people who were relying ultimately on me and the community that I have established. Right. Because of other people's phrasings of things to make it seem like that money was already going to be available to them. Yeah. So basically, people suck. I mean, I can't say that because I think I'm contractually obligated not to say that. I will say it for you. How about that? I mean, we so on my side, we are in, as I've mentioned before, in prime dance competition season. And this past weekend, we hosted our comp, our first competition that's been hosted in like 20 years. So it was very stressful, but it went off really, really well. And we raised about twelve thousand dollars for next season, which is great, because that means we'll have to do less other fundraising. But more importantly, pretty much everybody that was there was complimenting the event, which is really, really like. Reassuring, I guess, like it was nice that we did something correct. And even when there were like technical issues and whatnot, like finding that piece that just trying to chill out a little bit was important and it's how you can actually get things done. And this is this is a good part about compartmentalizing, which is how I and unfortunate sometimes unfortunately live my life by severely compartmentalizing my life. So, yeah. I I think that the. The thing about this that is, you know, we talk about needing Zen or like receiving Zen is I think that we in both kind of aspects of this, we understand that what we're doing is important and putting that into the perspective of in the moment, not losing sight of that is like one of the hardest things ever. And this is. This is something that, you know, I feel like you and I harp on a lot in terms of just like the things that we do and why we do them and maybe some of how we go about doing them. Ask a person if they've not been patronized for having, you know, for having a decision or something that they personally desire to do that goes against someone else's individual beliefs like that is it's like a constant battle of while everyone else around me is telling me that what I'm doing is useless or what I'm doing doesn't matter. You have these moments in which you realize that they do. And this can be, you know, someone looking, you know, looking for a career change or, you know, wanting to help someone out or making a decision that culturally might make sense to them, but not make sense to other people. I think that when I think of give me Zen, I think of the idea of asking others to whether or not you agree with what I'm doing, whether or not you agree with the process that I'm using to do that thing that you give me. I've said the word grace a lot, but you give me the. Not even benefit of the doubt, you give me the empathy of just understanding that why I'm doing it is for good reasons, and those reasons might be more important to me than they are to that other person. And whether that means that they take stuff off my plate, whether that means that they want to help out or they don't want to help out or they just don't want to cause more consternation and strife like just give me Zen. Yeah. And and there's something to be said about an option for, you know, it's a privilege to be able to take a moment and to be able to like find Zen, completely understand that. I know like when we were going through a lot of our major hospital visits, like finding moments in my day of peace was hard, but it was also something that I worked really hard at finding, finding those little bits of glimmers that just OK, this is a this is a joy. This is a good. It's OK to have a good part of a bad day. It's doesn't like you're not less of a caring human for being happy if somebody else is going through a trauma, like not necessarily being happy for that person's trauma. But you know what I'm saying? And it's it's helpful, I think, to be able to. To give yourself that permission to be at peace. And I think that we've talked about this like early into conduit about like having these these things baked into routine. I just shared it in discord, but like one of the things that I do is when I make a when I make espresso in the morning, I focus on latte art. Like I try to make latte art and it's it's not going to be the best latte art ever, but it doesn't have to be. But I in that moment, in that process of grinding beans, pulling a shot, you know. Preparing my phone, preparing my oat milk and doing all of that stuff. Nothing else matters. It could be, you know, well, I wouldn't say the house could be on fire because I would not be making my latte art. Right. I would hope not. Like in that moment, no matter how many meetings I have coming up or anything else, the only thing that matters is the cup in front of me and like trying to make it make the best latte art that I can. Even when I mess up in the process of just like saying, OK. Hey, this didn't do exactly the way you wanted to, like in real time. Oh, no, it's it's runnier than I thought. So now I need to pivot and make, you know, make it look slightly different or do something different with it. Or sometimes it just comes out as an absolute hot mess. And I just go, that's OK. It's still going to taste good. And then like like finding the silver lining in it and being like, OK, now that I've had a moment of just peace, calm clarity. It's time to get into the into the thing, time to get into the thing like the I've got this meeting that I don't want to go got this task that's been really challenging, like before I go into this, let me give my let me preload myself with a little bit of Zen. Let me make this heart or make these flowers or make this really, really messed up looking swan and just do my best to now attack this from that. Like from that, the post side of that versus the like, everything's on fire and I don't want to do this. And I'm so frustrated. Well, and you know, some people might say it's a little much it's a little like, you know, the dog on fire. This is fine type of a thing. But I think it's actually more important to be able to find that that piece, even if you're going through, you know, even if you are in the midst of fire, you know, drinking your coffee can can help maybe put the fire out as long as it's not an actual fire. Yeah, Laura says being as present as you can be with a thing that's happening, particularly if it's a pleasant thing can be so helpful. Yes, it can help you like keep you almost keep you together in the future when things are not as peaceful or pleasant and being able to kind of reflect on that moment of, OK, life is not always going to be this way. I think that ties into when you're talking about compartmentalizing things and just being like, OK, but in this moment, we are this in this moment. We are doing this. And I know that I feel like that is a skill that is honed, that is improved on. That's something that I would say. I think that you might be better at than most, just given that, you know, a part of your life is is. Yeah, for unfortunate reasons. Yeah. You know, is being a caretaker and saying like, it doesn't matter about anything else. Like right now, my focus has to be this. And I I get that. And I think that there is. We're not talking about like nihilism here. We're not saying like, well, the world's, you know, horrible. We might as well. It's funny that we're doing this on Super Tuesday. Sorry. Yeah. I just had a random like a moment of like, oh, yeah. As as most of the people in the United States are probably groaning over the fact that they have to make whatever decision that they choose to make for whatever reasons that they want to groan. We yeah, we are in such a weird negative time that just adds on to the stress of so many people around us are losing their jobs. So many people around us are struggling financially with the economy and the shape that it's in. And like at the end of the day, people are still expecting us to show up and make whatever decisions that we're going to make and do whatever we're going to do. And ultimately, like the the desire for just like I want to relax. Also, I guess for those that are not American, Super Tuesday is the time before our presidential elections, where the majority of the states will vote for who they want their Democratic and Republican candidates to be. In fact, not all states, which is really dumb, in my opinion, because that like Oregon is not a Super Tuesday state, which means we just kind of sit here and are like, oh, yeah, we watch the dumpster fire and then make our decisions based on the results. Yep. Yep. Exactly. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. But yeah, I mean, and we're bombarded with a lot of these decisions before they come up, you know, whether you're you're watching, you know, your favorite TV show and like a commercial pops up or you're watching, you know, your how dare you check the news. Good Lord. That is, yeah. I think that the urge of just give me Zen is for every like to folks out there, give me Zen for the situation that I'm in. Let me find moments of Zen and for ourselves. How do like, Kathy, is there something that you do in particular? Other than compartmentalizing things that is like your today's Zen moment is brought to you by the coffee shop down the corner or your dog. Getting the zoomies and you just zooming after Ophelia and all that stuff. I am constantly kind of changing these things up because it really depends on what type of Zen I need to find, like how forceful I need to be for the Zen. And one of I mean, I think of it a little bit as kind of a reset. A little bit. So I'll either take a walk, I'll take a shower, I'll take a nap, like some sort of resetting myself if I can will usually help re reset that. What about you? I think this is very, very particular to my job. Shout out to the Black Rail Discord community where we talked about this a little bit in like a weekly, like biweekly call that we do. I get into like hype mode. I have certain music that, you know, often when I'm traveling, I'm traveling to go support an event, to go do an event. Often this means leading or working at a tech booth where I am going to be bombarded by people who have their own agendas, who I am trying to convince to look at whatever we've brought. But also I have to get up on stage and give a talk or get up on stage and sit at a panel or lead a panel. And like I've got 17 things going on in my head at that moment. I go into hype mode, which is like it's not even a playlist. It's just a collection of songs that I have found over time that I can put my headphones on and zone out. And interesting enough, the latest addition to this has been the I can never say this right, so I'm just going to look it up. I want to call it the L the El Michele's Affair, which El Michele's Affair did, does like instrumentals, like jazz instrumentals of classic hip hop albums. And there's one called Enter the 37th Chamber, which was made in 2009. It is a jazz rendition of like the Wu-Tang Clan's like most pivotal album ever. So I am like in this moment, there are moments of bliss and peace. And then there are moments of like music that doesn't necessarily relate to something that I would normally listen to or is, you know, it might be like it might be something that no one would ever expect me to be listening to in that moment. But it just takes me out of my environment and it takes me out of the preparation phase. It takes me out of the like, I've got to make sure that this screen is right. And that's it's like, no, no, no, no. All I've got to do in this moment is listen to this music and let it just take me wherever it's supposed to take me. Yeah. Yeah. Something that I do if I like am in a moment and I can't, you know, go to any of my standard like reset moments is I will do box breathing. I did this for like anxiety attacks that I had, and now I really enjoy, not enjoy, but I find it really helpful in other times, too. And it's basically like you breathe in for a certain count, hold it for that same count, exhale for the count and then hold it. Hold that exhale. I'll do anywhere from like a count of four to a count of eight, sometimes 10 if I'm having a really hard time. But like it's just a simple thing to really focus on something that you are able to control. And I find like even just like, oh, you know, sorry, I got to run to the bathroom and I'll go to the bathroom and I'll do it just for, you know, 30 seconds and like, OK, I feel more centered. I feel more with it. I can I can handle whatever is going on. I as a chronic asthmatic trying to do anything involving breathing it causes me more anxiety. I have one other one, which we haven't talked about in a long time. And by a long time, I mean, it's probably been like a month. I play Tetris. What? Me? Who? What? No. And I've also gotten into watching some some of my sappy anime's or Korean dramas. I I am a drama fan at heart when it comes to animated stuff. Usually, if it's funny and dramatic at the same time, then it's great. Like the. The last one that I watched was called The Day I Decided to Become a God, which was absolutely amazing. And it was a lovely story. I started watching this other one called the like Toilet Spirit Hamamoto or something. I can't remember the full name of it. We just started watching it last night and it was absolutely hilarious. But it's like it's an unwinding thing. But back to Tetris, this goes back to one of the conversations that we had when we did the. I keep calling it backstage. I know it's not called backstage. The other one that we did spotlight spotlight that one. All these one word shows make it really hard to remember which word you used. The. The thing I love about playing Tetris is I'm not trying to win. I'm just trying to play as good as I can. And that's because up until this year, you couldn't win. There was no winning. Now you can win. And people are very much like trying to win. And like, that's not me. I'm just I'm just trying to do as good as I can. I'm just trying to focus on my ability to do as good as I can. I'm just trying to focus on my ability to play Tetris at whatever level I'm capable of playing at in that moment. And I know that eventually it's going to come to an end. And when it does, cool, I just start over. So I think there's something about that, because I think that's ultimately what I've done in life in my career is I just I performed to the best of my capability. And when it's over, I just say, OK, cool. On to the next thing. Let's go. Yeah. And I think that that has helped me, maybe not in the moment, but. Over time, that has helped me to be a little more. Like, is stoic the word? Hmm. Yeah, stoic is a good word. Like, I know there's a big. A big thing, basically, that like. A stoicism is kind of making a resurgent resurgence, anyone that doesn't know what it is, basically back in like Roman times, people wrote, you know, big, long books about stoicism and one of the. Like, I think Marcus Aurelius is one of the big ones in this whole idea. And there's a daily book called The Daily Stoic that goes through and like has writings from like Marcus Aurelius and others and then like a little write up. So kind of like a devotional type thing, but not religious. Religious. Wow. Religious. And it's one of those things where it can. For some people, it can be really helpful for others. For others, you'll read it and just kind of roll your eyes. For a phase of my life, I was kind of like, yeah, this is great. This will help. And then I slipped into a phase of this is really dumb and only for specific types of people. So, you know, kind of like most. Self-help books, basically, I would also mention that I looked up stoic and that's not what I meant. OK. Like like this idea of like to me, still like a stoic is like it happened. Oh, well, I'm not going to complain about it. No, no, no, no, no, no. I am going to complain. But in the aftermath, as I'm reflecting on it, I am. OK, with OK now that perfect example of this, me complaining last episode about having to switch my tools and things like that and that, all that stuff. And then literally a day later, having slept on it, having thought about it, having reflected and having given myself a little bit of grace and understanding of like, this is fine being like, you know what? I think it's going to be OK. Whatever whatever the word is for that, let us know in the chat. That would be great. Yes. Or send us a message or send us a message. Use the feedback button in the show notes. Yes. Kathy, have you found Zen? I have. Congratulations, we've made it. We everything's perfect. Well, everything is not perfect because we still have connections that we have to do for the next conduit. What is your connection going to be? You know what? I'm going first, so I'm going to say and you're going to copy me, but I'm going to do my taxes. Not fair. I wrote this down. I know. But so I have a corporate corporation tax that I have to tax return that I have to send to. So I need that done first, which will then do my personal fancy Kathy and her fancy. Oh, I'm going to be doing my regular taxes. Good idea. I thanks to the help of our co-working sessions, which I can't speak enough to. I think that's also another place to find Zen. Yes, for sure. I was I was very I was told a lot of reassuring things that my taxes would not be as complicated as I thought they would be. Yeah, so now I am excited to get this part over with. And it also give us some good context into what to look forward to in the future regarding taxes. We did move from a place that tax is extremely high to a place that taxes extremely low. So yeah, so there's going to be there's going to be some lessons learned in this process. Well, yeah, I love it. And then our conductors have some. Taxes, I guess, too, in the art of if taxation is you give us your connection for the next condo. Representation. Yeah, let's represent yourself. Yeah. Throw the tea into the water. Our artists of the show Carly says apply to the art grant this week, which means rewriting my artist statement and photographing my artwork. That sounds like fun. And also like and stressful, stressful. Yeah. I train in part our train enthusiast of the show. Rails says no new connection provided if not provided by live show. Please continue to the next person like this didn't happen. No. We refuse. Also, how's it been being the the was the whales train? Oh, what? The train of whales. Oh, move on. We're moving on. Let it go. I got to let it go. Yeah. Yeah. I can't hold it back anymore. OK, our soprano of the show, Dubbo says next connection. Take close to the cleaners. I like it. Love it. Nice and simple. Our shark of the show, Chris, as my connection for next time is to get my guitar restrung. Let's try it again. Yes, you can do it this time. Suggestion. If you if you don't do it this time, you have to you have to do the more expensive version of this, which is buy a whole new guitar. Well, our identical twin of the show, Aaron, says with a 10K coming up in a couple of months, I want to make sure I'm keeping my running up and get out for a run once a week. In addition to playing soccer, mix in other cardio weight routines where I can as well. Our pathologist of the show, Laura, says new connection. See if I can stick to the somewhat more limited to do list and work to add in some flex time that is unspoken for to handle the inevitable things that come up on a daily basis in my job. Yeah, that's like how do you plan for the unplanned? That's that's difficult. So proud of you. Our panda of the show, James, says pretty much the same connection as last time, except for I have now attempted to DIY. Oh, no. Some glasses to get through the next couple of weeks until my new ones turn up. I will try again to take that break. I said I would. At least I'm going out tonight for a friend's book launch, which is why I'm not in the live chat. Or if I am, that's not me. Well, since you're not in the chat, I can say whatever I want. No, no, I do. Well, he won't hear it until Thursday. Our fish bear. Oh, no, just kidding. Our tech podcast listener of the show, Pilek says new connection. Keep applying, clean the slow cooker and feel great about dropping out of the math class because of life events. A new project is on the table, and I want to be able to add two components a week to it. It's called Pod Shift. OK. You need to tell us more about what the heck Pod Shift is, because I love the name. I'm so intrigued. Is it a left pod shift or a right pod shift? We'll find out more. Our fish bear of the show, Fishy Kaya says more household admin. Get more done this conduit than last conduit. I feel like you are telling yourself so much there. Our tire advocate of the show, Chinta says next connection, more training course preparation. I need to have a mostly finished course in the next fortnight. Can't wait to hear how it goes. The Canadian Charv trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica says, keep resting. The flu is no joke. So I need to allow myself lots of time to be gentle. The a of the show, a says new connection. Maybe figure out something between arriving in and leaving Europe was too broad. So this next fortnight, I want to at least figure out where I'm going after Lisbon. Good. Yes. Solidifying your connection is helpful. The nameless of the show, nameless says, I want discussing with my current employer the possibility of continuing my education through the programs offered here. It would be beneficial to have these conversations and clarify what is expected of me while enrolled before pursuing interviews elsewhere. If the terms for further education do not align with my goals, I will begin actively searching for new job opportunities. My aim is to submit at least five five job applications daily for this conduit. Additionally, I want to start looking for new desks. That sounds like a lot. But one thing I will say nameless is I love that you have defined success metrics for yourself. You're like, this is what's going to happen. This doesn't happen. I have no choice other than to follow the metrics and do the other thing. And for that, I applaud you and fix your desks. Yeah. Our mountain dweller of the show, Logang, says next next connection, get back on my workouts every other day for now. And our newest robotics engineer of the show, Aidan, says first connection now that I'm done with preparations for graduation ceremonies, it's time to begin throwing myself back into the job search. My goal is to get three applications out a day, as well as keep tabs on the few applications that are already out. I love that we have the job application accountability network that has absolutely like grabbed onto this show. And we are serving as a polite reminder to get out there, get those applications out and ultimately give yourself a little bit of zen. And in between times. So if you would like to submit a connection, you can do so in the relay FM, switch on Discord in the show follow up channel specifically by starting your message with the conduit emoji and putting your connection after that. You can also submit feedback by clicking the link in the show notes or using the submit feedback button at relay dot FM slash conduit. You can also slash conduit. Yeah, you got to you got to go to conduit and then like hit the button there. If there's another feedback button, we don't get it. Actually, you know what? Yeah. Go submit feedback on all the other shows about conduit. And visit. I'm a superconductor to become a member today. You'll get access to the pre and post show banter, an ad free episode and a co-working session in the off weeks with Kathy and Jay. I are we going to try to do the post show that we originally planned for like two weeks ago? Yeah, I think that sounds like a good idea. OK, so in this post show, we will get to doing the grocery store tier ladder of figuring out who which which grocery store is the best grocery store. And why it's not Trader Joe's. And then lastly, you can check out some you can wear it merch by going to you can wear it dot com. Get you a hoodie, get you a shirt and then get you some stickers that remind you to use the tire method. And thank you to micro dot blog for sponsoring this week's episode. Hey, Kathy, let's take a breath in. Let's hold it. Let's let it out. And now that we have condid it, did we can do it? Heck to the yeah.