---
title: '74: Knucklebones: Big Risk, Big Rewards'
pub_date: May 2nd, 2024
description: 'Jay and Kathy are back from traveling and they took some risks that seem to have paid off. Jay found a new game and talks about how they like to handle big risks.'
url: https://www.relay.fm/conduit/74
---

(upbeat music) From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we can do our own thing with our own productivity systems. (upbeat music) Welcome to Conduit, the show that has bones, has knuckles and likes playing knuckle bones from time to time. This episode is brought to you by Ecamm and Computex. I'm Jay, and with me is, nope, nope, can't use that one, is the knuckliest knuckle bone player of them all. - Wow. - The one Kathy Campbell, who has never actually ever played knuckle bones, so. - Nope, it's true, it's true. Hi Jay. - Hi, Kathy, you've been traveling. - Jay, you've been traveling too. - We've both been traveling, and we're both tired, so. - We have, I only, well, okay, so I've been in three different states for three different conferences in a two week period. You traveled all the way to a different continent. - Yes, I went to Spain. - Yes. - I was excited. I told my friends I would come back and be that person that was like, you know, in Spain they. (laughing) Which I've- - Well, you know in Memphis, oh. I know a lot of what they do in Memphis, and some of it we don't talk about. - No, it's true. Including the fact that I learned that there are no car testing rules, so you can get a lift with cracked windshields, and like parts falling off the car. So that's fun. - Tennessee, baby, that's how they roll. - Yep. - We'll talk more about our adventures in Spain and Memphis and Atlanta and other places in the after show, but what happened this week in the Discord? - Oh yeah, so this week, because we were in Memphis, there was a surprise little meetup with a couple of hosts, and we were able to slip a group picture into the Discord and cause the correct amount of chaos. We also visited the PodCabin and St. Jude, and getting to do some planning in person, y'all are not ready for PodCastathon in September. You are not ready. I'm so excited. - My only hope is that I can be in Memphis to relish in the awesomeness that is PodCastathon this year. I did tell Steven this. Steven was like, "That sounds fun," and then that was the last I heard of it. So I'm just thrown out there. I'm still interested. And if Countrybeard hears this, still interested. - You'll probably have to message him directly. - I'm just gonna go in London and be like, "Steven, Steven." - Totally. I was gonna ask you to tell us what happened last week in co-working, but you weren't there. - I wasn't there. I was in Spain, as mentioned, and I approved it by sending a photo. - That's true. - Apparently there were naps and emails. - I nicely was bullied off of the co-working stream to go take a nap. - That's nice. Shout out to the people who are nice enough to bully Kathy. - It's true. - Yeah, very true. I also, shout out to the fact that when Jay is not at a co-working stream, things get done. - It's almost like you distract us. - I mean, I do play a very good distraction, and sometimes that's needed to get the most out of your productivity. You just need something to take your mind off of things for a little bit. But yeah, if this Discord business, going to Memphis, visiting pod cabins, doing co-working, if any of that sounds like fun, yeah, become a superconductor today. You get this show with no ads. You also get access to the pre and post show where we kind of set things up for the show, and then in the post show, sometimes we play games. I think today we're just trying to figure out what all happened in the last two weeks while we've been traveling so much, and we both have stories. I snuck out of a corporate retreat, and Kathy survived Memphis, which is an adventure all in itself. - Indeed, especially this escaping of it, because that was a journey. So if you're interested, visit I'mASuperconductor.com and become a member today. That's letter I, letter M, letter A, superconductor.com, and become a mentor today. Kathy, there-- - A member. - Member. - A member. - A member. Shout outs. Kathy, you have a shout out? - I have a shout out for you. - Aw. - 'Cause you bullied me into finding time to take a break, which was great, and we had an amazing lunch. And also you are so much taller than expected, which when you come out of a very small car, it's even more scary. - So yes, I drive a rather small vehicle. It's not a Mazda Miata, it's a Mazda 3, but it is a smaller vehicle. So when I step out there, it's like this little vehicle, six foot something human being, stepping out of the vehicle. It maybe, yeah, we are talking about getting a new vehicle at some point in the future, and maybe a larger vehicle is in the works, I guess. Just to remove some of the comedy out of it. But thank you so much. We had amazing Cajun food. It was really, really good. Even the leftovers were really, really good. Oh, jambalaya, that's what I had. - Oh yeah, that's right. And it was fantastic. You also got to meet Brittany, my Brittany as we have titled her. And it's so weird that there was this moment where Brittany and I have this thing where apparently I get to go and try new restaurants and stuff, and then I always go back. And she's like, "I wanna experience new things with you." And we were in the car, and I was like, "Hey, you got to meet Kathy at the exact same time "that I got to meet Kathy in real life." So congratulations. - That's awesome. I love it, yeah. - Technically, you met her before I did because-- - That's true. - You were closer. - She got out of the car first. - Yep, so yes, and thank you for finding time in your very, very busy schedule to sneak out and have lunch with me, because man, that day was stressful, I think, for everyone. I left, I got out of a meeting, jumped in the car, sped on the freeway, got to have lunch, and then sped back home to jump into another meeting almost immediately after. So yeah. - I'm glad it worked out when it did, because definitely after that, would not have been possible. The rest of that week was so busy that it was just bananas how busy it ended up being. - In fact, it was so busy, we might have forgotten to do some of these things we call connection checks. - What, who would do such a thing? Yes, so my connection check was to stretch four times a week. - Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Pause, pause. - What? Oh, sorry, I'm sorry, I didn't zap, because you, okay. Sorry, sorry, forgive me. - Connection check. - Zap! - Okay, okay, go ahead. - Okay, so I did not stretch four times a week. I did not even stretch once. I did use my Theragun a couple times, specifically on my calves, because I did a lot of walking, but it was not enough, and I really should have stretched more. - Were you tired, like soreness, all those things? - More-- - Did you deal with the ramifications of your lack of stretching? - Yeah, I definitely, I know I would have felt better if I had stretched, and I'm sad that I did not. - That's fair. - Yeah, yeah. - That's always the tough part of, especially right now, at least out here, the allergies are in full swing, which are causing, it's causing sneezing and all these other things, and I'm pretty sure it's been mentioned before on this show or in a pre-show or something, but I get to this point where I sneeze so hard that it hurts my entire body. - Oh, that's not good. - Yeah, and it gives the prickliness, I don't know the best way to describe it other than a prickliness across my back, like when I sneeze. - Oh, yeah. - I'm pretty sure that's called nerve damage, but like-- - Yeah, that doesn't sound great. I'm not a doctor, but that does not sound fantastic. - Well, you know, when I went to the doctor, they were like, "Hey, idea, don't do that." And I was like, you know, okay. - Thanks for the help. - I won't sneeze, sounds great, awesome. - Totally fine. - Yeah, so, yeah. But yeah, I learned that stretching and doing extra stretching in that time is the only thing that slightly helps with it, and by slightly, I mean ever so slightly. - But a little bit is better than nothing. - Yep. - Right? - Yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep. - Right, what about your connection? - So I'm cheating and I'm taking the green check mark. I only had to do this twice, which proves exactly how beneficial it is. - Yeah. - If you call and then you call again and you provide copious amounts of feedback, eventually things happen. Now, luckily for me, they basically said, hey, your agent is in mandatory training and won't be available until the 26th. And I was like, okay, cool, I will reply back on the 26th. And by the 27th, we had finally progress, and now I have a meeting tomorrow with the contractor to get the process started and do all the things, and insurance is paid out, all the stuff that they're gonna do, so we are good to go. - That's amazing. - Yeah, I'm excited. Hopefully by the end of May, we'll have brand new floors and our refrigerator seems to be not flooding the place anymore as well. So knock on all the things because, goodness, it's been eight months of dealing with this in some way, shape or form. And I'm just glad that our long standing nightmare is reaching its end. - Huzzah! - What about our conductors? - Yeah, our conductors did great. Carly, our artist of the show, says, "Green Circle, I'm giving myself a pass "because I reached out to two people. "They were both busy, which is understandable, "so I haven't gotten a coffee with anyone yet, "but I reached out, so I'm giving myself the win." - Absolutely, absolutely, yes. - 100%. Our identical twin of the show, Erin, said, "Connection check, Green Heart. "Train tickets and bus tickets are booked. "I still have two more to do, "but some of the sites wouldn't let me "for early August yet." - All right, our checklist enthusiast of the show, Mike, says, "Previous connection, Green Checkmark. "Continue cleaning up task system "and prepare for wedding anniversary "and my daughter's fourth birthday. "System isn't perfect yet, "but I have made significant progress "and have the momentum to get the cleanup finished "as a background activity. "Celebrated sixth anniversary, "getting stuff done around the house "and preparing for my daughter's birthday party." That sounds pretty great. Good job. - Sounds fun. Our pathologist of the show, Laura, says, "Green Heart, my connection was to track "a few activities at work "other than some brief frustration over lack of service, "sometimes leading to a delay in the timer starting." Yeah. "I did pretty consistently track "the few activities I'm interested in. "The time of the timer didn't work well "unless issues with disconnecting and walking away, "so I'm doing timer-y and toggle. "I wanna keep this up, "so I do have a new connection this week, "but plan on checking in on this as well again next week." Laura, yeah, the time you learn thing, it sounds like you ran into some of the same problems that I did, and yeah, just gonna leave it at that. Just gonna leave it at that. - Yeah, yeah. Our soprano of the show, Devo, says, "Connection check, Green Heart. "I contacted the landscapers and am in the process "of getting spring cleanup scheduled." Awesome! - And our tech podcast listener of the show, Pilex, says, "Green Circle, I have met up with my granddad "and I have a total of three hours of voice memo "of our conversation about sign making and all of that, "applied for jobs and kept learning about Swift UI." - Awesome, and now when you say sign making, are baseball signs still second, or making those signs that are all the rage on TikTok and YouTube shorts? I'm kind of okay with either, and I think both would be really cool. I just kinda wanna know. - Yeah, yeah, definitely let us know. - Wood signs. Well, Pilex answered in the chat and said wood signs, which are, that's even cooler. - That is really cool. - Nice. "Please share pictures in #creativity." That'd be awesome. All right, our shark of the show, one pair of shoes, Chris says, "Connection check. "My connection was to get ready for my in-laws to visit." Check, we are ready for their arrival. Nice! - And our Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica. Erica, welcome back, says, "Question mark, I've been scarce lately "because of health and grief, "so I don't even remember what my last connection was, "and that's okay. "It is 1,000% okay, "and I hope that health and grief concerns "have been addressed, and as always, "we are here for you as much as you need us to be." - Indeed. Our robotics engineer of the show, Aidan, says, "Connection check, green circle. "Many job applications were sent out. "However, the job search continues in earnest." Hey, you are doing the work. Put in the work. I love it. And our mountain dweller of the show, Lalalala Logang says, "Green heart parental leave "has been the best month of my life. "I love having time at home "with my wife and both daughters." Yeah, I remember this moment. I remember this moment where there was, it was like super, super chill, and then all of a sudden, I got the itch to go back to work because I personally have a problem. - Yeah, it works out though. Our mountain dweller of the show, Logang. - No, that was me. - You just did that, yep. Our fish bear of the show, Fishy Kai, says, "Connection check, yellow circle. "This conduit has been the opposite of less stress, "but I did get back into a fun project." Hey, you know what? I'm proud of you, given that yellow circle, and I hope this next conduit is a little bit easier for you. - Something interesting about that. I love how putting a conduit as a start and a stop to be like, "Hey, yeah, this last conduit kind of sucked. "Next conduit, maybe better." But being able to go, "Did the thing, the thing was done, "and now we're at the end of it." But you know what we're not at the end of? - What are we not at the end of? - My love for today's sponsor, this episode is brought to you by Ecamm. Ecamm Live is the leading video production and live streaming studio built for the Mac. Ecamm does all aspects of video, not just live streaming. It's perfect for simplifying your workflow. It's easy enough to get started quickly, but powerful enough that you can create just about anything with video, and you can do it all with the Ecamm app. I've been waxing poetic about Ecamm ever since they first became a sponsor, and I have officially become a non-official Ecamm advocate. Hey, if y'all really want me to become an Ecamm advocate, send me an email, you know, da da da. Because I have now told other people about how they can use Ecamm for their workflows. And this is for people who are doing live streams. This is for people who run local meetups and just want an easy way to record things. This is for people who are just like taking business calls and wanna be able to record it, but also have like a highly integrated call system. The nice thing about Ecamm is that you have this virtual camera that allows you to share what you're sharing as your actual webcam. So if you've ever had those instances where you're like in a call, you've gotta share a screen, then you gotta change screens and do the other thing, but you still want your face down at the bottom, and it's all a mess. Like Ecamm makes that so easy to do, in that basically the same way that you would be recording or streaming or doing whatever you would normally do with Ecamm, that's just your camera, because of that built-in support. So again, whether you're streaming, recording, podcasting, or presenting, everything is there for you in Ecamm, including support for multiple cameras, screen sharing, a live camera switcher that lets you direct the show in real time. You can stand out from the crowd with high quality video. You can add logos, titles, lower thirds, graphics, you can share your screen, drop in video clips, you can even bring on interview guests, or use a green screen. You're that much of a professional, and Ecamm does that and so much more. It does it all. Their members are entrepreneurs, marketing professionals, podcasters, educators, for some reason I thought dancers, dancers maybe too, musicians, church leaders, bloggers, and content creators of all kinds. And you can get a month free today at ecamm.com/conduit, using the code conduit. That's a whole month of Ecamm Live at ecamm.com/conduit, and use the code conduit. Go there now and check it out. Our thanks to Ecamm for their support of this show and Relay FM. - We also, so last night I recorded an episode of an Uncomparable Game Show, and we streamed it onto YouTube. And let me tell you, so Mr. Jason Snell hosted it, not hosted it, but hosted this stream, and used the Ecamm Live Zoom integration, and did some really, really cool things with the stream. I've included a link in the show notes. And if you want to watch some people be really silly with a silly game, you can watch that. But more importantly, check out the fact that Ecamm was able to make it look this easy. And it was so easy, especially when you look into the fact that one of the players lost internet consistently. And with the previous way that we used to do this, anytime a video dropped, it would mess up the feed, and you'd have to adjust and manually make changes to it. And none of that happened in this, and it was pretty cool. - Yeah, shout out to Ecamm. Ecamm has really just made my life so much easier, and it sounds like it's making others as well. - Indeed. - So Kathy, are you familiar with Knucklebones? - Well, I am now, because you sent me a little video thing, and I think I remember reading it in a book at some point, or somebody mentioning it. So now it kind of sounds familiar, but what would other people say? Or how about you explain to other people what the heck this is? - So I found out about Knucklebones a few nights ago, actually, and it was, I'd just fixed my 3D printer, so I've been printing things again, and it was funny because there's this level of when everything's working with your 3D printer, people tend to get bored, because you've printed all the things. So now it's like, well, I've printed everything that I needed, now what do I do? And it's like, you just keep printing more things, but you don't necessarily just wanna print tchotchkes all day so one of the videos that I watched, which I will also add that link into the show notes, was like things to do with your 3D printer once you're bored and they basically said make fidget toys, but then they also mentioned that you can make games, and one of the games that they mentioned was Knucklebones. And Knucklebones, as I know of it, comes from this video game called Cult of the Lamb. It's a relatively new game. It came from Devolver Digital, which has made some really fun games in the past, and Cult of the Lamb had Knucklebones inside of it, so Knucklebones was a game inside of a game, and when you play the game, basically it's like a way to do high risk, high reward moves to determine whether or not you can outscore your opponent in dice rolling. And ultimately you have nine dice that you roll, not all at once, you roll them one at a time, and then you can play dice of a certain number and you put them in their positions on the board one at a time. If you get duplicates, the number increases, but anytime someone else plays that same number across from you, then it wipes out your numbers. So ultimately the way that you think about it is, it's my job to kind of try to have the highest score while also protecting myself from quickly being overtaken. So it's like a super, super reserved, followed by hyper, hyper aggressive, or maybe you get aggressive to try to get an early lead. And so you're doing all these things and it's incredibly easy to play and hard to master. And this made me think of other games that are very high risk, high reward, but I wanted to ask you, Kathy, and are there things that you're doing in your life that you feel are extremely high risk, but also extremely high reward? And just like with knuckle bones, there is kind of this casual to aggressive, or I guess conservative to aggressive strategy that you can play. What is your strategy for managing some of that risk? - Yeah, I don't think I call myself, okay, well maybe, okay. - Yeah, that's the answer to be like. - I'm not sure how actually high risk my choices are. I don't consider myself like the type of person that will make a lot of like risky choices. And yet I think back to the fact that I am self-employed and freelancing and those types of things. And I guess it could be considered fairly high risk in that it all could go away in a moment, which I guess is also the same for like any other job too. But I like having at least a partial understanding that everything's gonna be okay. Like having at least like an 85% chance of success maybe. - What about like if the risk is like, 'cause I was explaining the stock market to my sister, the whole stock market, all of it, in a nutshell in five minutes. But basically my sister has picked up on the whole sports betting craze. And I was like, okay, you know how when you do a sports bet, you can do like $5 and if you win, you get like $20. But if you lose, then you just lose the $5. To me playing the stock market in some ways is a much slower version of that, except for you put in thousands of dollars. But even when you lose, you don't necessarily lose all of your thousands of dollars unless you just aren't paying attention. You might lose a few hundreds of your thousands of dollars, or you might make a few hundreds or thousands of your thousands of dollars, depending on how you play, depending on your patience and all these other things. But even with that, like with the high risk, high reward, yes, you probably shouldn't put all of your money into the stock market or go to Vegas and put all your money on black. Because that's very high risk, very high reward. But I do think that there are ways that you can do high risk in a way that is, the risk is distributed. - Yeah, I think it, okay. Do I understand the stock market? No, because do I think, well, okay. I understand it in the sense that I think it's dumb and that it's all, okay. I don't put anything into the stock market. It's too risky for me, but also I'd have to pay too much attention to something that I don't care enough about, if that makes sense. And so I don't do the stock market, but I can see how it could be seen as something that will like potentially pay off, but you have to like know when to actually send that out. Like when to sell, sell, sell, sell, sell, buy, buy, buy, whatever. That's the part that I don't get. I don't understand how stockbrokers like do it and that's their job. But yeah, I don't know. - I think with that even, and again, I do have stock. Most of my stock came after I worked at companies where they were like, we're gonna give you stock. So then I was like forced to pay attention to it. The thing that I have learned is one, don't buy stocks and things that you're not interested in because yeah, you won't. Like you just won't pay attention to it. And then you're like, oh, that money, what happened to it? Where did it go? Sometimes that's good. Christina Warren, Relay FM, switch on, alum would say, just pretend that some of that money doesn't exist and like don't think about it. It doesn't exist, it's not real. Especially that's good when they give you the money and you're like, oh yeah, here's some money in the form of stocks. You just say, okay, just pretend that it's not real. And then later on you can go look and maybe you have more money or maybe you have less money, but ultimately you have money is the answer. I think for me, as someone who has recently started buying shares, there is like this balance. And again, this isn't a financial advice podcast. So everything I'm saying, this is what I do. This isn't necessarily what you should do. But out of my paycheck, I take a little bit of money that allows me to buy one or two shares into a company that I am paying enough attention to that if something were to happen, I would know about it and be able to make decisions. I don't have to go out and do too much research to be like, oh no, dump all the money. 'Cause like at the end of the day, just me listening to the podcast that I listen to on a regular basis, I'm going to hear about something if something so devastating happens. And even with that, there are considered high risk stock and low risk stocks. Like there are things like penny stocks. There are things that are like, you have the big companies that are trillion dollar companies that could run for the next 10 years off of their savings at the same rate that they're currently operating at. And they would never have to make another dime for that decade before anyone would notice. Like there's a lot of things where like, yeah, you can put money in those. You're not gonna get the big wins, but you're also, you're mitigating your risk. And that was one of the things that I thought about with this. Moving this away from finance and bringing it into quote unquote productivity. I think that one of the things that we're gonna talk about in the after show is I snuck out of my corporate retreat to go visit a Spanish city that used to be a Roman colony. And were there risks in sneaking out of the like, and I say sneaking out with a lot of like, it wasn't really sneaking out. Like people knew where we were. - Yeah, I was like, you didn't leave in the middle of the night and nobody knew what was happening, but it was not where you were supposed to be. - Yeah, it was like, hey, everyone is expecting you to be at this thing. And instead of we are over here eating really, really, really good food. But in doing that, we took, I took steps to mitigate the risk. I didn't go alone. I went with a group of people. I went with a group of people, one who had been to Spain before, not that particular part of Spain, but at least knew how to navigate the landscape of how do I call a cab if I can't catch a bus or where are the train stations at? How do I get to the train stations? How do I pay for my train ticket? 'Cause these are things in America that we just don't do. And it was doing like, what is this food? Am I going to get sick from eating this food? Luckily we were in Spain. We weren't in like an area where like you just, you know, you're going to get sick for drinking the water. But there were a lot of individual pieces that as I was looking at the risk, as I was getting ready to roll the dice to play knuckle bones here, in the end it was, let me do this and address all the risks upfront. Let me work to mitigate them and let me cheat a little bit to get the odds in my favor. And I think this is what, you know, Cathy, when you talk about running your own business, well, one, you don't run a business, you run, well, you run a business, but you also run several businesses. And a lot of the effort that I've seen you putting in is like, how do you make it so that the risk is distributed across the businesses so that if one is underperforming, you can lean on the others a little bit more. Yeah, I'm going to stop talking now. - Yeah, no, and I think that's a really good point. It's why like, I don't see myself ever not having multiple, you know, streams of income and like communities and like people in my life to use as support and friends and the like, because you don't know what's going to happen and you don't want to put all of your eggs in one basket, regardless of what those eggs are in my mind. So I don't have that in my brain of a high risk option is easy or let me just, you know, stop everything and put all of my attention into this one company to help, you know, make it grow, because would I be better? Like would any of my stuff be better if I didn't have my other things? Absolutely, if all of my energy was being put into X or Y or Z, instead of X, Y, and Z, I could get some things done, but I don't want to because there's also the chance of it not working and if it doesn't work, I have too many people responsible to me to be able to just be like, okay, bye, everything's fine. I'll just, you know, go work at McDonald's. - There is this level of, like there's the one like we just don't want to, like you and I both, oh, the community that I talk about all the time is now officially one years old today, not today. - Happy birthday. - Yeah, one years old as of a few days ago, but there is this conversation of, in that of like, hey, if I focus full time on that, what would that look like? Well, step one, I would be broke because it doesn't make any money and the money that it does make doesn't go to me, it goes to the community. So like immediately like, okay, that's a high risk that I can't take, but when I look at my day job, when I am taking the work that I and some people in our Relay FM Switch On community have worked on and I say, hey, I wanna take a big swing. I wanna take a high risk swing here and create this content that is going to really make us stand out. As I'm thinking about it, it's like, okay, how do I do this in a way that combines my passions? One, I wanna have accessible content for everyone to consume and do in a way that is great. So by inserting some risk, I insert more focus, which is great 'cause risk and focus can be connected. The higher the risk, the more you're paying attention to the things that are risky. Even if it fails, there was progress. I think that we spend too much time focusing on the outcome and not enough time, I don't wanna say like, the journey was, or was it the goal was the journey? - The journey was the destination. - Something like that. - No, oh gosh, yeah, I don't know. - The desired outcome was the journey, not the destination. - Yeah. - To that effect. - Sure. - Basically, us doing Conduit as a podcast, that yes, we are professional productivity experts because we do get paid to talk about our thoughts on productivity. But that means that we are able to do it on our terms in our way. And there is a slight level of risk in that in that our sponsors could go, well, we don't like the way that you do it. But that's why the amazing beards that make Relay FM were smart enough to think about that. They were smart enough to think about the market and they said, hey, we're gonna create contingencies. But meanwhile, Kathy and I don't really spend a lot of time thinking about how many sponsors do we have? We don't think about, what's our CPM or what's our overall audience? Kathy yells at me every time I look at the numbers. - Yep, don't look at the numbers. - Absolutely, I avoid looking at the numbers unless I have to explain it to someone and they're asking me and then I'm like, I don't know, let me go check. - Yeah. - But we're able to not think about those things. We're able to not think about the risk because the reward is the destination. The reward is getting on these calls every other week and talking to one another. The reward is getting on the calls in the opposite weeks and talking with all of our friends and kind of goofing off and having fun. And the sad thing is, it's like, yeah, if Conduit stopped happening, then a lot of those things would go away. But we don't have to stress about the risk because the reward isn't a lump sum all at the end. The reward is a continuous stream of dopamine rush as it's happening. - Yes. Yeah, every time I think of this show and the conductors and the connections that we've made, my heart sings a little bit because I know that it's not, this show is really special. If you're listening to this, thank you for being the special person that you are because you are what makes this show this show. And the fact that you all come here and listen to us and support us and are still here is really, really special. But also it helps make the show what it is. This is such a unique setup in that it's not necessarily about us, which I think is, it was pretty risky. It was a risky choice to do, which is why we kind of hedged our bets a little bit when we started and now we're just all in. And I just love that you all are here with us and listening and hanging out. And yeah, so thanks for that. - Yeah, the suits were definitely a little concerned about the risk of our show. Not to say that they didn't think that we could do it, but they were very much like, here are some things that you might wanna consider. - Here's what you should think about. - Don't give Jay too much time on the mic. It's a danger. - That was not what they said. - That's not what they said. But to wrap this up, we get that you are probably in a period of your life where there is some thing that you're looking at that might have a high risk, high reward scenario. And just like with "Knucklebones", yes, you should take risks because those risks will pay off. If I put down two sixes and that person is struggling to find that third six, eventually all of the other fields are gonna get filled up, which means that I have a better advantage in the late game. But that also means that I have to think about what they're doing as well. And I need to be prepared for that. I need to balance my risk with concerns, with some conservative plays, and at the end of the day, I need to spread that reward out as much as possible, waiting to make a big swing at something that's gonna result in either a strikeout or a home run if we're talking in baseball terms, that's rough. There are very few people who will always either strike out or hit a home run. But on the other side of that, if I say, "Hey, you know what? I'm going to do the risky thing because the reward is high, but the payoff is distributed over a longer period of time," then I get to reap the benefits and I get to see the warnings that my risk may not be paying off and be prepared to deal with it in the meantime. All that to say-- - But also be careful. - Yeah, all that to say, be careful. We understand risk is scary. It's okay to take risks, have plans, have backup plans, have backups to your backup plans, but most importantly, we believe in you and that you conduit. - Absolutely. - Kathy, tell us about our other sponsor. - Yeah, this episode of Conduit is brought to you by Computex 2024. It's one of the world's largest AIO-T, that's Artificial Intelligence of Things and Startup Shows, and it's happening in Taipei from June 4th through 7th. Whether you're a seasoned industry professional or a passionate entrepreneur, Computex has something for everyone. I don't know if you know this, but Taipei is in Taiwan and I will be attending and I'm very excited to go. Rosemary Orchard is also attending and the two of us are going to have an amazing time, I am sure, learning about some AIO-T, some different industries, checking out the vendors hall. We've gotten a peek at the schedule and some of this stuff is actually really interesting and I'm excited to see what Taiwan can bring for my brain. At Computex 2024, you can discover cutting edge technology from AI computing, advanced connectivity and future mobility, explore the latest trends and innovations shaping the future of tech and network with industry leaders at Innovex. Don't miss the chance to skyrocket your startup with Innovex Computex International Startup Hub. Innovex facilitates connections with manufacturing partners and global sales channels through competitions and presentations, ensuring a heightened visibility and investor support. Plus gain insights from thought leaders, attend keynote speeches from the likes of AMD, Intel, Qualcomm, MediaTek, Supermicro, NXP and Delta, as well as workshops led by industry experts gaining valuable knowledge and insights. If you're ready to level up and expand your network, head over to computex.tape.com.tw/conduit to register now and secure your spot at Computex 2024 from June 4th through 7th, or just click the link in the show notes. Don't miss out, this is an incredible opportunity to be at the forefront of one of the world's largest AI OT and startup shows. Our thanks to Computex for sponsoring the show and all of Relay FM. - Thanks. So Kathy, in our risk-filled world, what you gonna do for your next connection? - I am going to take a risk by taking naps. - You're gonna risk sleeping through your alarm. - Yes. I'm going to do risky naps in that they are going to be short periods of time where really a 20, 30 minute nap is perfect, that is what I need. And I should have, it looks like I do have time and the availability this week to do that. Probably less chance next week, but definitely, definitely opportunities for napping. And if I put it in my connection, I will not feel guilty about taking naps. So thank you for the accountability here, because my body needs to recover from all of the travel and all of the awakeness. And yeah, I'm ready, I'm ready for naps. What about you, Jay? - Well, I'm going to double down on the risk that I did take with my job. And that is, I am going to do my job and finish the workshop, but I'm gonna do it using this repeatable pattern that I kind of developed at my last job and brought to this job and have really hoped to get people on board with. And this is kind of important because the first workshop that I did, I had to kind of create a hybrid version of it to kind of fit the existing structure of things. This time around, we've created the workshop from scratch and I've been responsible for it from the beginning. So I've had the ability to come in and just do it the way that I wanted to from the start. But the best part of this is that we're going to be taking this and turning and creating a new workshop out of it after this, that's very, very similar, but there are some key differences. And if everything is done the way that we expect, then what we should see is our ability to quickly turn around these workshops faster than anyone who's been doing these workshops previously has ever been able to do before. And that's kind of the key. That was the like, the missing piece was like, okay, hey, if we have a formulaic approach, we should be able to do these quickly. And yeah, the workshop I'm giving is on Wednesday. So that gives me about a week to do this. And then after that, I have to immediately start working on the next one, which we'll see, we'll see how that works. - That's exciting. I love that. - What about our conductors? - Yeah, our artist of the show, Carly says, "New connection, keep trying to grab coffee with someone. I need to reach out to more people." - I like coffee. Our tentacle twin of the show, Aaron says, "10K is on the 12th, so make sure I prepare and take care of myself to ensure I'm in good shape for it." Yes. - Our checklist enthusiast of the show, Mike says, "New connection, finish preparations for my daughter's fourth birthday party." Ah, four, such a good age. - Yes, oh man, I remember those times. - Our pathologist of the show, Laura says, "I like to recommit to doing my reviews, daily, weekly, monthly, et cetera. I did this very consistently for January and February and fell off a bit in March. It was a really good reality check, or sorry, it was a good reality check and way to get perspective. Also, it was so nice being able to have a written overview of my months when I sometimes feel like my days aren't connected to each other, thanks to how my brain works or doesn't sometimes. Also, keep tracking things." You can do it, Laura. - Absolutely. Our soprano of the show, Debo, says, "Next connection, a friend died of cancer recently and she requested that people submit memories for her, of her, for her children to read, so I need to write something up for them." That is so sweet and I'm so sorry for your loss. - Our tech podcast, or yeah, listener of the show, almost said tech podcast enthusiast of the show, Pilix says, "So it's now time to overcomplicate a website that can and should have been made with just a bunch of HTML and CSS for my granddad's project that I still need a code name for. Keep going with SwiftUI and recurring connection and keep applying for jobs." Pilix, I'm just gonna throw it out there. Etsy, Shopify, do you need much more? And if you're not selling them, Squarespace. - Squarespace. - Even if you are selling them, Squarespace. - Yeah, I would never recommend anybody go on Etsy anymore. Just because it's so deeply saturated that it becomes next to impossible to get any sort of traction. - In that case, Squarespace. - Charges keep going up and it's way too expensive. - So Squarespace. - Indeed, indeed. - Squarespace. - Our Canadian trivia, nope, our shark of the show, one pair of shoes, Chris says, "My connection for next time is to get the back patio power wash to get ready for warmer, drier winter, weather, not winter, warmer, drier weather. Exciting, I'm excited for the warmer weather for sure." - Yes, the Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica says, "Give myself another two weeks of grace before I aim for accountability. I like it, slow and steady, take the time that you need." - Our robotics engineer of the show, Aidan says, "Next connection, keep working on pumping out job applications. Also look into doing some freelance work in the meantime. Feel like I should build up more of a portfolio and hopefully getting some money to do it seems like a win-win." Yes, yes it does, that's a great idea. - Our mountain dweller of the show, LoGang, says, "Next connection, all the time off gave my mind a much needed rest and I realized the change I need to make in my life. I'm going to transition out of my desk job and become a personal trainer." What? "This conduit I will figure out how to make a website, get my certification and talk to my boss about going part-time." Whoa, was not seeing that coming. We are definitely not the same person because when you said transition out of my desk job, I was like, ooh, that sounds fun. And you said, "Become a personal trainer." I was like, nevermind. - I'm so excited for you, that's incredible. - Congratulations and you can do it. - Absolutely. Our fish bear of the show, Fishy Kai says, "New connection, sleep has once again slipped. Time to make it a priority again." Yes, come and join me in the nap zone. But not actually, that'd be weird. - And our distracted Colombian of the show. - Ramon. - Ramon says, "Very distracted Colombian here. I've been away from the gang for a very long time and I don't remember my last connection. So I'm declaring connection bankruptcy and starting fresh." Absolutely valid, totally here for it. "New connection, create a powerful reminder shortcut that will allow me to either manually type or use Siri to enter a reminder into my phone to help me remember every idea that pops into my super ADHD brain in an organized way. I started playing with the app and I think it'll help me a lot. I know there are a lot better apps out there but I wanna start with reminders and see how it goes. I'm not great with shortcuts, so wish me luck." Ramon, this sounds fun. Keep having fun with it. One suggestion, data jar, data jar. Keep all those ideas in data jar. That's just what I would do. But-- - Or keep it simple. - Drafts, drafts is fun too. - Drafts also an option but I think keeping it in reminders could be a good choice too, especially nice and easy with all of the options available. So yeah, keep it simple. Don't try and over complicate it. Felix, excuse me. (laughing) And it'll all be great. It'll be great. - It wasn't me this time. - Nope, it was me. I'm calling you out. - No, you can do it. - And the best part of this Ramon is getting all the stuff done in the shortcut and then swapping out the end piece makes it very easy. So you got this. You conduit. Yes, we saw the Y-Pilux, it's fine. It's fine. - Yes, it's fine. I'm just teasing. - If you would like to submit a connection, you can do so in the Relay Discord in the show follow-up channel by starting your message and with the conduit emoji and putting your connection after. You can also submit feedback by clicking the link in the show notes or using the submit feedback button at relay.fm/conduit and become a superconductor today. Visit imasuperconductor.com, become a member and get access to the pre and post show banter, ad-free episodes and a co-working session in the off weeks with Kathy and Jay, unless Jason's Spain and then Kathy will probably take a nap and people will actually get work done. - It's true. - Lastly, check out Yukon Wear It for some great conduit merch. Kathy, you sent me a text. - I did. - I got really excited. Can you tell me what we have in the store now? - Yeah, Cotton Bureau has created new options for print-on-demand and you can drink your hydration through or with a conduit drinkware thing. - Yukon Drink It. - Yes, Yukon Drink It. We have, there's so many options. I am so happy that this option is here and I can't wait to decide which one I'm going to order because there's so many good choices but I definitely will need something to take with me for July that says conduit on it. But all of our three designs that you can get in stickers are also available in the drinkware. So check out YukonWear.com. That's Y-O-U-C-O-N-W-E-A-R-I-T.com. - I'm kind of filling the tire water bottle. I also think that the water bottles make really good sticker caddies. So if you have a bunch of stickers and then you have one that's just baked onto the can. So like yeah. - It's perfect. - And then I'm fairly certain that means that they are dishwasher safe which means you won't have the scraggly like stickers peeling off after you've washed it which is helpful. - Yep, so Yukon Drink It. But first you have to go to YukonWear.com to go to our merch store and wear/drink conduit on your body and inside of it apparently. - Oh wow, that went weird. (laughing) - Yeah, it went in a direction that I wasn't fully prepared for. - Clearly. - But all of that to say, Kathy did we do it? Oh, no, we didn't do it yet because we still need to thank our super awesome sponsors. Thank you Ecamm and Computex for sponsoring this week's episode. Kathy, now did we do it? - Oh yeah, we Yukon did it. (upbeat music) so
