---
description: Jay is an ideate. Kathy is an executioner and that is why they work so well together. Learn where you fit in the spectrum and what you can do to sway those around you that are on the other side of it.
pub_date: May 17Th, 2024
title: '75: Ideates 💡 vs Executioners 🪓'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/75
---

(upbeat music) From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we can do our own thing with our own productivity systems. (upbeat music) Welcome to Conduit, the show that always goes above and beyond to let those that work for us.

And on behalf of us know that you're doing a good job.

This episode is brought to you by our lovely superconductors.

I am Jay and with me is the person that you can always know will give you a smile.

Nevermind, I can't finish that sentence 'cause I was gonna go a weird direction. (both laughing) It's Cathy Campbell.

Hey, Cathy. - Hi, Jay.

It seems like we're gonna be in a weird place today, which you know what?

It's one of my favorite, favorite vibes, shall we say? - Yes. - You're a terrible person.

It's fine. - So the allusion to terrible patterns of behavior from all people being mentioned, Cathy is getting ready for an amazingly fun and awesome trip across the globe.

Also, we didn't talk about this in the pre-show.

I just got back from like a week long trip that was a lot, but no worries there.

It was all good.

I didn't need to provide gifts for anyone other than my family. - Never tell you anything. (both laughing) - And if you wanna know what we're talking about, I'm a superconductor.com.

But in the post-show, another secret that I know about Cathy is that Cathy has this inability to keep things alive.

So we're going to be doing a tier list of Chia Pets, the easiest thing on the planet to keep alive. - Okay. - So again, if any of that sounds fun, then you might wanna hang out with us.

But also what happened in the Discord this week, Cathy? - Yeah, we are getting closer and closer to the Relay 10 anniversary show in London that's happening in July.

And that means it's now time for the merch release.

We've got a couple shirt designs.

There is a challenge coin.

And for a very limited period of time, there was a group of about 30 Mark 1 Relay FM branded pens that were put up on Cotton Bureau.

They are already sold out because all of the members in the Discord got access to it very first, which is a benefit of membership that I highly recommend.

It is also membership special season.

So if you stay tuned to your crossover feed, if you are a member of any show, not just us, but ours is the best for sure.

If you are a member and you are subscribed to the crossover feed, you will see a variety of presents that will arrive in your feed to come, including upcoming in June will be a very special game that Alex Cox presented to myself, Jay, and to our friend, Julia Scott.

So stay tuned for that if you are a member.

And if you are not a member, visit IAMASuperconductor.com. - Yes, the return of Make RoboDoism is always a pleasure.

I look forward to it every year.

This is the third year that we've done this.

That's amazing. - I know. - And then also- - They stopped letting me score for some reason. - Yeah, because you keep winning magically.

Somehow a week has gone by and we had this amazing thing that we do in our off weeks called our coworking chat, which we and our superconductor friends hang out outside of the Discord walls where we can be as silly as possible.

I gave a tour of Toronto where I was.

I also got yelled at as usual for having a very reasonable take on the standards of construction of a Reese's cup.

I feel like I did nothing wrong and I was attacked.

So if you wanna stand in solidarity with me, just know that I've been attacked a lot today.

And I would appreciate it. - I wonder why.

Totally not for reasons. - So yeah, you should join us in our coworking session where you can defend my honor.

And if you want to, or do join the Discord or hang out with us in the pre or post show, visit IAMASuperconductor.com and become a member today.

That is letter I, letter M, letter A, superconductor.com.

Next we got some shout outs and I have a special shout out to Aiden and Samla for having so much fun with me in Toronto.

And I spelled it T-O-R-O-N-O 'cause there's no second T in there.

That was one of the biggest things that I learned.

Also, we had a great time grabbing dinner and going to a baseball game and really diving into the complexity that is the sport of American baseball.

Baseball, I guess, across the world is about the same.

So yeah, just baseball in general.

I had a blast.

For those that don't know, with my jobby job, I go to Toronto once a quarter.

So it's good to have some friends up in the city and being able to say, "Hey, I'm in town.

Let's have dinner or something or let's make plans."

And yeah, Aiden and Samla were both so amazing to hang out with.

So again, thank you, thank you so much.

Thank you for hanging out with me and having to deal with so much drama that was happening outside of what we were doing because that's the life I lead.

It's full of drama.

We also had a shout out from Pillix, which, Kathy, do you wanna take that? - Yeah, absolutely.

So in our last episode, we talked about options for what we might be able to present as ideas for Podcastathon, where for, what are they called?

Landmark points of things.

Basically, we do streams where people will do things.

And last year we played Baldur's Gate, where we had some major Gale hate, which was worth it.

And we looked at ideas.

We're trying to figure out ideas for maybe another multiplayer game to play.

So Pillix has a whole list of ideas.

So the We Are Here series says- - There's these that I'm really, really interested in.

But there's one that isn't on the list and I feel like it should be on the list just given our amazing dynamic.

But I- - Am I gonna finish the Pillix comment? - There's so many games on here.

There's only three that should be mentioned.

Go ahead, Kathy. - Well, I'm gonna mention them all because I appreciate the time, effort, and energy that Pillix put into it. - Pillix must be going across country. - Wow, you know what?

That's it.

I'm done.

Peace out, bye.

So Bread and Fred, Death Squared, Kiwi, which is a game that I have, we've played.

I really enjoy it.

Moving out, Overcooked 1 and 2, Pico Park, and Unrailed. - Okay, so I was just going to throw out there that Overcooked 1 and 2 and Unrailed are on my wishlist already for Steam.

So I would vote for one of those.

The one that's missing that I feel like would be a good game, I might also get yelled at if we play it on stream, would be It Takes Two.

Which is like a game that you have to play with one other person, and it's absolutely amazing.

I've watched people play it, but I've never played it before.

So yeah, that's what I was gonna say.

I vote for either Overcooked 1 or 2, and Unrailed, or It Takes Two.

But again, It Takes Two I think is a longer game.

So you'd have to do like a horse of it. - Yeah, I think I'm also looking at the internets, and it's only on the Switch, PlayStations, Xbox, or Windows. - I have a Steam deck, so that should work still. - Oh, well aren't you-- - Yeah, I should be able to do that. - Okay. - Don't you have a gaming console? - Yeah, I have a Switch, but I don't know how to stream it. - We can get you set up, Kathy, it's fine.

We'll get you a capture card.

Ask the beards. - Actually, I already have a capture card. - Yeah, so just use the capture card. - Yeah. - Perfect. - All right, we'll figure that out.

That's for future us problems. - Future us problems.

Also, I promise I'm gonna stop bugging Kathy today. - Are you? - Probably not.

Anyway, our next shout out-- - Yeah, probably not.

I think you need to read the comment from Mike. - Our next shout out is from Mike.

I was getting there.

This is Jay with another hot take. - Okay, I'm just checking.

No Bluey, Disney, pandas, or Apple stuff.

Okay, now listen, listen.

It's not that I'm saying no Bluey or Disney.

First of all, those are, I mean, in our house, they're the same thing.

Because if we said no Disney, it would be no Disney+, which means a lot of no things, which we do use, and I do use Disney+.

No Disney classic stories.

And also no theme parks that keep proliferating the Disney classic stories.

Once you bring Koosko to Disney, either land or world, have him on the screen.

Like, I'm all for it.

You know, let's do that.

Pandas, I stand firm in.

Pandas are trash animals.

And it's not the Apple stuff.

It's big corporation marketing that makes you believe that they're doing the right things for the right reasons when they're really doing the right things because capitalism.

And if you really wanna know my opinion on that, I raised a lot of money for the right reasons this year, and I'll be surprised if we even match close to that next year.

And also none of the big corporations that were in the room raised their hands to help out.

So again, they only do the right thing when it's beneficial for them.

And that's not just Apple, that's all of them.

So big capitalism, not Apple.

Pandas, yeah, that's true.

And then Bluey and Disney are just unrealistic stories proliferated to set really high expectations and then ultimately shatter those expectations.

Yeah, those are my beefs.

Speaking of beefs, the fastest way to cook them is with electricity, and this is why it's time for a connection check. - Snap! - Okay, so Kathy, what was your connection? - My connection was to make a cozy place to finish the project that needs to happen.

So I had my little office chair with a little table, I put handles, I put a soft blankie, and I jammed out to some music on my Spotify, and I managed to get the project done.

And we're in the final steps to then present it before the client leaves on a trip.

Today, and so hopefully in the next couple of weeks, I should have a result, which is very exciting. - That is awesome.

My connection was to give people the ability to come up with ideas and support them in their abilities to ideate and execute on them.

I did that.

I think I did a really good job of that, actually.

Not only did I push out there like, "Hey, I can't do this by myself."

Not saying that I am, but saying that I'm doing a lot of this because it's my job to do as much of this until people step up and take the reins.

But I did that.

Some people did step up, and then we had the super awesome event, and then more people stepped up, and we built like three or four teams that are tackling different things across the community or across the nonprofit now, which is fantastic because I am intentionally not being included on things so that they can have a sense of autonomy and a sense of like, "You don't need my permission to be awesome."

And it's still a little stressful because there's just so many other things that I wanna get off of my plate, but it's moving in the right direction.

And at least in those things, it feels really, really nice to not be constantly bombarded with figuring those things out.

And then we have our conductors. - Do have our conductors.

And I just realized that I did not-- - No, I just missed one. - Oh, okay. - I did them all. - Okay.

Oh, thank you. - You're welcome.

It's the least I can do. - It's true, that's true.

So artist of the show, Carly, says, "Connection check, Greenheart.

I grabbed coffee with an old friend from high school who I haven't seen in forever.

Turns out she's a freelance writer and she's going to interview me.

So it was a win.

I wasn't expecting that when I invited her." - There we go.

Our entire advocate of the show, Chintas, says, "Connection check, I don't know.

I fell out of the habit of doing these a while ago, so I don't know how I did it, my last connection."

That's okay, we're just happy to have you back, Chintas. - It's true, that's true.

Our soprano of the show, Debo, says, "Connection check, Greenheart.

I selected and purchased a quilt pattern and got the approval of the mom-to-be.

Ordered fabric, so I'm well on my way for the bang stages of the big bill.

I can't waste the ceiling, son." - Our checklist enthusiast of the show, Mike, says, "Previous connection, green check mark.

I set up my personal weekly review process, created a to-do list template and went through the first review.

Now I just need to do some fine tuning."

That's awesome, and I'm glad that you brought that up during our systems check week, so awesome.

All right, so while Kathy is doing Kathy things, getting that figured out, I'm just gonna burn through this list really quick.

The nameless of the show, nameless, says, "Green square, connection check.

The winter clothes are stored away through the block schedule."

Although the block schedule did not work, but the connection was set up, the block schedule.

That's okay, like didn't work, maybe just not your thing, or maybe there's some refinements that can happen.

Our Oracle of the show, Soph, says, "Connection check, green apple.

I haven't finished my article yet, but I've worked on it most days.

It's going slowly, but it's going."

I totally get that, Soph.

It took me like three weeks to make a survey.

And the only way that I could make it was little by little.

The tech podcast listener of the show, Pilex, says, "Connection check, green tree.

I have applied for jobs, worked on granddad projects, started learning Flask for the project."

Yay, I know what that is.

Also, I talked to the person that maintains it, so let me know if you have any questions.

They're a good friend of mine.

"And kept up learning Swift UI."

That's awesome.

You're doing a lot of the dev work, and I like it.

Our identical twin of the show, Aaron, says, "Connection check, green circle.

Running continues to go well.

Looking forward to doing some more this week."

One of them, one of them.

Robotics engineer of the show, Aiden, says, "Connection check, yellow heart.

This last conduit may not have been the best time to try and build a routine.

With the long weekend and other disruptive days, made enough process that I don't feel like I deserve a red, but more structure needs to be done."

Perfectly okay with that, and you'll get them in the next one.

Our mountain dweller of the show, Logang, says, "Yellow circle, some family health stuff came up.

Everyone is okay now, but I lost a few days of useful time, so all I did was study for my certification."

That is okay.

You made the best of the time that you had.

Our pathologist of the show, Laura, says, "Yellow heart, my last connection was to just rest more.

I think I did okay with this possible green heart territory.

I finished two books and did more sitting and less filling with the time with random tasks than usual.

However, it turns out I'm not actually good at this, and ended up feeling fairly anxious on the days that I got the most rest.

Only giving a yellow heart because I need to discuss this with my therapist."

I mean, I think you still earned a green.

The fact that you recognize the things that were hard, and you're not only like recognizing it and then acknowledging that it's hard, but being willing to talk about it, I think is super awesome.

And one thing that I have learned, having my own bad habits of being a chronic worker, or someone who has to feel like they're always working, is it takes a lot of time to reset your brain into being okay with not doing anything.

And supposedly this is where the whole kids on their iPads thing is looking like it may not be a great idea, is that kids are going to wind up being anxious because they're constantly used to stimulus and need time to themselves in their own heads unless they don't have an internal monologue.

And then they just need time in the quiet, I guess.

Anyway, our fish bear of the show, Fishy Kai says, "Connection check, green circle, household admin, pile is smaller.

Somehow I had more time this week to catch up."

That's awesome.

And lastly, our Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica, said, "Green check, I did my exercise routine exactly once, and then I broke my toe."

So I'm glad I only aimed for once.

Good job, I think.

Please, please get better.

Rest your broken toe.

And yeah, good job.

Good job at least getting something knocked out there.

All right, so as we mentioned before, this episode doesn't have a product sponsor this week.

That's just because doing sponsorship stuff is complicated.

And we actually have multiple sponsors next week because of just how the weeks rolled, I guess.

But we wanted to take this time to mention our lovely superconductors.

And I will just say, we have some of the coolest people on the planet.

You hear some of their stories just through these connections.

You have people who have gotten married throughout the show, people who have changed careers.

We have people who are going into finishing school, writing books.

And for some reason, these amazing, wonderful people take time out of their day to listen to two friends, which I say friends.

Kathy might wanna choke me out from time to time just because I give Kathy a hard time.

But these amazing people take time out to listen to us and to commiserate with our stories, to hear us regale about how we are productivity enthusiasts who have become somewhat upset with the way that productivity is talked about online, how it is almost fetishized and not taken as a way to be just super helpful.

And I would say they do a lot.

There's a lot of things that I've been able to do in my personal career, some leaps that I've made, some chances that I've taken.

And a lot of it was based on the support of our superconductors, in some cases just verbally and emotionally, and in some cases actually financially.

So yeah, this was a thank you to our superconductors.

It is you and the rest of the people that listen.

Y'all are the reasons why we do this every other week and we keep showing up, but especially those superconductors.

And I will end it the way we always end it.

Thank you for your support of Conduit and all of Relay FM.

So Kathy, it is a systems check week, which we like these system checks because we feel like they're really good onboarding for new listeners who may have been like, "Wow, these people hate each other, or at least one person hates the other person." (all laughing) So for those that are still here, what is a systems check? - A systems check is where, so most of the time our episodes basically come in and we don't talk about specific tools.

We strongly believe that the tool that works best for you is the best tool to use.

But additionally, systems tend to change over time.

A good system will adjust based on whatever you might have going on in your life, in your work, in your day, and being able to adjust what you do and how you do it in order to make sure that you keep track of everything.

So we like to come in once a quarter and just kind of update what we're doing, how we're doing it, how we're feeling about our systems, like what we might be working on changing or what we have changed, and actually talking about the actual tools that we use to try and be the best that we can. - Yeah, it's definitely interesting to see the waves that we kind of ride when it comes to doing the productivity thing.

I think sometimes it is very like, "I'm in love with my setup, everything is great."

And then it kind of bounces back into, "Everything is horrible and this is bad."

I am like, this is one of those episodes for me.

So I feel like the last couple of systems checks have been really rough for me.

And I think that, I mean, I don't know if that's good or bad.

I don't know if I'm onto something new or if I'm just catching up to the changes that are happening, but yeah, Cathy, let's, do you wanna start or I feel like you always start with these, so I don't mind starting, but I will leave it up to you. - Well, if you wanna start since you've started your writing, like your notes taking, then I can put my notes in and we can do that. - Sure. - Or I don't mind going first. - I can go.

So this year was the year that I was going to try the Hobonichi.

I have a Hobonichi, Techo original.

Okay, I can never remember which one I have.

It's right in front of me.

And the thing that I mentioned that I really liked about the Hobonichi was that there was a page for every day.

And this is true, there is a page for every day.

It feels very much like I haven't been using my Hobonichi.

And a part of that is because of my travel schedule.

Originally, I didn't expect to be traveling as much as I have been.

Yeah, that is affecting my mental a lot.

The amount of travel that I have, like I'm gonna be gone almost two weeks in July.

Actually, I'm gonna be gone for like all of July because I have other things that are non-work related that I'm traveling for.

And when I travel, I tend to not take my Hobonichi with me, mostly because I don't know, like I'm usually operating out of like a hotel and I'm at a booth doing stuff and I don't really have, like when I'm at my desk, my Hobonichi sits in between my keyboard 'cause I have a split keyboard.

So it's left pad, Hobonichi, right pad.

And then I can just jot down what I'm doing.

But when I'm in a hotel, I'm not taking my keyboard.

I could, I might, maybe I should, but I'm usually not.

And that's just because I'm constantly moving around.

I'm going places and doing stuff.

So I don't really feel like I have a good opportunity to just sit down and like do the, I am working on this.

I feel like I'm just doing, you know, piece by piece by piece by piece and everything feels chaotic in that time.

And that's the thing where I say, it feels like a failure until it doesn't.

Because I mean, I tell you today was my first day back at work from a long trip.

And I filled up the page this morning with just things that I needed to do because I knew that today was gonna be hectic.

And it was like, wow, if I felt at the end of the day, like I got nothing accomplished, this book would just be telling me like, "Nuh-uh, you did a lot.

Like look at all this stuff that you did."

And that was the purpose of this Hobonichi.

That being said, I am still a little concerned about the amount of like blank pages in the back because there's only like six pages.

And I have so many big projects that I'm working on right now that feel they're not connected, they're super disjointed.

Like there's so many, some of it's work, some of it's nonprofit stuff, some of it's, we just got our floors replaced and there's still more things that they gotta do there.

So I'm having to keep track of all of that stuff.

And like six pages is not enough.

And this is where what I really want is like a Hobonichi like half book.

Like I want the five-year Hobonichi, but I also just want it to have one year and the rest be blank pages so that I could just fill out like all of those pages with stuff, which has me even-- - I'm sorry, if only there was a way to have a notebook with blank pages. - Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

So this is the challenge is that yes, me and my notebook from last year, my plotter that I had, like it was all blank pages, but that didn't give me my page a day already lined up.

So all I had to do was start writing.

And again, when I talk about the friction that comes with just adding the date to the page or adding a little design to the top, like yes, for some people that is an opportunity to make the day yours from the start.

For me, it's just one more thing that I gotta remember to do and that I've gotta like push myself to do. - I think you're misunderstanding.

I think you're misunderstanding.

I am saying using both, both options. - Oh, to have two notebooks.

Yes, one that is your notebook for blank pages, that is the planning, that note-taking, the full like everything involved here.

And then the other is your day to day one that's already has the stuff in it.

And you could always, so yes, I totally get, okay.

Another option is because you have blank pages is utilizing those blank pages and pretending that they're blank pages.

Like that, they even though they're, so they're empty and just using that as your notes, but that becomes a little bit more difficult to keep track of.

In the chat, Rosemary mentioned the Filofax, which I used Filofax for a very long time.

And I do, I really enjoy those pages as well.

The rings were a little bit unfortunate for me.

And so I just fell off of that, even though I have a variety of very, very nice ones to do, but having something that like seeing if you can mentally have two separate books, one for the planning and one for like the actual like project based, see if that could work. - Yeah, so I am, what I've kind of resigned myself to is I will probably either A, go back to the plotter after this year and kind of do that.

Like that's basically what I had with the plotter was I had like two notebooks, one is like an annual spread and the other was just a blank notebook.

And the plotter was kind of more designed that you rip the pages out, but I can just keep the entire notebook in there.

I think that kind of does similar to what the Filofax is doing.

Also, I haven't checked in on plotter in a while because I wanted to give myself the best chance of being successful with the Hobonichi.

And I know the second I go onto the website, they've got, yep, they've got new stuff and it looks great. - Of course they do. - So yeah, there's a lot of like, I don't know what's there and that's probably for a good reason because if I did, it would try to, it would be, it would urge to like immediately start going, well, I could get these refills and then I could do this other refills and then I can do like this, this and this.

And now I'm just like, ah, this was a mistake.

But also I do remember the diary refills for the plotter I did not like because they're basically a calendar or they're the like Hobonichi weeks style where it's just like a strip and then you have to try to fit everything in that little bitty strip, which is not my thing.

I need like, again, I need a daily page.

I don't know why I need a daily page, but a daily page is what I need. - Okay, so question for that and you can say, whatever.

Have you tried not using a daily page?

And is it just like you're not able to know, like you're not able to actually do it?

Like it doesn't work for your brain or do you just think that that's what you need to do? - I think the daily pages are good for my brain in that when I'm, again, I get into these moments where I feel like I haven't done anything.

And like the reality is I know that I'm doing a lot all the time, but I think that there's that weird, like if you're doing a bunch of little tasks of no substance that don't really feel like they're going to anywhere, you don't really feel like you're doing anything, you're just like spinning your wheels.

Having them written down on like, okay, what did you do last week?

And I could look at last week and go, okay, these five things that you did, this, this, this, this, and this, these all go towards this bigger goal.

And it wasn't that you were working on the bigger goal.

It was like, okay, this day you did a little bit, kind of like, I think it was, maybe it wasn't Laura, it was someone else's connection.

And they were talking about like accomplishing it like little by little.

And like me talking about, I worked on this survey for our organization and it took me three weeks to do the survey or to make the survey.

And the way that I did it was basically I, like on the bus from the airport to the hotel, like I worked on the survey a little bit.

As I was sitting at the booth waiting for people to come by, I was working on the survey a little bit.

On my flight home, I was working on the survey.

Like it was like, I was finding these little pieces of time.

And if I don't have the day that that happened, it's like, oh, I worked on the survey.

And then it was like, okay, well I've already written that I worked on the survey, so I don't need to like write it down again.

Or if I wrote, I worked on the survey 50 times, it's like, wow, I spent a lot of time working on this survey but like having it like plotted in between like flight to Pittsburgh, bus ride to hotel, like worked on thing, like, oh yeah, that's right.

I did work on this while I was doing that thing.

It's just like, it serves a purpose of giving me like this little like good job, you found some time and did the thing during that time.

Remember you also were doing these 17 other things that are probably important. - I get, I totally get that.

Is it something that you could have that smaller space of a weekly spread to fill in that information?

Or does it need to be a full page? - I think it needs to be a full page because some days it feels like a full page isn't even enough. - Okay, okay, got it. - But yeah, and then the last thing in that of all of this was I've kind of settled on using Todoist for a little while, not to do the daily page stuff.

Like I'm still using when I'm here doing my daily pages in my Hobonichi but like there's a lot of things that I'm responsible for, I shouldn't even say doing that have multi-steps and I need a space to collect all of that.

And again, like I have six projects currently in Todoist that are active, which would take all six pages of my Hobonichi.

And I have thought about the like, what about two notebooks?

I actually do, I have the Sidekick Notepad, not the Psychic Notepad, the Sidekick Notepad.

And I often do like write out steps on those things of kind of like, hey, here's this thing that I'm working on throughout the week that is like multiple steps, I'll write those steps out on there.

I genuinely do not wanna carry two notebooks around.

I did that before, there was a comment in the chat that has me looking at the Midori Travelers notebooks again, I have a Travelers notebook cover.

So like, yeah, I could easily go back to a Travelers notebook.

I mean, I don't know, it's for right now, I'm just paying for Todoist monthly until I feel like I have a better grasp on things or at least the amount of projects that I'm working on is less.

And I do feel like that's going to happen, not necessarily soonish, but I do think that things will start to slow down in certain areas and pick up in other areas.

And there are other tools that are responsible for keeping all of that stuff under control.

And those tools are often people because they'll be like, hey, Jay, you're working on this, do you have an update?

And I'll go, yeah, I was doing this, this and this, here's where I am.

And that's good enough.

But for the things where I don't have a project manager or someone to help me keep track of where I am, Todoist has been super helpful.

And I don't know, I think we've talked about it before.

I've been a long-term on and off Todoist person.

I don't have, I switched between them, just whichever one is working at the moment for me.

Todoist seems to be fine.

Like the one thing that these are always not meant to be is like an invitation to be like, you should try doing this and then just moving everything in there because it's gonna change your life.

It's like, we know, we know.

So yeah, right now Todoist is serving as that other notebook.

And also just a shout out, I finally caved and I got drafts on my work computer.

I didn't pay for another annual membership.

For those that don't know, we have to keep separate accounts for work and for like our personal lives.

So, and iCloud Drive is not allowed.

So what I basically had to do was get drafts on my computer, have it not back up to iCloud Drive and then basically just have it be drafts, like the bare bones version of drafts.

And it's been so helpful.

Like I can't even, I can't even begin to like, yes, it sucks because now I have like certain like things that I've written that are on a different computer and not on like my personal computer, which syncs to my phone and all these other things.

But like, it has been so helpful for like, I just need to write something down really quick.

Or I just need to think about what I'm writing as I'm writing it.

And I'm always paranoid that I'm going to hit send early.

So yes, drafts, it's where text starts for me at least.

I'm so glad that I'm using it again for work stuff.

And I am very, I'm considering very much, why don't I just have work pay for it?

Or at least ask them to pay for it.

I think the answer is like, they don't, they pay for things, but they don't always pay for personal decisions when there's like another tool that they're like, you could just use Google Docs and we have that and you could just use that instead.

That would be their justification for not paying for it, which again, I can't get that. - Yeah, but here's the thing, you won't know until you ask. - Yeah, yeah, yeah. - Yeah, because until you ask, the answer is no. - Yeah, you're not wrong.

You're not wrong. - I know. - So that's me. - I know. - That's where I'm at.

Kathy, where you been?

What you doing? - All right, so my system is very similar to what it's been in the past.

I am using a bullet journal system in my notebook therapy.

Notebook and doing weekly spreads on there with a monthly artistic, like let me take a moment at the beginning of the month, just kind of vibe with my notebook, shall we say.

And then I've started using my Leuchtturm 1917 as meeting notes.

I am possibly, so just like my connection was a potentially large big time project that will require a variety of extra stuff, I need to be taking those notes.

Now, the thing with this is I want to have it handwritten, but instead of making the notes in my iPad, like I do for a variety of other clients, not everything that I take notes of needs to be kept.

It's not all actionable, it's not all like important information.

And so my thought process is if I have my notes handwritten in a separate notebook, then after the meeting, because I have to send an email with like, here's the things we talked about and actionable items and like just a higher level, this is what's going on type of a thing.

If I hand write it in a notebook and I can then use that as a way to like review it and be like, okay, this is what actually needs to happen.

And then I can move it over into OmniFocus and into the followup meeting and that sort of thing.

So that is my plan as of right now for this project.

OmniFocus is still working really, really great, especially when I actually use it.

That's been my problem is that I haven't been using it like I know I need to.

Like when I sit in the morning and I spend five, 10 minutes just like reviewing what needs to happen for the day and putting those things into OmniFocus, it's amazing how those things actually get done because I'm not trying to rely on my brain to remember what needs to happen.

So this is my friendly reminder to myself and to anyone else that needs to hear this or as they say on the social medias, I don't know who needs to hear this, but if you use your tools and the system that you have in place, it has a higher possibility to work.

I know that's a hot take.

You're welcome.

And then I also, on my little note here, I decided that I was gonna put Spotify Premium on my list of things because it has been really, really important in my brain to come in and say, to listen to music more often.

I tend to watch things, but lately I've been bouncing all around and so I've just been playing a variety of music.

Usually it's whatever my day list on Spotify is, which has some interesting, interesting titles for things.

Like right now, my day list, let me look.

My day list is modern folk cottagecore Tuesday morning.

You listened to meditation and focus on Tuesday mornings.

Here's some modern folk cottagecore, acoustic mountain granola vibes and rainy day music.

So that is what we'll be playing when we finish this recording.

And it is really nice to not have to think about what I wanna listen to.

And usually it's pretty good and will give me the right vibes.

Although yesterday morning it did a lot of country and not like Beyonce country, but like country country.

And I was like, I'm gonna pass.

I'm gonna pass on that.

It did not flow with my brain.

So that, I think I'm gonna need to be making some tweaks in the future though.

We'll see how this works.

'Cause that's the thing is that I don't know how it's gonna work until I'm actively needing to be in it.

And so over the next couple of weeks, especially because, so next week I'll be in Taiwan all week and I still need, there are still things that need to happen that need to get done.

So I'm gonna be taking a shortened version of my stuff.

So I think I'm just gonna be using my iPad and like making notes on it or whatever, not necessarily my physical notebooks, but I might, maybe I'll just take like field notes and that'll be like smaller pages because I definitely work better if I can hand write.

So if I take field notes, it will fit in my travel wallet and will sit and be easy to just, I don't know.

We'll see, I have three days and eight hours to figure that out.

So we'll see how that goes. - There was something that you mentioned with your kind of like meeting notebook.

I love the idea of sitting with your notes.

Again, my psychic notepad is that notebook for me as well.

I don't think I, well, we haven't had a systems check since.

I started like sketch noting, like not, not like greatly like ugly sketched notes. - No judgment, there's not like a reward.

You're not making a business with this. - Yeah, I think the biggest help for me in it has been just keeping one part of my brain occupied so that I guess the other brain, the other side of the brain would listen and pay attention.

And even like, if I looked, if I thought about like the last thing I put in a daily log that wasn't today, which is like right out in front of me, I would struggle to think about what happened in that like particular day or like a good example of this was checked out, went to office. - Okay, I don't even know what that means.

Checked out, went off.

I genuinely don't, like I'm reading this and I have no idea what this means.

But I can tell you about a drawing that I did when I was in Spain for like one of our meetings that was super totally interesting, he said, while shaking his head vigorously in one direction that you may not expect, wink, TM.

But the like being able to recall stuff in that meeting is it's not by the words that were said, it's by like the goofy pictures that I was drawing of like Mr.

Krabs from SpongeBob going, "I love AI, I mean money, I mean AI." (both laughing) So like there are definitely these moments where like, I don't know how that plays a role, but what I do know is like I just start sketch noting in my sidekick notepad or my plotter desk pad.

I just kind of grab whichever one I grab and then I use it 'cause ultimately it's not important.

Like I don't even keep the drawings.

I just draw them and then when I'm done, I'm like, all right, any action items?

Okay, cool, write those in my notebook and then like the drawings themselves can be thrown away.

It's just funny that like in those moments, I'm able to more clearly recall the information that was given based on these drawings.

But yeah, something about, I don't know if it's just the tangibility of using physical paper versus like just typing things in or if it's the like specific, I'm doing a thing different because it's engaging a different part of my brain.

That's helping me like have a better focus as well as a better recollection of what's happening in those meetings. - Yeah, it's entirely possible.

It's hard to say though, like why brains do what they do, but man, I'm glad that they are doing what they're doing.

They don't.

Oh, wow. - Well, I think. - Cool. - Anything you mentioned wanting to change some things up, any specifics into that or still not sure yet? - Yeah, I'm still not sure yet.

I just know that I need to be agile.

So, I know, so gross, so gross.

But I know there are things that are probably gonna be happening in the future.

And so I need to be ready to make the changes that I need to make.

Even if I don't right now know what they are. - There is a topic that I, we don't have time to get into it today, but I want people to remind me that this is a topic.

It kind of goes in the realm of Laura's connection around needing time in the quiet, needing like time where we're not doing anything and battling the anxiety around that.

I am feeling that my system isn't failing me, that my behavior is setting me up for issues that I don't think any system would fix.

That I don't think that it's a like, I need to use this, this and this, and then I'm good or inbox zero or GTD or blah, blah, blah.

Agile, I don't think any of those things are the answer.

I think the answer truly is a part of my job that I need to be okay with is the act of not doing and the act of saying like, today's gonna be an admin day.

Like I'm going to do all of the admin things that I needed to do so that I can spend the rest of the day focusing on, or the rest of the week, focusing on other things.

And the only way that stuff is going to get done is if I choose to feel like I'm unproductive today by doing the admin stuff or doing the quote unquote, not important stuff or the stuff that I get paid to do.

Like today has been nothing but receipts and like doing trip stuff, like getting reimbursed for all my trip stuff and then scheduling my next trips.

So like looking at it, I'm like, nothing got done today, even though again, notebook tells me it did.

But I think I just have to be okay with saying, a part of your job is to do this.

So make it a day, either one day a week or one day just as it's needed to be like, I'm only focusing on doing these things, because if I don't, then they're going to get in the way of doing other things in the future. - Yes, oh my goodness.

I think that's something that I need to remind myself that yes, taking that time for admin is important and will set you up for success.

When I do my morning routine, I feel better.

I have not journaled or done even some, any semblance of my ideal like morning routine in months.

And I know that it's part of why I'm feeling like out of control a little bit.

And so I definitely need to get back into it because I do feel so much better when I sit down and kind of plot instead of just getting right into things.

I feel better and I know I feel better.

So why don't I do it?

Because brains. - Brains, yeah.

And I'm sure that there are. - Brains. - I'm totally sure that, again, I think this is a topic that we want to save for the next episode because we need to give ourselves time to really develop on that.

But Kathy, speaking of developing on new things, what you gonna do this connection other than enjoy traveling around the world, being a trendsetter influencer in the tech space? - I am going to take my mornings to, like I'm gonna do my morning routine.

I'm going to do at least some piece of my morning routine, including when I'm on vacation.

Because it's not a vacation, it's a work-cation.

So what I'm gonna do, so I think I am gonna take a notebook of some sort.

I don't know which one.

Maybe I'll grab a new one, which always makes it more fun.

Ooh, maybe I'll buy one in Taiwan.

And that'll be like my brain dump, slap.

Okay.

Rose, we're going to a notebook. - A stationary store in Taiwan. - A stationary store.

Well, we already have a list, like that's one of the links that is on a list to check out.

So that's definitely going to be one of my things.

But I want to, like even journaling, like I want to write what we did the day before because my memory isn't super great.

So like if I write down what happened, I know I'm gonna have a better chance of remembering the trip.

And just having a good time and effort and energy to be able to do that.

So I'm going to at least journal every day. - I like it.

In the other world of Jay being constantly confronted with deadlines, I am going to try to blow the dust off of live streaming.

Something that I haven't done in a long time.

And it's purely just been because trying to understand my role at work and what that looks like.

But I have a talk coming up that I need to be prepared for.

And I'm trying to be super, super ambitious about it.

And a part of that is working on this application.

And I need to build the application.

So whenever I live stream, it gives me the ability to like actually go and do things.

And also, there are people who are learning Python or who are learning a different tool, one of the tools that I'm using.

And I feel like it can be a good opportunity to catch up with them, to show them things that I'm learning so that they don't have to make the same mistakes.

But also, it gives me an excuse to sit in the chair, especially like right now, my daughter's out of school.

So there's like this urge to constantly be like, well, what are they doing?

Let me go in and see what's happening there. - Bother them. - Yeah, so now it's like, nope, nope, you're at work.

Gotta focus, gotta do the work thing.

And if the camera's on and pointing at me, then I'm gonna be more likely to sit at my desk and do the work.

So I'm gonna commit to at least doing it twice in the next conduit. - Good, I love that. - Hold on, I'm typing it now.

Okay, so now for our conductors. - Our artist of the show, Carly's new connection is going to keep trying to grab coffee with people.

It worked so well last time that I wanna do it again with someone new.

Love that, I'm so excited for you.

I can't wait to hear. - Our entire advocate of the show, Chinta, says finish the cape.

Is it the conduit cape? - Is it a conduit cape? - I see, I've been sewing.

I know I've got a busy couple of months coming and I wanna make sure it's ready and plenty of time for a certain extravaganza.

Is it the conduit cape? - It is a cape!

I'm so excited. - Oh, that's awesome. (laughing) - Amazing.

Our soprano of the show, Debo, says next connection, get pieces cut out for the baby quilt.

That's one of my mom's favorite parts is cutting pieces when she makes quilts. - Our checklist enthusiast of the show, Mike, says start setting up website and other infrastructure for new project.

Already bought the domain.

Ooh, new projects.

Everybody loves a good new project. - Yeah.

Our nameless of the show, Nameless, says new connection, find new boxes for the winter clothes.

The cardboard boxes have been a good tool, but they are falling apart.

Time to get something more long lasting.

Also install the garden wire in the crawl space.

I think those sound like great things to do. - Our Oracle of the show, Soph, says I've been procrastinating on applying for my Irish passport for about a year and now I've lost some documents I need for it.

I'm going to try really hard to find them and order copies if I can.

Then actually do the thing and apply.

Yes, Soph, we need you to have your passport so that you can come visit us in London.

So please, please do the thing. - Well, Soph's already a British citizen and has a British passport, I believe. - I'm so confused on how that works.

But then how would they get? - And so I think it's-- - But how would they get back? - I think it's a second passport.

What? - I'm so confused.

Why would you need an Irish passport? - I think that Soph's eligible for dual citizenship.

And so maybe, I could be wrong though.

I could be completely wrong.

So Soph, let us know how wrong we are. - And also good luck in getting all the passport stuff done. - Yes, yes, for sure.

Our tech podcast listener of the show, Pilex, says next connection, same thing.

Learn SwiftUI, keep working on Flask and Project, and keep applying, wait, no, keep applying for the jobs.

There you go.

There was a little clapping hands in the text, so. - Our identical twin of the show, Erin, says, I wanna wrap up the bulk of my freelancing project in this conduit.

I have a major feature to finish implementing.

And then address some technical debt. - Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

You got this.

Best of luck in pushing this to be before the deadline, I'm guessing.

But you got this. - Yes.

Our robotics engineer of the show, Aidan, says new connections, start collecting my various projects into portfolio that I can send in along with my job applications.

Also, figure out what an engineering portfolio is supposed to look like.

And then the upside down smiley face.

Yeah, good luck with that.

I have no suggestions.

So I hope it all works out. - Yeah.

Our mountain dweller of the show, Logang, says, round two, fight, no, round two, work out.

No, round two, set up the businessy stuff and several practice tests for the certification.

Maybe the real one if those go well.

I think you got this, Logang.

You're doing great. - You can do it.

Our pathologist of the show, Laura, new connection, catch up.

I've been in do the minimum at work mode because the minimum has been a lot the past few weeks.

I want to catch my breath a bit and catch up with some longer term projects during the next two weeks.

I think that sounds absolutely fantastic. - Then our fish bear of the show, Fishy Kai, says new connection.

We have some long overdue home improvement projects that we'd like to get done this year.

This conduit I'll focus on prepping those or prepping for those, which comes with cleaning, organizing and throwing stuff out, et cetera. - Excellent.

Our last connection for this fortnight comes from the Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica, who says next connection, stay off my broken toe as much as possible. - That sounds smart. - I think that sounds like a really smart idea.

If you'd like to submit a connection, you can do so in the relay discord in the hashtag show followup channel by starting your message with the conduit emoji and putting your connection after.

You can also submit it by feedback when you click on the link in the show notes or using the submit feedback button at relay.fm/conduit.

Lastly, consider visiting I'mASuperconductor.com to become a member today.

You'll get access to the pre and post show banner, an ad-free episode and a coworking session in the off weeks with Kathy and Jay.

And just a reminder, in this post show, Kathy is going to be ranking, oh, chia pets, because why not?

And you can also visit YukonWearIt.com to get some great conduit merch.

We have everything from flatware, not flatware, those are like forks and knives. - Flatware. - I mean, hey, we have forks, and a conduit fork would go so hard.

I want a teaspoon with the conduit logo at the top.

My special conduit. - All right, you work on that. - Exactly.

But we do have some shirts of all different kinds and varieties from onesies to hoodies and everything in between.

We also have some cups, mugs and other things and some stickers.

So a little bit of something for everybody, YukonWearIt.com.

And also thank you to our lovely superconductors for being our sponsor for this week's episode.

Hey Kathy, are the systems all checked now? - Uh, ch-ch-ch-checked, yes. - That's funnier than we thought. (upbeat music)
