---
description: Kathy and Jay are cooking this summer. Maybe not on the grill but we’re taking our busy time and looking to transform it into stability.
pub_date: June 13th, 2024
title: '77: Let Me Cook'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/77
---

[Music] From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we can do our own thing with our own productivity systems.

[Music] Welcome to Conduit, the show that talks about the future and the present.

This episode is brought to you by micro.blog, Computex, Tytra, and Ecamm.

Hi, I'm Kathy, and with me today is the one and only grumpy old man, Jay Miller.

Hi, Jay.

I think that intro went past me.

So, this week in the Discord was busy, of course, because WWDC was yesterday, so our hashtag Apple channel was bananas.

But we've also got a bunch of excitement for the live show happening in the end of July because it's a little over a month and a half away now, which is absolutely terrifying and super exciting.

I'm excited to get on another international flight, but not on the airline that I flew to Taiwan.

So, make sure if you are not a superconductor, I talk all about my flights to and from Taiwan in the pre-show.

So, check that out if you're interested.

We'll have some more information a little bit later on.

But hey, Jay, what happened in the coworking when I was gone?

Oh, man, I just wanted to throw out there, like, it's your choice.

You could either give us like $12 a month or you could take an expensive flight to Taiwan to see what Kathy was talking about.

One of these is significantly cheaper than the other.

Also, we'll take $5 a month.

It doesn't have to be $12.

It's $7 a month now, isn't it?

Yep, $7 a month.

Yep, yep.

Not $12.

Either way, not $12.

Not $12.

I mean, you can give us an extra $5 on the side.

Also true.

I'm not going to refuse your money.

Anyway, in the coworking, I tried to get the music working.

It did not work.

We usually have nice, relaxing music.

And instead, we had Jay going, "Crap, it didn't work."

We talked about a lot of stuff.

We talked about work stuff, honestly.

We did a lot of work.

I was… I love that for us.

Yeah, I know.

That's so weird.

I was working on a project for helping people do transcriptions with AI, which was just funnier than anything productive at the time.

AI would be wildin', y'all.

I love this for us.

I love this era we're about to go into, he said, shaking his head vigorously.

But yeah, it was super fun to catch up with everyone.

And everyone was kind of heads down working on their own little things.

We learned more about… Ah!

We learned more about the career path of a UX and UI developer.

In very good detail.

Ooh.

Work on those portfolios, y'all.

Make up use cases and then test them or make up test cases and test them.

And use them.

Perfect.

Yeah, honestly, it was a really good conversation.

I was super excited to have it because it talked about an area of tech that I don't get a lot of exposure to.

And if you want to enjoy things like that, you can do so by joining our next coworking session in the off weeks with Kathy and Jay.

You can also join us live while we record each episode in the Discord.

Any of those things are part of the membership plan.

You can visit IAmASuperconductor.com to become a member today.

That's letter I, letter M, letter A.

Superconductor.com.

All right.

So a couple shout outs here and follow up, I guess.

Now, our identical twin of the show, Aaron, says Jay was in Toronto and didn't say hi.

Just kidding.

Hope you had a nice time.

Now, you were in Toronto?

Is that how that happened?

And I think you hung out with some people.

Yeah, I was going to say, I specifically asked people in the Discord if you were in Toronto or sorry, Toronto, as they call it.

There's only one T in Toronto.

That you let me know and that we not only did I hang out with with some of our other super awesome superconductors, we went to a baseball game.

We got dinner.

I paid for everything.

Like it was a blast and you should have been there.

But that being said, I'll be there again next month on the 10th and the 11th.

So wait, yes, on the 10th and the 11th.

So if you want to hang out, there's a chance.

But also, this might be the last time I go to Toronto for work.

So they were like, wait a minute, how much money did you spend?

And I was like, let's not talk about that.

And then they're like, hmm, we have 40 people that work in Toronto.

Maybe you don't have to fly from Atlanta, which I've been saying that this whole time.

Right.

But you got to go, which is nice.

Our Oracle of the show.

So says that, yes, they are indeed applying for dual citizenship because they've been entitled.

And the reason why is because of Brexit, mainly because it gets more complicated.

And so basically, just as expected, there is a reason that they are doing it.

And it's not something that silly Americans would understand.

Yep.

And I would also just say that I, oh, yeah, Brexit.

I watched a video that talked about potential countries that might become their own, might become nations.

And to see Scotland show up on that, I was like, oh, yeah, that's right.

That whole thing's complicated, ain't it?

Sorry, complicated, innit?

So there's that whole thing.

Having flown into Europe recently and seeing the cues for stuff and now they're being carve-outs for like, if you're American, you can go here.

If you're Chinese, you can go here.

If you're British, you can go here.

If you're everyone else on the planet, here's this other cue.

And I'm like, ooh, that feels rough.

Oh, yeah.

Also, if you're European Union, then there is no line.

You just go because it must be nice.

Oh, I'm so jealous.

I wish we had that.

I just wish every country accepted my global entry and allowed me to just walk straight through.

Right.

Yeah.

Oh, my gosh.

OK.

So real quick distraction there while you mentioned global entry.

Let me just tell you about how ridiculous it is to be an international layover in Seattle.

So I landed from Taiwan and then you get off the plane and you pick up your baggage and then you have to go through customs.

Super easy for global entry.

Just take my picture, whatever, move on.

But then we had to go through security again, which I because I have global entry, that also includes TSA pre check, which means I pack for TSA pre check.

But no, the security didn't care that I had TSA pre check.

So I had to take all of my electronics.

I had to take my shoes off.

I had to like pull my liquids out, but they didn't tell me to pull my liquids out.

And so I got pulled to the side.

And I'm just like, why is this a thing?

Why can I not have TSA pre check in this tiny little like fake security thing?

It was so frustrating.

I was already exhausted, of course, and had had to fight to get to my luggage because everyone sat around with their freaking luggage carts at the carousel for the it was it was frustrating.

But moving on.

How about some connection checks?

Oh, that's that.

OK.

Wow.

How'd you do, Jay?

My connection was the live stream twice in the last span.

Kathy, I streamed thrice.

Whoa.

Yeah, I think it was thrice.

I'm checking.

I'm checking my YouTube channel.

I'm pretty sure I thank you to the 12 subscribers in the last month.

You all are fantastic.

But yeah, I I live stream setting up my desk.

Which, Kathy, I have a question to ask you about that later, because you were missing parts to your uplift desk.

I was missing screws.

I wasn't missing parts.

They just didn't work.

Oh, it wasn't level.

I was just missing straight up screws like.

Nice.

Yeah.

So luckily, I just I was like, yeah, you can never have enough screws around.

So I bought those.

So, yeah.

So I streamed four times then because I streamed doing the desk build, which was really fun.

And thank you to everyone that hung out with me.

I think Pilex was in the chat for that one.

And then I streamed three times on the project that I was working on.

And each of my streams were except for one was over two hours.

Wow.

I was like, yeah, I can't I can't set that expectation.

For the future.

But I do plan on doing more streaming things.

Amazing.

So I gave myself an orange circle.

My connection was to Journal Daily, even in Taiwan, and I did not.

I did fairly well.

I did, I would say, I think.

Four days a week, I even got this really great little notebook.

It's very small and for daily journaling and it has space for the date at the top.

But the best part is because it's small.

It means I don't feel obligated to write too much.

So and then because it's undated is a like it's a way to kind of I'm not going to like waste any pages.

And yeah, Laura says daily is a hard ask.

And you're right.

I am silly for saying daily as my connection, because that is not what I should have done.

But it's OK, because that's what I did.

And, you know, we're working we're working through it.

How did our conductors do?

Well, I am glad you asked as I go back to our sheet.

Our artists of the show, Carly said, connection check red box.

Not the place for you to do video things.

I spacing completely forgot about my connection.

That's OK, because I did, too.

But I did it and I was like, oh, I forgot what it was.

But these things, they happen.

I understand.

Our pathologist of the show, Laura says connection check green heart.

I think my connection was to catch up on work stuff and make time to work on some longer term projects.

I'd say I did pretty well at this, dug my way out from under case mountain cases that had piled up for me to look at and got a lot of lecture work done, as well as some slide reviews and validations.

Excellent job, Laura.

So proud.

And then our robotics engineer, the show, Aidan says yellow heart.

I think I have the plan for my portfolio sorted out, but I haven't finished it yet.

That's OK.

Progress.

Progress is great.

Our soprano of the show, Devo says connection check yellow heart.

I didn't cut out any pieces for the quilt as I had hoped, but I decided on all the fabrics and ordered the last few supplies I needed.

And then our tech podcast listener of the show, Pillock says green square or not green square.

I'm colorblind.

Yellow square.

Didn't get time to learn.

So if you I'm not colorblind, I just can't look at pictures correctly.

But had a great time listening to Dub Dub on Monday.

I have kept applying for jobs, had an interview, but they didn't take me because of a lack of experience.

Yeah, I know that struggle.

Did keep thinking about the granddad project.

Might change what I'm doing for the front end.

Yeah, I'm excited to see how that progresses.

Our fish bear of the show, Fishy Kai says green tree green because get kids prepared for and send them to summer programs is totally a home improvement project.

Right.

Absolutely.

It's improving the home life and way that you live.

Our mountain dweller.

Wait, let's keep like five.

Wow.

I was really excited to read.

I'm sorry.

Work started working.

And I was like, yeah, go go away.

Go away.

Do the other things.

Oh, geez.

Sorry about that, Fishy Kai.

Our Oracle of the show said red apple.

I did not find my passport stuff.

I've got loads of other things done.

Just not that.

I'm trying again next time.

Hey, sometimes you had a hard stop.

What do you do?

Stop and then go.

Our tire advocate of the show, Chinta says connection check green circle sewing project is done.

I'm pleased with how it came out and it's ready in plenty of time for the end of July.

I was so excited to see this.

So excited.

Our checklist enthusiasts of the show.

Mike says red X start setting up website and other infrastructure for the new project.

Didn't get a chance to set up the website, but did do some other groundwork.

Sounds like a yellow to me.

I mean, I won't go say that, but who knows?

All right.

Our mountain dweller of the show.

Hello, gay.

Okay.

Green.

I'm mad you're doing this.

I know.

I counted and I was like, yeah.

Got some stuff set up and then getting passing scores on my practice test.

I'll probably do the real one this week.

Heck yeah, you will.

You can do it.

The identical twin of the show who apparently is mad at me for not going to Toronto.

All right.

Good for going to Toronto.

Not saying hi.

Hi.

Um, Aaron says green circle.

I still have some technical debt that's in flight, but got all the major changes we needed done.

Said debt is also pending as my contract there.

That has my contact there who reviews my changes is on vacation.

Gotcha.

Our name list of the show.

Name list says connection check yellow circle.

I ordered the garden wire, but it was all, it was too hot.

All conduit to actually install it.

I am going to do it this conduit as there are cloudy days coming.

Hooray for cloudy weather.

Then our code monkey of the show.

Douglas says connection check green check.

Despite some insane work stuff going on, I've been able to stay grounded with mostly daily journaling and weekly reviews while traveling.

All right.

This episode of conduit is brought to you by micro dot blog.

Blogging is still the easiest way to share stuff on the web and micro dot blog is the easiest way to blog.

Personal blogging is making a comeback thanks to all the disruption in social media.

So if you have always wanted to build your own place on the internet to keep and share the stuff you love, micro dot blog is for you.

Micro dot blog is the blog you will actually use because we've made it so easy to write short or long blog posts, share photos, keep a log of the books you read and even create your own podcast, but more than a place to post your stuff.

It's also a friendly community of people with a wide range of interests who share and comment via micro dot blogs, social timeline, which is managed by humans, not bots.

It's a social network you can feel good about.

And because micro dot blog is open, you can use your own domain name, cross post to Twitter, Tumblr, and Mastodon.

You can also follow and be followed by Mastodon users directly with conversations threading across both micro dot blog and Mastodon.

And finally, you can share your RSS feed so anyone can follow you.

Micro dot blog hosting starts at $5 a month.

Just head over to micro dot blog and sign up for a 30 day free trial.

Use the coupon code relay and you'll get a special deal with your standard subscription.

You'll get a premium account at no extra charge.

That's $5 a month that includes all our premium features, including podcast hosting.

That's a savings of 50%.

Micro dot blog and code relay are thanks to micro dot blog for their support of the show and all of relay FM.

Thanks.

All right.

Now, what is our topic here, Jay?

Well, you see, it's been tough.

It's been very, very tough.

We've had a lot of things happening just around us recently.

And to be honest, it feels like things are either slowing down or speeding up.

Maybe they're slowing down for one and speeding up for the other.

But I'm excited to hear from my friend Kathy, who has been moving at the speed of light recently about what's coming up in the future.

Kathy, are you slowing down anytime soon?

OK, so this is the hard part right now because I am kind of in a a treading water phase with the potential of things speeding up extremely fast at some point, possibly in the future, which is really difficult because it's it's hard to to plan for that.

I I'm pre exhausted, shall we say, but there's things that are it's all potential happenings.

It may or may not happen.

And that's the part that's like really.

Not scary, but makes it really difficult to kind of plan, not counting the fact that.

You know, I leave for London in.

Hold on, let me look at my my count down. 36 days.

Nope, that's my other flight because, oh, by the way, I am visiting I have a for my nonprofit convention.

I leave the weekend before I head to London and I come back two days before.

So 42 days till I leave for London, which is is very soon.

And I'm already tired, but you know what?

It's going to be great.

It's going to be great.

Going to be great.

So one of the things that we wanted to try and figure out on this is how do we how do we stabilize for the future?

And I think that that is been the challenge of, you know, we look at some of these things, a lot of it is in the realm of if I'm trying to get things together, I have to consider what's happening now, what I'm supposed to be doing.

So like what I'm doing, what I'm supposed to be doing, and then what's coming up.

And Kathy, you're the only person I know that lives a life more complicated than mine.

So it feels like are you able to handle the what you're supposed to be doing and what you're actually doing?

Like is that is that coming into more of a one to one?

Yeah, it's it's difficult because this is a moment of slow time.

I say as I just got back from Taipei a couple days ago.

But the month of June is dance hasn't started yet.

So I don't have a ton of like I have more availability my evenings, which is rare.

So I have those kind of pauses, those moments to kind of breathe, shall we say.

But I am also trying to utilize them the best to get this foundation in play for when things start ramping up again.

I am planning on read like doing my bedroom.

I need to get rid of a bunch of stuff, get rid of a bunch of clothes.

I need to rearrange it so that Mr.

Soup can access clothes easier instead of me having to grab them.

It's something that's been on my list to do forever and I just haven't ever done it.

But it will make things easier in the long run, as well as giving me kind of give me back that here is my sanctuary at home by having a cleaner, more organized bedroom, which is a goal to allow me to kind of find those moments to rest.

And yeah, it's it's rough because again, like I said, I'm in this kind of treading water standpoint in part of my life.

But also it's super busy because, you know, we're starting podcast with on planning.

I've got my first meeting in a couple of weeks for that we're going through.

And, you know, the July trip, all of all of these things are happening, still happening.

And yet my brain is like, oh, you've got nothing going on because it's slower than it normally is.

And this is kind of the trauma talking because I'm so used to being so busy all the time that when I am not busy, I have a harder time actually acknowledging the rest.

So, yeah, it's a lot of it's a lot.

I'm glad that you brought that up.

The the idea of not like said, not setting the standard of I have to always be busy like this.

I think again, I keep I keep talking about our conductors because our conductors are some of the brightest people in the world.

So smart.

They really are.

I want to say it was Laura that was talking about this of like I went to take a vacation and it took me like there is there's like the vacation and then the vacation from the vacation.

There's there's the I have to trick my brain into being in the space of doing nothing in this moment is OK or not doing as much as you were doing before is OK.

And I think that that's that is a scary sentiment, especially like I don't know.

I mean, Kathy, you're your own boss, which I don't know how that plays into the like you get you don't get laid off.

You get fired.

You get you get we've decided we're no longer like working together on this project, which is probably more stressful than than a like a layoff comes with the severance in some cases or, you know, insurance things and stuff.

Yours is kind of abrupt.

So I can imagine how the I mean, although it's there's something to be said of the fact that you know, when stuff is going to happen, like, you know, if a situation isn't working out, my my unfortunate brain always thinks it's always happening, even for like relay.

And I've been working with them for how long now?

But it's like it's always like, oh, my gosh, I've totally messed up.

I'm a terrible person.

I'm getting fired type of a thing, even though I know that's not happening.

But, you know, brains are brains are dumb.

Yeah.

And I think that's that's fair, because I'm the same way when it comes to things like this show.

Like there is a there's like a world where a few things can happen.

And one of these things has happened previously in the podcasting space, which is like, our advertisers could be like, we're not happy with the results that we're getting from the show, which I would say, by the way, our advertisers say the exact opposite.

So keep doing what you're doing.

Click the links.

They love us.

We very appreciate like we we are we are pulling sponsors that normally would go for shows two or three times our size.

So keep doing the good work out there.

The other side of that is, you know, they could just say it's the industry as a whole is not getting into sponsorships anymore.

And then all of a sudden now the show gets deprioritized.

We lose our sponsors.

And then I'm not saying that it prevents us from doing the show.

It makes the show a lot harder, especially when, like, I don't I haven't talked to Kathy about this, but we replaced our floors and now our refrigerator is leaking on the new floors again.

No.

Yes.

So we have a new refrigerator coming this weekend.

That we had to pay for because our home warranty decided that they were not going to pay for it.

So again, are they going to fix your floors again?

No.

Luckily, the floors because the problem with the old floors was that it was leaking for a year and no one noticed.

So it was like a year worth of damage.

This time around, we got we didn't even get real hardwood because I was like, I'm not falling for that again.

I've got a kid.

We'll get real hardwood when there's no pets or children to mess things up.

I can walk around the house in socks.

So we got LPV or the luxury vinyl stuff that looks like floors like fake, fake hardwood floors.

And those are waterproof.

So nice.

That's fine.

This is more of just like, hey, I don't want there to be water laying on the kitchen floor for any amount of time, let alone.

Yeah.

You know, for a time when we don't expect it to be there.

So having to do that on top of that, when they did the the manufacturer's warranty is oh, no, it's not the new fridge.

This is still the old fridge.

We were getting a new fridge because the old fridge, which we thought was fixed finally, is not fixed finally.

So we're just done.

We're done with it.

We've spent enough money to buy half of our refrigerator.

So now we're just going to buy the whole fridge.

But when they were repairing our countertops, they also when they were repairing the area that our stove was sitting in, they broke the countertop.

So now we have to get new countertops.

Luckily, they're paying for all of that.

Yeah, I was like, they're paying for that, right?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

That's all that's all through the insurance stuff.

Like we didn't have to do anything on that.

But that means that's just going to be more time.

And they're like, well, if you're doing this, if you're going to because we've been talking about replacing our stove, we're like, do it now.

Replace the stove now because we're going to have to cut the countertop.

So you want it to fit.

Exactly.

So let's get the stove that you want so that we can cut it for whatever the new stove is.

And then also they'll do the installation and all that stuff for us as well.

And that that's all covered.

But in all of that, it's like I can't get back to feeling like I'm in my space because every five seconds something is broken or something needs to be replaced or something needs to be swapped out or someone needs to come in and spend three days.

And then I don't have a stove.

So then I'm cooking food on a hot plate.

Like I, I fully get that.

But on top of that, I still have meetings.

I saw people asking me for things.

I have a nonprofit.

I have conferences.

I have all these things.

And what it came down to for me eventually was telling my boss I need my productivity to be lower.

For the next month.

Like, ultimately you have two choices.

Either my productivity can be low or my productivity can be zero because I'm going to have a breakdown and quit.

Oh my gosh.

Which is not helpful.

Exactly.

So I can I can definitely I can definitely see where like you having to recalibrate to go like, hey, what I'm doing right now is doing enough.

Yeah, that it's so it's difficult to remind yourself that, hey, this is okay to have a weird time of day to a weird period of your life.

It's okay to take moments and be stressed and realize that, yeah, this is not ideal, but it's okay to have a not ideal situation going on.

It's difficult and rough, but, you know, it's it's how life is, you know, it's it's floating around all the time.

I feel like the way of saying it's okay to be not ideal when things aren't ideal.

Yeah.

Yeah.

And acknowledging that and living with it sucks, but can be helpful.

Yeah.

Well, and I mean, there is there's a world where life is perfect and happy and everybody is great and nobody's miserable.

It's not this planet.

It's not this world.

This world will never be that often our own comfort comes at the discomfort of someone else.

Again, we got we got the jobs and roles that we got over someone else, and hopefully they got the job that they got over someone else.

Hopefully got the job that they got over someone else.

Like there's always going to be a little bit of unfairness.

We see it a lot in our connections of people who, again, amazingly talented, extremely bright people who are doing so many fantastic things.

And I'm so excited for them and their careers and all their space.

But I'm seeing people who are equally as talented, equally as bright, also struggling to to do the thing.

And the world around us doesn't take that into account in our interactions with them.

Like Kathy, Kathy loves picking on me because I'm soulless.

But I do not ginger.

I didn't say it this time.

It wasn't me.

I try my best to not go full Dolly Parton and talk about like there's a little bit of good in everybody.

I think there are some people who are just not good.

I think they got to that point through a lot of bad things happening.

But I do try to see the world with empathy, tinted glasses and go like, what did it take for that person to get to this situation?

Maybe not where they are in life, but maybe how they're reacting in a certain to a certain situation.

Like what?

Why is that person yelling at me when there's literally nothing that I could do?

You know, why is this person giving me a gift on the plane when I really just want them to get out of the way so I can finish cleaning?

You know, like any any of any position that someone's in, like even if I'm not actively engaging them on it, like just trying to think about like, hey, if I clean up my space around me to make that person's life a little bit easier, that might, they're cleaning up a bunch of junk and then all of a sudden this one little piece is like, oh, well, this at least this one person was nice.

Now that's all the other jerks out there.

But, you know, all of this is all of this is in the and I'm not not telling Kathy this as if she needs to learn it or anything.

All of this is is to say the amount of empathy that I hope I can give other people.

I sure as heck like don't give it to myself.

Yes.

Yeah, that's something I know I have a harder time with that I'm actively working on is talking to myself like I talk to my friends.

Knowing that if I'm talking to one of our conductors and they're having a hard time, they're having a hard day, they're any of these, you know, they're feeling like they're not worthy or worth it or any of this.

And this actually it fits perfect because I had I had a very, very bad couple of days a couple weeks ago where I felt like the biggest failure in every part of my life.

Like I felt like nobody was my friend, like really friend, like I wasn't worth being friends with.

It was just it was a bad, bad brain be time of day and I had to reach out.

But I thankfully I was smart enough, strong enough to reach out and say, hey, I could use some help and reassurance and like support in a way that I will absolutely drop anything.

For anyone else and know that it will be returned to me.

And I very thankfully friends came in and and, you know, hold it all together and gave me so much love and support.

But yeah, it's it's rough when you hit this this brain situation where you're like, oh, my goodness, what is even happening right now?

And you don't know how to deal with it.

And that's why friends.

Friends are are important and and being able to recognize and acknowledge when you need help.

And let people tell you the truth, which is that you're an amazing person and you're worthwhile.

And I'm so happy that you're here.

Wow.

This episode is brought to you by Computex.

It's one of the largest AIO T.

That's artificial intelligence of things and start up shows.

It's been happening in Taipei from June 4th through 7th.

Hey, that's already happened.

Well, we need to we need to change some of the tense in this.

OK.

And I will do my best.

So whether you're a seasoned industry professional or a passionate entrepreneur, Computex had something for every had something for everyone.

I actually watched some videos from Computex, too.

And I was like, I wonder if I see Kathy in the background.

Kathy, you were at Computex.

How did that go?

I was.

I was.

It was absolutely incredible.

The the keynote with AMD.

Let me just tell you, I am a huge fan girl of Dr.

Lisa Sue, who is the CEO of AMD and did the opening like welcome keynote.

And she absolutely destroyed the leadership, like rolling the ownership of this keynote.

It was incredible to see a woman in charge and kind of basically managing the the entire stage.

And it was really fun to to to you know, they're talking everyone was talking about A.I. and how it was working in a variety of their different things, different.

I listened to literally anyone else for the actual details of like numbers and super fast and zoom zoom and all and all of that.

You know, the tech stuff of things.

I really appreciated how honest and like self-aware every company that stood up on the stage and talked about specifically A.I. talking about the ethical and environmental bits of things, making sure that they're aware most of the stuff is done on computer and is local and is not going to be run through random servers to build things.

I listen, I am not a tech journalist.

I don't know how this all works coming from a non tech journalist.

This was really a really incredible.

Experience to be able to ask the questions that I needed to ask that I wanted to ask and listen to the people talking about it and how frickin smart they are.

And that was just really great.

It was so it was so much fun, so much fun.

Taiwan is a country with a robust A.I. ecosystem, and Computex is the premier event to showcase A.I. empowerment.

This message has been validated by my first hand experience.

I like it.

Hopefully next year, maybe it'll be my turn.

We'll see.

But if it's anything like Computex 2024, there was cutting edge technology from computing advanced connectivity and future mobility, robots and stuff.

You can explore the latest trends and innovations that were shaping the future of tech.

The network and industry leaders at Innovex.

You've missed your chance to skyrocket your startup with Innovex, Computex's international startup hub.

I like those types of events because you get people who are like.

The truth there, there are some folks who are like my my company is building the future generation of paperweights.

And then there are some people who are like this new generation who are really trying to change how things are are happening.

And those are the types of folks that you can see, I hope at Innovex.

I'll talk about this real quick.

There was an Innovex, one of the Innovex companies that we talked to is called Tilt Five and they do tabletop augmented reality.

And the video, the augmented reality glasses were really like super comfortable, which if you've done any sort of augmented reality, this is a big deal.

It wasn't super heavy.

The mat, like the table was just like a mat that you rolled out and then it interacted and worked just like right there.

It was I think it they said it was the number one Kickstarter for AR in history.

And it's really, really great, especially for someone that needs to like in a way to get AR with people that don't know what AR is.

They talked about when they were designing the controller to make it like a Wii, which was the number one game controller for anybody to be able to use.

You pick it up and you kind of know how to do it.

And that was kind of their goal, not to make it like super complex or like, let's make this the most innovative ever.

Instead, it was like, let's make this for everybody.

And I just loved their passion about it.

And there were so many people that were so passionate about everything that they were talking about that even if it wasn't for me specifically, it was really cool.

Yeah.

And there are other passionate thought leaders and keynote speech speeches from again, AMD, Intel, Qualcomm, MediaTek, Supermicro, NXP and Delta, as well as workshops that were led by industry experts like those are the things that Kathy says that I do that she never watches, gaining valuable knowledge and insights.

So if you want to level up for next year, next year, it's already been announced.

They will be again in Taipei on May 20th, 2025.

So you can get ready for the next Computex happening next year in May by going to computex.taipay.com.tw/conduit.

I don't think you could register yet, but at least have that bookmarked so you can keep an eye out for the next incredible opportunity to be at the forefront of one of the world's largest AIoT and startup shows.

Our thanks to Computex for sponsoring this show and all of Relay FM.

Thanks so much for an incredible experience.

OK, so we kind of did our top begins together instead of splitting it.

Oh, no, I've got plenty of future.

OK, good.

Excellent.

Tell me, tell me it's your turn.

I was confused because.

Yeah, clearly it's a longer episode, so hold on to your butts.

So, yeah, my I talked a little bit about some of just the added stressors that I have, but the as I as I told my boss, I am preparing for a productivity slowdown and this is going to be required.

Like I've spent the last month I've spent the last like year.

I was I was asked to give a keynote at PyCon US, which is like the premier conference.

It's the Computex of the Python community.

That's the best way to put it.

Like, I mean, we had people from Nvidia, people from other, you know, amazing companies and stuff that are all using Python, which is the program branding language that I use personally.

And I was asked to not only give a keynote at this event, but to be the opening keynote for this event to share some of my experiences as a nonprofit founder and, you know, around the community that I started with Black Python devs.

And when I say that the amount of mental and emotional energy that that took, like I'm still recovering from that.

Like, I think that that's a thing that we we don't think about is the like I did a thing that was really, really hard and there's a rush of of dopamine that happens when that's done.

But then there's like that other rush of I forgot what it's called, but the stuff that just makes you feel completely drained and like like almost lethargic.

And normally I need time to recover from that.

However, I left Pittsburgh where that event was happening, feeling like a dang rock star because this thing happened where I love telling people hi and like introducing myself.

And I'm like, hi, I'm Jay.

It's nice to meet you.

And they go, oh, I know who you are because you were the person on stage.

And like I had to tell people, just pretend that you don't because I needed that recharge to get me through the event because I left Pittsburgh and went straight to Toronto to do an event where no one knew me and I was hosting the event.

So like I was the main person, the main emcee on stage and it was like all of the all of the energy being poured out of me immediately going back and having to flip the switch, run on reserves and like make it happen.

And then to come back and basically like, hey, welcome back.

You have a talk that you have to give in two weeks at an event that is going to be full of nothing but tech influencers.

And like normally the amount of time I would have to prepare is months.

So like, hey, you know, take your time.

You can do the other other work and stuff.

Just know that like all of the energy, all the time that you normally had had to go to this other important thing and now you don't have it.

Also, also, we've had to deal with people at work who have left the company and kind of the aftershocks of that on top of, hey, work still happens.

So there's still company things that are happening.

And Jay, you've been putting a lot of time and energy into these other things.

We really need you to come in and do these other tasks that are more aligned with what your regular job is.

And it's been, you know, we were joking about the idea of stabilization and it's been like driving at 120 miles an hour for way too long and still feeling like there's a curve about to come that I just can't handle.

And like I am doing everything in my power to force a slowdown, to force the slowing down of things again on top of all the floor stuff, on top of the counter stuff, like all that stuff happening.

And we talked about it a little bit in the systems check.

I do have my second notebook, like on above the first notebooks.

And now there's two notebooks on the desk.

Again, I feel like there's a better solution than this, but we'll figure it out in time.

But the situation has ultimately been me going to my boss and going, I need two weeks to just work on a project uninterrupted.

And luckily my boss is like, you know, when I got hired, the thing I, he was like, what's going to be the thing that helps me work with you best?

And I said, you've just got to let me cook.

Like, I know what I need.

I know what I need to do my job.

And I know what I need to do my job at the highest level.

I'm just going to need you to sometimes I'm going to ask for some buck wild stuff.

I just need you to let me cook.

Like if you legitimately can't do it, I understand.

But like, if you can let me cook, it's going to work out.

It's going to happen.

It's going to be great.

It's going to be fantastic.

So when I, when I went to him, I was like, Hey, I need two weeks to just work on this thing uninterrupted.

And he was like, okay.

And I was like, yes, I know I've got like a talk coming up.

I have a talk in two days.

So like, I'm like, ah, got to figure all that out.

But I'm working on this project.

I'm live streaming working on this project.

I'm doing all this stuff.

When I tell you that my entire team, they, they like saw what I was working on and they were just like, oh, wow.

Like, holy crap.

That was, that's ridiculously awesome.

And I was like, this is what happens when we cook.

Like this is what happens when there's like time down to just do the thing.

And out of it, they were like, well, like, okay, it's cool.

But like, what are we getting out of this?

And I was like, oh, I'm glad you asked.

Here's a, here's a list of blog posts and videos and workshops that I can do off of the content that's already been created.

So like now there are tasks on tasks on tasks that I've now given myself that allows me to take what's been done, take the work that's been done.

And iterate off of it.

Oh, this new tech, this new feature came out.

Cool.

Let's implement it in this already.

So we don't have to do the base work.

We've already got the foundation already laid.

We just got to do the added bit.

Oh, we want to showcase a feature that we can leverage in our tech stack.

Cool.

Let's enable that feature on this project and see what happens.

Like the ability to, to just sit down for two weeks, have that slow down and go, okay, did the thing.

And now party time.

Let's make it happen.

Let's, let's, let's go do it.

And the two weeks is up.

And now I'm going to the conference tomorrow and I'm speaking at the conference on Thursday and then I'm skipping the conference on Friday because I have to be here when they install the refrigerator.

Cause that is my life now.

Like the ability to now go back into 120 miles an hour again, but to, to have better tires, I guess.

Like I'm still, I'm still moving way too fast, but it's better that at least now there's something loaded that I can go, okay, cool.

I took this time.

I learned some things.

Now when anyone asks me to do something, I can, I can just point to that thing and then say, okay, most of the work has been done.

Now we can do the easier part.

Now we can, we can go in and make it happen.

So a lot like you, Kathy, I don't think things are slowing down.

Well, I know things aren't slowing down.

I'm going to four events at the beginning of July, then I'm back home for a week and then I'm going to the Relay Live show.

And then we get back in it's August and my kids start school.

So.

Yeah, I'm, I'm a little nervous because I'm taking two and a half weeks for London.

I'm nervous based on like where I'm treading water now.

I think that's my biggest concern is the fact that I don't know when I'm going to stop treading water.

So I don't know how much work I'm going to be doing while I'm on quote unquote vacation and how that is all going to work.

And that is, that's I think the part that is really stressing me out because I don't know what it's going to do.

I don't know what's going to happen.

So, yeah.

Super fun.

Super fun.

But at least we know that we're, we're going to be here.

And I mean, one of the things that I love about this show is that it is, it is a break in the chaos.

Yes.

Except for when apparently I'm absolutely needed for, hey, what was that link where that one thing happened with that?

And I'm like, are you serious right now?

But usually it is a break in the chaos and I'm able to put a lot of time and energy into helping people.

And I mean, I don't know if people notice the trend for both Kathy and I, but we like helping people.

What?

What?

Get out of here.

No way.

I'm a jerk.

So the least I can do is make other people's lives slightly more convenient.

It's true.

It's true.

That wasn't the response that I was expecting.

No, of course not.

Why would you think such a thing?

That's not true.

No, I can't even.

But I think that's why we get along so well too, with the exceptions of the terrible takes that you have for some things, but, you know, coming in and just giving back, helping, supporting all of that is kind of where we're at, which means we have to remind each other to take breaks as well.

Yeah.

We can take breaks and we can use those opportunities to be as helpful as our bodies will allow us to be helpful.

Because I think that conduit is a wonderful baseline of helping people in that, like, sometimes our help is reading your connection and going, "Hey, I did something like that too.

Maybe look into this thing."

Sometimes it's just reading your connection and being like, "Oof, I get it," and commiserating with that person.

And then sometimes we don't have enough energy and we just read the connection and that is it.

But at least that allows your voice to be heard and that allows other people to do that stuff as well.

That allows for people, when we read it and people live are like, "Oh, hey, I did that the other week."

Like, I love that.

That's like my favorite response is when someone else hears someone's connection and goes, "That's cool.

I just got through doing that.

You should check this resource out."

I'm like, "Yay!"

Yeah, that's absolutely my favorite.

Yeah.

But in spite of all the chaos, we're going to be here doing that.

And some days we might only be reading the connections and letting our conductors do the heavy lifting, but I tell you, I look forward to these little breaks, these little two-hour breaks in the middle of my day.

Yeah, I agree 100 percent.

Even if I'm like, and today's a good example, because I had the meeting beforehand, I was stressed and I was just like, "Oh, I don't want to do it."

Not that I don't want to do conduit, but I don't want to record, I don't want to do all of the setup.

But then as soon as we got the tech stuff figured out, I'm like, "Oh, yeah, no, I'm good.

I'm good.

This is great.

Let's do this."

Yeah.

There's something to say about not wanting to do the thing and then immediately be like, "This is why I do the thing."

Yeah.

It's like taxes.

No one wants to do them, but occasionally you get a nice check at the end.

What's that like?

I'm so afraid.

It's just fear.

It's fear that you've done something wrong and they're coming for you.

But what I'm not afraid of is our next sponsor, because this episode of Conduit is brought to you by Ecamm.

Ecamm Live is a leading video production and live streaming studio built for the Mac.

Ecamm does all aspects of video, not just live streaming.

It's perfect for simplifying your workflow.

It's easy enough to get started quickly, but powerful enough that you can create just about anything with video.

You can do it all with the Ecamm app.

As I mentioned before, Ecamm just came out with a new release that allows you to leverage the power of Ecamm inside of Zoom.

So that means you can do...

Oh, never mind.

I was going to load it up, but then it was like, "You need to update."

And I was like, "Nope."

Not right now.

But I am a big fan of using Ecamm and I'm looking forward to using it more and more even now with Zoom, where if I want to showcase something...

I don't know if people have tried sharing the screen before.

It's not great.

You share your screen and then all of a sudden you're like, "Oh, now I got to change screens."

And you got to unshare and click on the new thing and share and that doesn't work.

So then you're like, "Oh, I don't know what's going on anymore."

Ecamm makes it simple.

Like everything is just a dropdown.

You want to go from screen one to screen two?

Dropdown.

Screen two to screen three?

Dropdown.

Oh, you want to load this application window in?

Drag it into the Ecamm window and it's there.

Oh, you want to change your camera?

Dropdown.

Oh, you want to add some text?

Dropdown.

Oh, you're live streaming and you want the chat message that's in the second window next to you?

You click the button, add to stream and it's done.

It's all set up.

It takes the best parts of like streaming software and video software and it puts it into one nice package.

So whether you're streaming, recording, podcasting or presenting, everything's there for you in Ecamm, including support for multiple cameras, screen sharing, live camera switcher.

It lets you direct the show in real time.

Stand out from the crowd with high quality video, bring logos, titles, lower thirds, graphics.

If you're a streamer, you know what all that means.

You can share your screen and drop in video clips and you can even bring on interview guests or use a green screen.

Ecamm does all that and so much more.

And super exciting news.

Oh, yeah, I already talked about it.

Ecamm for Zoom is available.

So you could do all of those things with Zoom.

Did not read this beforehand.

And you can add up to eight Zoom participants as camera sources in your broadcast.

So you can even do it the other way around.

So if Kathy and I wanted to do Conduit live, we could set it all up through Zoom and that Ecamm be the thing that makes it happen and stream live.

Kathy doesn't have to do anything on her end and all I have to do is push the button and spend the next five hours convincing Kathy to turn her camera on.

So plus you can create individual participant audio and video recordings.

Oh, that's actually OK.

And Zoom chat messages to your broadcast.

So if you want to share something, you don't have to figure out what window to put it in.

You just put it straight into Zoom and from there you can share it out onto your stream.

Ecamm's members are entrepreneurs, marketing professionals, podcasters, educators, musicians, church leaders, bloggers and content creators and the occasional Conduit host.

Get one month free today at Ecamm.com/zoom and use the code "conduit".

That's one month free of Ecamm live at Ecamm.com/zoom and use the code "conduit".

Go there now and check it out.

Our thanks to Ecamm for their support of this show and Relay FM.

Thanks so much.

We love Ecamm over here.

I am an Ecamm fan.

Fan, fan, fan.

All right.

So, Jay, what is your connection for the next fortnight?

Um, I don't know.

I have a blog post that I need to write and no one's going to make me write this blog post.

Well, we are.

Write that blog post.

I have to write the State of the Black Python Devs blog post because I should have done it a month ago and or a month removed.

And there's a lot of stuff happening, but this is going to require me to take some survey information, compile it, analyze it, look at it, review it, buy it, fix it, break it, all that, that whole thing.

Bop it, twist it.

I forgot.

I forgot how the song actually went.

And then, yeah, take all of that plus take all of our future plans and put them in concrete by announcing them on the Internet where no one will let you ever forget that you announced that thing.

So, yeah, that's that's going to be my connection.

On top of all the other stuff that I'm doing, the most important thing to me personally is taking a nap and then writing that blog post.

Nap.

Good call.

Good call.

What about you, Kathy?

Oh, yawning, yawning.

I am going to move the dresser.

Nope, nope.

Actually, more importantly, the dresser will stay.

I am going to install the air conditioners because it needs to happen and I keep forgetting because it's so hot in the afternoon, but I need to do it during the day like earlier when it's not a million degrees.

And if I state it this way, I will actually do it instead of be sad that it's hot.

That doesn't.

Yeah, that doesn't sound fun.

Probably do that.

Yeah, I should.

These days I will contact an HVAC person and find out what it costs to actually install.

But now is not the time when they're super busy and I don't have the money.

So now is really not the time because getting a quote doesn't mean anything.

Yeah, I can.

I'm not a fan of getting quotes.

Yeah, it's dangerous.

It's dangerous.

But you know what I am a fan of?

Our conductors, I hope.

Heck yeah.

Our artist of the show, Carly says new connection.

We're going to try it again.

Reach out to the people to grab coffee with coffee, coffee, coffee with coffee.

Our pathologist of the show, Laura says new connection, teach stuff and don't hurry.

I have a few lecture type things to give next week.

Additionally, I want to try to keep my mantra of don't rush me talking to both other people and to myself and pace myself throughout the day more.

Oh, my goodness.

Yeah, this is I feel this deeply, very, very deeply.

But our robots engineer can't words right now.

Robotics engineer of the show, Aidan says, gather the pictures of my projects to put in my portfolio.

Yes.

Yes.

Keep working on it.

Yes.

Keep working on do it.

Soprano of the show, next connection, plan a choir party.

That sounds like so much fun.

Our tech podcast listener of the show, Pilex says new connection.

Do I have to do it?

Yes.

Keep applying for jobs.

Okay, there, I did it.

And I did clap in between.

I didn't want to clap too loud because peaking.

Need to look into fast UI.

You're welcome.

I nerd sniped him in a stream.

And figure out a Swift UI is a thing.

I mean, yes.

Oh, I need to keep learning with my workload.

Figure out a Swift UI is a thing.

Apple said, yeah.

Our fish bear of the show, fishy guy, new connection, prepare the way for the home improvement projects I was thinking of last time.

I love that you're preparing the way as your connection.

That's a great like base mode.

Love that.

Our article of the show, Soph says find those passport documents.

Yeah, yeah.

It'll happen, Soph.

We'll make it happen.

Thanks for it.

Good plan.

Our checklist enthusiast of the show, Mike says actually set up a WordPress site and other systems for the new website.

Oh, oh, yeah.

Love that.

Love the smell of a new WordPress site in the morning.

Make sure all those plugins are updated.

Indeed, indeed.

Our mountain dweller of the show, Logang says next connection.

Now for something I've been procrastinating, getting a suit for the weddings in July.

Yeah.

If you want time to have it tailored, definitely should get it done.

Our identical twin of the show, Erin says, nail down what I want to do in London outside of seeing wonderful fellow discord members.

I mean, I love how you were complaining about me not saying hi in Toronto when you're going to be in London, when you can say hi to me in London.

Just wants to say hi to you a couple times.

Yeah, July 10th, July 10th.

I'm hanging out in, I think we're hanging out in Mississauga for like the day on the 10th because that's where the airport is.

So if you're in Mississauga, come say hi.

Nameless of the show, Nameless says new connection.

Go have a coffee with my brother.

I haven't had too much sibling time with him since we both moved out of our parents.

I love that.

I think that's fantastic.

I like it.

And our code monkey of the show, Douglas says, get myself back to normal after said insanity.

I am.

I'm sorry.

Well, hopefully this has been a good episode to help steer you in that direction.

Yes.

And be kind to yourself.

If you would like to submit a connection, you can do so in the relay discord in the hashtag show follow up channel by starting your message with the conduit emoji and putting your connection after.

Or you can also submit it via feedback by clicking on the link in the show notes or using the submit feedback button at relay.fm/conduit.

Visit I am a superconductor.com to become a member today to get access to pre and post show banter, an ad free episode and a coworking session in the off weeks with myself and Jay.

And lastly, check out you can wear it dot com for some great conduit merch, including some mugs, drinkware, all sorts of goodies.

Thank you to Microdot blog, Ecamm and Computex for sponsoring this week's episode.

Hey, Jay, did we do it?

Actually, no, I dropped a ball on that weeks ago.

Don't worry.

We can do it later.

Fantastic.