---
description: "The HOA is useful in this case! Jay let the pressure of fines to force them to prioritize specific yard projects.\n\nThis episode is all about how our hosts best bundle and handle daunting tasks."
pub_date: June 28th, 2024
title: '78: Big Bundles of Identical Tasks'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/78
---

[MUSIC PLAYING] From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we condo our own thing with our own productivity systems.

[MUSIC PLAYING] Welcome to Conduit, the show that lives one quarter mile at a time.

This episode is brought to you by Ecamm and just Ecamm, no other ones.

With who you're hearing right now are the sweet sultry tones of me.

I'm Jay.

And who you will soon hear are the ever melodic calm, cool, and collected, the captivating Kathy Campbell.

Hello.

Wow.

That's a heck of an entrance.

That's the mood we're in today is doing these kinds of fun Japes.

Also, because we are recording live with our amazing Discord friends.

And what happened this week in the Discord?

Lots of good, good conversations.

So many-- if you like Japes, have I got a treat for you.

So many Japes that happened out of the middle of nowhere.

We had a lot of conversations about home screens, including with the beta version and the non-beta version.

At some point, someone shared a truly cursed version that had the phone app filling the screen and the dock, but also put in the camera there, because that's one of the running jokes of anytime we see and judge a home screen, we definitely judge when there's the camera app in the dock.

Oh my goodness.

So these photos are very strange.

Also, the Mac studio on stilts.

Yes.

I'm a fan.

I'm just going to say, looks like the secretary bird of Macintoshes, which is fine.

I'm for it.

And then we had our co-working last week.

In the off weeks, we do a co-working session with myself and Kathy, except for this week, I was not there, because I was sick.

But our superconductor friends, along with Kathy, worked on commissions.

I had my cursor in the middle of the word scanning, so it looked like scamming.

And I was like, scamming and annoying projects, which I was like, ooh, that sounds like something.

And ordered some coffee-- ooh, coffee prints?

What are coffee prints?

I don't know what coffee prints are.

Yeah, nameless ordered coffee prints.

Maybe we'll get some links to share.

But I have to talk about this annoying project that I had to scan.

You had to scan.

Yes, that I had to scam.

One of my clients, I received their mail and scan in the mail, and then rename it and file it for them.

One of my client's clients sent a binder with individual pages, like those plastic sheets of pages.

So I had to pull out pages, scan them, and then put them back in.

And that took the entire hour.

And it was very exhausting.

Yeah, that sounds exhausting.

Yeah.

I think I was laying down, probably.

Man, I wish I could have been laying down.

Well, I was laying down.

Also, last week, I was on solo parenting duty because Brittany was having a mini vacation with her grandmother.

Well, it was more of a-- it was like a staycation, but at her grandmother's house, where she was being a caretaker for a week.

Oh, yeah, so that's-- no, that is not a vacation.

That is not any sort of remotely vacation.

What I will say is her grandmother is in relatively good health.

She just has some mobility issues.

Like, they even came and visited us for a few hours.

But her grandmother's normal caretakers had not had a vacation in some time, and Brittany volunteered to stay with her grandmother for the week.

And yes, it wasn't meant to be a vacation type thing, but it was supposed to be a time to get away from the normal duties of being a parent and all of the day-to-day stuff with my daughter and family stuff that we share, but maybe some of the stuff that she does more than I do.

And then it gave her a different set of responsibilities and things that she said was a nice change of pace, but also for me, I was exhausted.

So yes, no offense meant to be driven towards the, oh, you're caretaking.

That's like a vacation, not meant to be that in any way, shape, or form.

But Brittany was the one who mentioned she enjoyed the change of pace that she had in her day-to-day.

So I will give-- next time, I'm just going to have her come up here and have people talk and let her talk about it, OK?

Yeah.

Because I get yelled at when I talk about it.

Sounds like a better idea.

Well, yeah, you called it a vacation.

You called it a staycation.

That is not-- that's not what it is.

It's not at all.

It's a time away, but also, grandma, have you taken your meds today?

That's more of what it was.

You're responsible for another human.

Yes.

Not a vacation.

Not a vacation.

Anyway, if any of this hearing Kathy and Jay argue with one another sounds fun, you should consider becoming a Superconductor.

You can visit imasuperconductor.com to become a member today.

You get access to our Discord.

You get access to our co-working sessions in the off weeks.

And you get access to the pre-show, where we talked about conferences, documentaries.

Jay has a lot of hatred for these things.

What else is new?

And Kathy has been super busy allowing the mini soup to live their best life.

And then you also get access to the post-show, in which Kathy will be rating all of The Sims' emotion sounds.

Ooh.

I don't know what that means.

And unfortunately, we don't have clips for all of them.

But I guess if you know, you know.

If that sounds interesting to you, imasuperconductor.com and become a member today.

Letter I, letter M, letter A, superconductor.com.

Yes.

Shout outs.

Kathy, we got a shout out.

Yeah, we do.

So one of the things that we have enjoyed hearing during our co-working sessions is one of our superconductors, Ponders, is a writer and has written a glorious parody that combines two things that just make sense.

One is The Fast and the Furious series.

And the other is F.

Scott Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby.

That apparently was published on the interwebs a few months ago.

Well, we just learned that it has won a Lambda Award, which is a huge prize for queer literature.

Once we get access to that link, we will definitely share that out because it's proof that good things can happen during our superconductor sessions.

So now the conduit superconductor family of friends has seen weddings, has seen award-winning literature being written.

I mean, this markets itself.

If you want to join a community of laureates-- is that the right word?

Sure.

Yeah, laureates, business owners, career changers, super productive, awesome people, then yes, I'm a superconductor.com.

Now it's time for the connection check.

Zap, which we got to figure out how to do this because I have an updated audio that the one, the only Fishy Kai created and sent to us that is absolutely amazing and we will be utilizing it in the future.

The death of the Zap Witch, which is what I heard you say, was Zap Witch.

And I was like, what does a Zap Witch taste like?

Yeah, a Zap Witch.

Oh, a Zap-- see, I was thinking W-I-T-C-H, not sandwich version of Zap Witch.

Well, Kathy, according to you, everything is indeed a sandwich.

So-- That's true, but don't eat witches.

Oh, never mind.

What if they're in frog form?

Why are you eating frogs?

You know what?

Hey, where I'm from, that's not out of the ordinary.

Yeah.

Frog legs are a thing.

Oh, yes.

All righty.

Did you get your AC installed?

I did.

I did.

My connection was to install the AC, and I did just in time for the really, really hot weather we have going on.

So that was awesome.

I got both of them installed in the master bedroom and in our living room.

And they have been running at all times to try and keep it cool.

So very, very thankful.

Yeah.

We are in the midst of a heat wave, and I don't like it.

Not one bit.

I don't like it.

Not one bit, Kathy.

But no, I'm glad that you got your AC.

I had guests over, and they did not like-- where do you keep your thermostat for your-- what do you keep it set to?

I mean, that's hard to say because the thermostat only heats.

So-- I was going to say, what's your optimal room temperature?

Like 69, and not just because it's funny.

I mean-- But like 69 to 72 is ideal.

OK.

I had it set to like 70 with-- we have a fan, and it's like a mid-room fan, and it pushes air.

And people came over, and they're like, it's so cold.

And I was like, that's because it's 1,000 degrees outside.

They're like, no, but it feels like really cold.

I was like, it's 70 degrees.

I don't understand.

Yeah, no, they're wrong.

OK, good.

Because I was like, I've been keeping it at 75.

We agree about something.

Well, I moved it to 75 because people were all like, oh, it's too cold.

And I'm like, how?

Then wear more clothes.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Yes.

All that to say, I didn't do my connection, which was to write a blog post.

I did think about it.

I did look at the draft that I already have written and maybe changed a sentence or two.

But no, I did not make any dedicated effort to actually get this done.

That was-- it felt very, very strange.

Real quick, Pilex, 70 degrees is 21 Celsius.

Yeah.

But yeah, I genuinely, I think, have a-- I wrote a different blog post.

I mean, was your connection to write a specific blog post or just write a blog post?

Because I think-- Technically, yes.

It was technically to write a specific blog post.

And I knew that it was a blog post that was giving me anxiety, which was why I specifically was like, I need to write that blog post.

OK.

Because the funny thing about it was when I initially said I'm going to write a blog post as my connection check, I wrote the blog post that I was initially thinking about.

But then I was like, that's honestly-- while my employer thinks it's the most important blog post, it's not.

There was a more important blog post that needed to be written.

And I had anxieties around it.

So then I set it to write that specific one, and I did not because the anxiety is still there.

I mean, I would say that when you made the connection, the blog post that you made the connection for was written.

So I would argue that it would be a crazy question.

But even as I was quantifying what that connection was going to be, I specified that it was the blog post that I indeed did not write.

Yeah.

I will take my read as a period to reflect and say, we can do better next time.

And also, I am getting over myself on the-- everything you write has to be to the same level of famous literary award winners like Ponder's and F.

Scott Fitzgerald.

It's OK if you write garbage because for most people, they're not going to read it anyway.

They're just going to look at the headers and go, oh, that's nice.

I'm so glad to hear about all the amazing things that your organization is doing, which is a commentary on the world today and why I'm so upset.

But it's fine.

I don't have anxiety.

I just have anxiety.

How about our conductors?

Yeah, our conductors did great.

We love and appreciate them.

Debo, our soprano of the show, says, "Green heart.

Everything is all set for my choir party."

Love that.

I'm so excited.

Can't wait to hear from it.

Our artist of the show, Carly, says, "Red square.

I spaced again.

I didn't reach out to anyone to have coffee with."

That's OK.

I haven't had coffee in like a week and a half, Kathy.

And I'm struggling.

I keep meaning to make coffee.

And it just keeps not happening.

I had an energy drink this morning, so I wouldn't fall asleep on the drive back.

So that was good.

I need coffee.

Otherwise, I've been acting irate at work because I haven't had coffee.

Yeah, I'm manic without coffee.

All right, our entire advocate of the show, Jean Thess, says, "Yellow circle.

Budget was created, but still waiting for the sign-off.

Turns out that connections that rely on other people to do things automatically activates hard mode."

Yeah, yeah.

I could maybe changing the text to be the part that you can control for the future could work.

100%.

Our robotics engineer of the show, Aiden, says, "Yellow heart.

More progress was made, but my brain has been rebelling against actually sitting down to finish the portfolio.

In the meantime, though, I've revived an old electronics project I was working on."

So green circle on that.

I guess, yeah.

I'll take that.

I just-- Yeah, you can change it.

I just don't want to enable the thing that I did, which was not doing the thing due to anxiety, but then also picking up three other things as a distraction from the thing.

Indeed.

Our identical twin of the show, Erin, says, "Connection check.

Red circle.

Sadly, no further on London plans, but did organize my notes a bit for the trip."

I mean, I feel like that's yellow.

You did work on it, even if it's not finished.

But we are not going to force yellow on anybody.

Yeah, and then our tech podcast listener of the show, Pelix, says, "Red Square.

I have figured out that right now with the schedule I have, SwiftUI is hard to keep learning.

So I'll put it on the back burner, and I didn't have much time-- sorry-- and I didn't have much time to do FastUI.

I have applied for jobs, but that's about it."

I think that there is a deeper conversation there, Pelix, that could be had about you probably did the most important thing.

Of the three things that you wanted to do, you probably did the most important one.

And even though you didn't get as far in some of the other ones that you wanted to do, at least you had the wherewithal to be like, but this thing, this thing is important, so I'm going to do that.

Yeah.

I agree.

Our mountain dweller of the show, Logang-- Logang.

Green check mark.

Suit ordered.

We'll probably have to get it altered some.

Yay.

Our checklist enthusiast of the show, Mike, says-- RedX actually set up the website and other systems for the new website.

Oh, that was the previous connection.

But Mike is rethinking the concept before buying hosting.

Hey, that's smart.

That didn't get to it, but at least you didn't just do it for the sake of doing it to only be upset that you did it.

All right.

Our fish bear of the show, Fishy Kai, says connection check green circle.

I wanted progress on home improvement, and I made progress.

Excellent.

Our code monkey of the show, Douglas, says-- green square, went on a cleaning binge and got my office completely organized this week.

Kathy, that was another thing that happened this week that I didn't tell you about.

We got our house cleaned by a professional.

Woo-hoo.

And it was so amazing.

And they even cleaned around the mess that is my office.

And the office is a mess, but it's a clean mess.

And I'm very-- I've got to get back.

That might be my connection for this week, is they're going to come to the house twice a month now to do-- to clean.

And that's-- Yes.

Oh, my goodness.

I am so excited for you all.

So excited.

And our final connection for the day, nameless of the show.

Nameless says green circle.

Had a great morning with my brother with some good coffee.

That's amazing.

Yay.

Coffee.

This episode of Conduit is brought to you by Ecamm.

Ecamm Live is the leading video production.

And live streaming studio built for the Mac.

Ecamm does all aspects of video, not just live streaming.

It's perfect for simplifying your workflow.

It's easy enough to get started quickly, but powerful enough that you can create just about anything with video.

You can do it all with the Ecamm app.

I'm actually going to be using Ecamm if not later today, but tomorrow.

I wrote a blog post for work.

And we have a big release coming up.

And I was asked, hey, could you make some video content for this upcoming video release or this upcoming product release?

I said, sure.

Why not?

Because I know how easy it is to do with Ecamm.

I'm going to have my screen open.

I'm going to have my camera in the side just as if I was live streaming.

And then I will basically take the role of producer and talent by quickly changing between the different scenes that I have, which show just my application window, just my face.

And sometimes a combination of the two.

And it's so easy to move and change different things within the Ecamm app.

So whether you're streaming, recording, podcasting, or presenting, everything's there in Ecamm, including support for multiple cameras, screen sharing, even a live camera switcher that lets you direct the show in real time.

You can stand out from the crowd with high quality video.

You can add logos, titles, lower thirds, graphics.

You can share your screen.

You can drop in video clips.

And you can even bring on interview guests and use a green screen.

That and so much more, Ecamm Live does it all.

And super exciting news, Ecamm for Zoom is now available for everyone on the pro level plan.

That means you can automatically send Ecamm's live audio and video output into a Zoom meeting, a Zoom webinar, or a Zoom event.

You can also add up to eight Zoom participants as camera sources for your broadcast.

And you can automatically create individual participant audio and video recordings.

And add Zoom chat messages to your broadcast or recording as text overlays.

Ecamm's members are entrepreneurs, marketing professionals, educators, podcasters, musicians, church leaders, bloggers, and content creators of all kinds.

And you can get one month free today at ecamm.com/zoom using code conduit.

That's C-O-N-D-U-I-T.

That's one whole month of free Ecamm Live at ecamm.com/zoom using the code conduit.

Go there now.

I'm telling you, go there now and check it out.

Our thanks to Ecamm for their support of this show and Relay FM. - Thanks.

So Kathy, I've got some big projects and I'm not the biggest fan of the big project.

So I had an initial question for you.

When it comes to doing big things, do you like to just do it all at once or do you like to do it slowly and methodically over time?

And I don't think that there's a wrong answer here.

I'm just interested in what your preference is. - Yeah, I think it depends on the thing.

If it is physical based, I kind of need to do it all in one so that I will get it done.

Because otherwise, if I take a break, I lose momentum and then don't want to do it anymore.

But when it comes to like brain work or planning and those types of projects, I have an easier time of doing methodical and in working through things little at a time, especially something that is like a gigantic project.

It's a little bit easier for me to be like, "Okay, I'm just gonna go to this point, point X, "and then I will take a break, work on something else, "do something different, "let my brain kind of process through what's going on "and then come back and do part Y and then it works out." - I like that.

I like to tell myself I am a, do the little steps, the baby steps type person when I'm not, I know that I'm not, what am I kidding?

I definitely feel, and I guess the context here is, so I don't know about other places in the world, but America has this thing called, okay, that some communities in America will have called an HOA.

I don't even know what HOA stands for. - Home Owners Association. - Oh yeah, it is Home Owners Association.

You are correct.

That is, you're smart. - I don't have one, but I know. - And that is the big, that's the big catch for people.

Some people, most people hate having an HOA.

And I think that like, for me, HOAs are like a necessary evil for people who, let's be honest, would probably not keep up with it if they were not afraid of being fined.

Hi, I'm one of those people.

I will do the minimum of like, oh hey, if the yard's getting a little unruly, we'll have someone come out and do yard work.

Or if I absolutely have to, I will do the yard work.

But ultimately, it's a lot easier to justify doing it if I go, oh, if I don't keep up with it, then I will be fined.

And what we have, kind of the big thing that gave HOAs kind of a bad name is usually you have to pay dues for your HOA to operate.

So which means you're paying for someone to basically criticize how you live, or at least the outward appearance of how you live.

And then occasionally they will get a little out of control with the rules.

Like we have a very simple rule, which just says, you can't have more than four cars on the street.

And a lot of that is just people block driveways and things like that.

It takes up space.

So they just have a simple rule that's like, hey, no more than four cars in a driveway, or like in a, outside of your house.

Yeah, well, not even in your household, just overnight.

So like if you have guests over, you can't have more than four vehicles blocking parts of the road, which to me sounds reasonable.

If they're there for a little while, like you're throwing a party or something, no one's going to complain.

We live on a cul-de-sac, so there's plenty of parking if it's during the day, but like if three or four days have gone by and the cars have not moved, that is a problem.

And we also do have long enough driveways that most of the, any reasonable amount of guests that you would have for an extended period of time could just park in your driveway.

So again, like there, a lot of these things, like they're rules because if they're not rules, someone will do them.

But also some people are very much like, you're paying sometimes thousands of dollars for people to tell you what you can and can't do with your own house, which you own.

Our HOA is very, very friendly.

We pay like $200 a year for our HOA, which is not bad at all.

What does that money do? - So that money pays for landscaping in the primary area.

It also does pay the officers a very small stipend.

And I mean, like, I think it's like not even $1,000 for like the five officers.

Like they might get like $150 for, hey, you ran two meetings and you made sure that all of the agreements and stuff that took place happened.

And some of those agreements are actually good for us because like we have, where we live, we don't have city trash collection because we live technically outside of the city limit.

Although you couldn't tell, there's a mall, literally two street lights from us.

But because of where we are zoned, we have to pay for private trash collection.

But they actually gave us a deal that is better than what we could get on our own because it was organized through the HOA.

So yeah, again, there's an argument of like, what am I paying for?

But like, I feel like $200 a year is very, very friendly considering some HOAs pay for like monthly stuff, which is, yeah, we see people in the chat that are like, I will never.

And again, one of the things that they are very adamant about is like, whatever you do to the backside of your house, they do not care.

Like if you want to build a deck, you can build a deck.

If you have a fence or if you don't have a fence, that's up to you as long as you, if you have a fence, you keep up with it. - Here is my problem with HOAs.

The stuff that you are saying, how it is now, is just how it is now.

But people are the worst.

And there comes a time where 10 years from now, that rule of no more than four cars overnight becomes no more than two cars overnight, which then becomes no household can have more than two cars because of whoever buys a house or say someone buys a house and it becomes rented out for college students.

Okay, well, they can only afford if they have five people living there.

Okay, so now they can't all have cars in that house that they're living in, that this is the only way they can afford to have a place to stay.

And they're not allowed to put their cars on the street without getting fined or without getting yelled at or without whatever things are restricted.

My brother's HOA, so my brother is a disabled retired Marine.

Yes, don't come, please don't email me saying that Marines never retire, they just fade away or whatever, I get that.

No, it's a thing where like-- - Kathy, as a Marine who is no longer active duty or a reservist, I understand. - Yeah, I know, but I'm just prefacing it so that nobody-- - And Marines do retire, like they serve their 20 years and retire or they were discharged for reasons outside of their control.

Like you can be a retired Marine and still be a Marine.

If you say former Marine, that's the thing that people are like, oh, once a Marine, always a Marine, like there is no point. - Yeah, I try, yeah, it doesn't matter. - You're good on the verbiage, if anybody wants to complain about it, they can yell at me, who is a Marine? - Who are accepting it, yeah, yeah, see, there we go.

Go after Jay.

Anyways, so there's some physical concerns that he has and as such, he was like, instead of mowing my lawn, which is dumb, like this is a whole conversation about lawns, like let's get started, he petitioned to the HOA to allow for something that looks nice, that's not grass, so he didn't have to mow it. - Like a zero scaping setup. - Yeah, there's so many options and he didn't have a specific, it's not like he went and said, hey, this is what I want to do.

He said, here are 10 options that would allow me to live more successfully and more beneficially in my house that I own, that I purchased and they said no. - I 100% understand and this was a, our old house did not have an HOA and that was intentional and I am not here, I am not here to be like pro HOA.

I'm very pro my HOA at the moment because of the fact that we knew we had some burn spots in our yard and we're in a drought right now.

So there is this moment of like, hey, we have a very large shade tree, actually we have two shade trees in our front yard, it's blocking off a lot of the natural light but it's also restricting a lot of the water that would get to the grass that's underneath it.

So because of that, we are dealing with burn spots around our grass and basically they were like, hey, you gotta get this resolved and you gotta get it resolved by the end of the month.

It's like, you don't have to have it completely fixed because that's not how grass works.

We would have to like rip out all the grass and sow new grass and it would just look like we ripped out new grass, you know, we're doing more harm than good at that point.

But what it gave me was like a, here is a big project that I have been putting off and I now have a deadline as to when I need to get that process started and when I need to file for an extension because again, that's not how grass works.

So it's been nice to, it's been annoying, I'm not gonna lie, it's been annoying 'cause we don't have, our sprinkler system doesn't work and we don't know why which makes me afraid to use the sprinkler system 'cause that just makes me feel like there's like a crack somewhere and like a leak and I don't wanna just be like dumping water into like an area I have like one really nice lush patch and then everything else is still dead.

So like I literally have like a garden hose with like a multi area, like sprinkler attached to it, the thing that like moves back and forth and does that whole thing.

And I just move it to the different areas and it takes like an hour of my time and I do that twice a day now.

But I'm doing that in like, you know what?

I would have never done this had I not had someone force me to do it.

And as big of a project as it is, I know that it's not all like, there are other pieces that we're gonna do.

Like we were told, "Hey, you can use pine straw to like parts that are gonna be problematic, just cover it in pine straw, it's fine.

Like it'll make it look nice and you'll be fine."

So like there's a part of me that is like, I'm so glad that I have this big project that I am doing that takes me two hours a day, every day for the next couple of weeks.

But also I love that overall it is an ongoing process.

And I think that's where I like the little tasks is if it's like a big thing, let me just take some time and do the big thing and it's annoying.

But if it is an ongoing process, if it's a big, very multi-tiered thing, let me focus on doing big chunks of it at once.

Maybe not like a bunch of small chunks, 'cause I'll never do all of the small chunks, but if I can do like big chunks, then okay. - Would it work for you if you had the small chunks joined together to be bigger chunks? - I don't-- - One big. - One big small chunk? - Yeah. - I don't think so.

And again, like it's go move the sprinkler and then in 30 minutes, go move the sprinkler again.

And in 30 minutes, go move the sprinkler again.

And then after that, turn the sprinkler off.

I can handle that.

If it was, I mean, a good example of this is when I water my plants, I water them all at the same time.

Well, I water all the ones that need to be watered at the same time.

But the way that I do it is I use the water bottle technique where I like poke a hole in a water bottle and I make a little hole in the soil and I just stick the water bottle in the soil and I will use the same water bottle and use tap water.

I know don't save the environment, all those things.

But like I will do that and then I will walk away because I know that when I'm done, the water bottle will be empty, the soil will be nice and soft and full of water and all those things.

And any excess water will have drained out and gone into our flower bed in the front yard, utilizing it even more.

So like there's this, but I do like both of them at the same time.

It's like, boom, boom, I'm gonna go away.

And then I come back later that day and I say, oh, I'm done, boom, take them back upstairs, put them back up in my window.

And that has kept me up on being able to do this because it is a thing that doesn't take a lot of time, but let's be honest, if I didn't have, if I didn't make it bigger, if it was just like do that with one and then do that with the other and then do that with the third one, like all at different times, I wouldn't do it.

Like I have to make those little tasks bigger.

So I guess in a way, like, yes. - Yeah. - But I think it has to be the same task.

I don't think it can be like, do this little thing.

Now do another little thing as a part of the thing.

It has to be like, do the same thing, just do it for multiple things at one time. - Interesting. - But I wanted to talk this out because I'm trying to figure out other areas in my life in which I'm either doing that or in which I could do that.

'Cause I think that like the big one that people get is like dishes 'cause I don't wanna have to do a ton of dishes 'cause that means my house probably smells or has like dirty dishes in it all the time.

That's kind of one of those, I'm okay with just doing that little task every time I see it.

And I feel like it's wasteful, but I have started becoming the person that's just like, if there are one or two dishes in the sink, I will just do the dishes and then set them down and like be like, okay, now there's no more dishes in the sink, even though I feel like that's wasting water in some ways. - Yeah. - 'Cause otherwise I see that big, that big like stack of dishes and I'm like, uh, I don't wanna do that right now. - Yeah, and that's hard, but that's how my child does it.

Dishes are their chore.

And there are times where I'm good and let them just do it when they feel like it.

And then there's a lot of other times where that's not, and I have to tell them and kind of push them and be like, hey, it's time.

It's time to do the dishes. - The moment of dishing has come. - Indeed, indeed. - I think like that is interesting in how some folks are, like this is like a house thing.

Like we do our, I'm very much, I will do laundry whenever I feel like I need to do laundry.

But then Brittany will, has like a scheduled time of doing laundry.

Like I do laundry Sunday night at this time and Tuesday night or whatever the other nights are at this time in which we grab all the laundry and do all the laundry, which I'm just like, I want my favorite shirt to wear.

My favorite shirt is dirty.

I need to wash, I need to do my laundry so that I can wear my favorite shirt again. - Again, what I'm saying is I am a wasteful human being. - Well, clearly. - Well, everyone else is doing things with some intentionality.

I'm doing it with intentionality, but also with waste. - Listen, it's nothing compared to the waste of all of the companies that do their wasteful things.

So it makes sense. - Yeah, big companies, you should do your laundry once a week. - Yeah. - Oh, but yeah, are there instances, Kathy, for you that you can think of that are just like, maybe this would be easier if I took the small things and bundled them into the big thing, or if I took the big thing and broke it down? - I'm trying to think because, well, so, okay, I need to clean my office.

My office, there's stuff from my multiple trips that I've done that I still haven't unpacked.

I have a bunch of boxes that I have to break down to recycle.

There's a bunch of these things.

And my brain is such that I'm like, I need to do it all at once, when technically I could, in fact, just say, hey, just get rid of the recycling.

And that's one step that's done.

I don't know why my brain says otherwise. - I feel with cleaning, it's so hard to do though.

Especially if it's in a space that you're living in, because like, I'm just going to empty the recycling.

Okay, you emptied the recycling.

And then by the time you go to do the next thing, the recycling is full again. - Yeah, yeah.

But unfortunately. - Yeah, I will say having someone come into my house made me clean a lot, which was ridiculous because they were coming to clean. - No, I get it.

The problem is, is that I have had my girl here so often that now I just apologize for the disaster.

And it was about her day.

It's still new to me.

So I'm very much like, ah, I can't have people thinking I live in a pig sty. - Yeah, I don't have that problem. - Well, I would love to hear from some of the art conductors as well, what are some of the tasks that you love doing that are big tasks?

I think that's the other piece of it is that the get up and move the sprinkler and then like not do anything for 45 minutes while I'm waiting for the sprinkler alarm to go off so that I can go move the sprinkler again.

It's kind of nice because it gives me an excuse to not do anything.

Like, I mean, like I can watch a baseball game or something and be like, oh, okay, at the next commercial, I'm gonna go move the sprinkler because the alarm went off.

But then I can't be like, hey, let's all get together and play a board game and stuff because it's like, no, 'cause I'm on sprinkler duty right now.

Also the fact-- - Yeah, because you definitely couldn't stop in the middle of the board meeting or board meeting. - The board meeting, yeah.

Definitely can't stop in the middle of a board meeting.

Well, it feels weird when you do and sometimes stuff you get sprayed with water and then you're like, ah, and so then like usually dress down.

And it's also, it's like, it's quiet 'cause it's so hot outside that I do it at night.

So it's like, well, also I will do it right after, I have a meeting after our call, but then after that call, I'll do it in the middle of the day and that's miserable.

Don't get me wrong, that sucks.

But-- - Yeah, that sounds terrible. - At night, it's not unbearable.

It's like super dark outside.

Occasionally there will be a giant spider, which is terrifying.

Yep, exactly.

I saw that thing yesterday and I was like, (yawns) I don't like it.

But I, there's something nice about being outside when it's super quiet.

You have the crickets and the frogs and we don't have street lights, you know?

So it's dark and like peaceful.

That's nice.

And it forces me to slow down, which is also nice.

And also something that I wouldn't do on my own.

So for that, I'm grateful.

But also no to big spiders. - Yeah.

No to any spiders, really. - I don't mind the little ones.

The little ones I'm like, hey there, little fella, you're annoying, I'm gonna need you to go away.

Or you're gonna have to meet a shoe and I don't want you to meet a shoe, especially if you're outside, 'cause that's your territory, I'm in your house. - Um. - Yeah, they can be outside.

Like whatever you want.

Stay outside, whatever you wanna do, that's fine.

But I don't want you where I live.

K thanks, bye. - All right, well, speaking of K thanks and bye, folks, let us know what you're doing, what you bundle together to do as big projects and then what you do as some little ones.

Leave us that feedback using the link in the show notes.

Or if you're a superconductor, then I don't know, put it in the live stream chat with the, or show follow up, there you go, show follow up with the conduit emoji.

That's how we do things here, I forgot.

Speaking of forgetting, Kathy, what are you gonna do this week? - I am going to get rid of the recycling in my office. - Yay.

I like it, that's an easy connection.

You're like, that's it. - Yep, that's, listen, I gotta have a low bar. - That's the tough thing is I feel like I need a, I need a small win.

I'm gonna order the pop up banner for the event in Ohio that I'm supporting 'cause that's happening.

I think that happens like the week in between the next conduit, or no, that happens the week after the next conduit.

So that's kinda gotta get done.

Otherwise it won't arrive in time. - Yeah, good call. - So yeah, that's the thing that I gotta do.

And I gotta do all the steps too, which includes also requesting my reimbursement so that I can get that money back.

Yeah, awesome.

And actually, oh no, there's more to that task.

Okay, I will send my conference in a bag bag and I will order the banner for the event.

I think that's everything that I have to do for those things.

Writing that down 'cause I will forget. - Make sure to write it down in the show notes so we can copy paste it too.

I just saw your little face pop up. - Doing that right now.

What about our conductors? - Yeah, we have a first time connection check from Carl, who is our jack of all trades at the show.

They will contact the Arts and Crafts, that's the name of the venue, about hosting a Creative Art with Code workshop event with the grand idea of turning it into a reoccurring event.

So Carl showed up in #Breakroom and talked about this event.

So Arts and Crafts, Crafts as in craft beer, they do so many cool things that I want to go to it very, very badly 'cause it sounds absolutely incredible.

And so I cannot wait to hear how Creative Art with Code, the workshop goes. - Now I want Creative Craft Beer with Code.

I mean, I can't even drink it.

Oh, maybe I can do Creative Ciders with Code or something like that.

Jack, that sounds, or Carl, I almost wanted you to call yourself the Carl of all trades just to make it easier 'cause I'm gonna call you Jack every time I see it now.

But Carl, that sounds fantastic.

Our soprano of the show, Debo, says finish the aplix, aplix? - Apliques. - Apliques.

This is a word that I have seen and I have never said out loud. - Apliques. - Apliques on the baby quilt I'm working on.

I like it.

Go ahead and applique away. - Our soprano, our artist at the show, Carly, says new connection, have fun.

I'm going on vacation next week and want to live in the moment.

My mom's cousin is coming to town and I'm having a staycation. - That sounds incredible.

Have an amazing time. - Our entire advocate of the show, Chintas, says no new projects.

I need to get things done that I've already agreed to and therefore not take on any new things before I finish the existing ones.

I love this connection.

This is a connection that I feel like I would like to see more and more people do where the connection is don't add anything onto my plate. - Yes, I agree, I agree. - Our robotics engineer of the show, Aiden, says get my 3D printer fix.

I heard, I started to read it, third printer.

That was very, my brain crashed and burned a little bit.

Get my 3D printer fix so I can make the enclosure for my project and survive summer camps starting again.

Oh goodness, yes, good luck. - Our identical twin of the show, Aaron, says actually get everything planned out for the London UK trip in July/August.

I think you can do it, you can do it. - Yeah, it's getting closer.

Oh my goodness, I'm so excited.

Our tech podcast listener of the show, Pillix, says new connection, try and keep learning fast UI and keep applying for jobs.

Those were put in by Jay, by the way. - Oh, and set up a way for me to get reminded about the coworking sessions.

I mean, we do send an email out the day before, but you could definitely set a calendar event for 10 a.m.

Pacific time. - That's what I do. - Every other Tuesday, so can't wait to see you there. - Our mountain dweller of the show, Logang. - Logang. - Planned a small birthday party for my wife and I.

We never do this, but I thought it would be fun this year.

I think that sounds fantastic and much better than whatever I was reading. - Yes, agreed. - Agreed.

Our checklist enthusiast of the show, Mike, says new connection, make plans of site pages and content for the site launch.

Once I have this and maybe some content written, I will actually buy the WordPress hosting.

Good luck, let us know if you need any help. - Yes, our fish bear of the show, Fishy Kai, who created, once again, created our amazing ZAP music that we either did or didn't include in the show.

It says new connection, keep improving my home.

Ooh, I would love to learn more about how you are planning for the improving of the home, 'cause I feel like I've had so many lists of things that I need to do and then they just stay as that list unless the HOA comes after me. - Indeed.

Our code monkey of the show, Douglas, says, organize the garage that my wife has been after me to clean for the last year.

Incremental changes, Douglas, work on a little bit at a time. - And our nameless of the show, nameless, says get the travel plans finalized for my anniversary.

You can do it.

If you would like to submit a connection, like all of these fine folks who did, you can do so.

It's easy, it's free.

You can do it if you are a superconductor in the Relay FM, switch on, Discord, in the #ShowFollowUp channel by starting your message with the conduit emoji and putting your connection after.

You can also just submit it as feedback by clicking the link in the show notes that you're listening to now, or using the submit feedback button at relay.fm/conduit.

And visit imasuperconductor.com to become a member today.

You'll get access to the pre and post show banter, an ad free episode, and a coworking session in the off weeks with Kathy and Jay.

Just as a reminder, in this post show, Kathy will be going over all the different noises that Sims make based on their emotions.

I don't know what those are, and I can't wait to hear Kathy vocalize them all for me.

Maybe, possibly, we'll see.

Lastly, check out uconwear.com, especially if you're going to the live show in July, because both Kathy and I will be there.

And if we see you rocking conduit merch, you're getting a photo, you might get some ice cream, but you're also going to get a lot of, oh my gosh, that's so cool. - Yes. - You're going to get a lot of that.

And lastly, thank you to Ecamm for sponsoring this week's episode.

Kathy, did we do it? - Heck yeah, we con did it. (upbeat music)