---
description: "Jay is on location so Kathy is joined by the Original Friend of the Show Madi to talk about motherhood, quitting a job, finding time for yourself, and writing a book!

Special Guest: Baby Khaos makes a vocal appearance."
pub_date: July 11th, 2024
title: '79: Over (Many) Night(s) Success'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/79
---

(upbeat music) - From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we can do our own thing with our own productivity systems. (upbeat music) Welcome to Conduit, the show that surprisingly surprises with surprise guests.

I'm Kathy, and with me today is not Jay, who is currently off somewhere on a secret mission.

So instead I have with me today, the original friend of the show, Maddie, also known as Chaos in the Discord.

Hi Maddie. - Hi, oh my gosh, this is so fun.

I'm so excited.

Hello everyone. - I'm so happy you're here.

So happy you're here, especially since, you know, Jay decided to leave me again last minute.

We were trying to set it up to record a different day and it just wasn't working.

And then he's like, you know what?

Just find a guest.

And then started lifting off like guest ideas that he had with people that I don't know. - Oh Jay. - Jay, I love you, I do.

But I'm not going to last minute, 'cause it was what, like two days before today? - Yeah, I think you asked me, yeah.

I think you asked me two days ago. - Yeah, yeah.

I'm not going to introduce myself to somebody that I don't know and beg them to come and be a guest on the show last minute for a show that they may not even have listened to or know what's going on.

Again, to somebody that I don't know.

Like I can make it work, absolutely.

But it's terrifying. - It could have been funny. - It would have been hilarious. - But it probably just would have been stressful. - Yeah, you know what?

Both of these things can be true. - Yes, that's true, yeah.

It can be hilarious and stressful.

So Mini Soup did a masterclass yesterday for a dance event.

This big time choreographer was in town and so we went and they got picked out to do special small groups.

They got picked twice.

One's just with themselves with about 10 other dancers and then another with 20.

And the larger group went first, that group of 20, not larger, they did do it all the same.

But there's like an eight count and a half of like an improv section.

And the first time that they went up, they did the most awkward like ran off and like down on the ground and like lifted their leg like they were eight again.

And it's so funny because they were absolutely horrified and embarrassed but also found it to be the funniest thing ever because they thought that they were gonna do something cool but their brain just kind of broke in the middle of it.

I know how on video, the funniest thing that they've ever done. - It sounds like they kind of like reverted to what they knew best because they've been doing it for so long. - In good news, the time when they were in the smaller group they did like an actual, an aerial into a death drop type thing so like it did work out eventually.

But the fact that this is what they just kind of defaulted to and it wasn't even pretty, like their feet weren't pointed, their legs weren't straight.

It was the funniest, funniest thing I've ever seen.

And I'm so glad they also found it funny because obviously if they didn't, I wouldn't share the story because, but yeah.

It was, it was fun. (both laughing) Well, since Jay isn't here, I will be doing both this week in the Discord and last week in the co-working and this week in the Discord, there's chaos as per usual.

But the extra chaos is coming for this month's spotlight which is finally with Mike Hurley who bullied me into allowing him to be a guest on that members only show.

We will be talking all about the Relay 10 event in London which is happening at the end of the month.

And let me tell you, when I have the countdown, I have the countdown on my phone.

And as of today, I leave in 14 days, which is terrifying. - Dear God, that's not that fast. (both laughing) That's the hook up so fast. - I'm a little nervous, but it's gonna be great.

It's gonna be so much fun.

I cannot wait to see everybody that's gonna be there and we will miss you if you won't be there.

But yeah, it's gonna be, it's gonna be a good time.

It's gonna be a good time.

And last week in the coworking, we and our superconductor friends joined Pilliks on food deliveries while we gently bullied him into starting the freelancing projects.

So Pilliks was, is nervous about starting freelancing and like, what do I charge?

Who do I talk to?

Like what's gonna be there?

Like what was happening?

And I think, and Pilliks remind me if you're wrong or if we're wrong that we are getting you into that phase, I think we're going to make it.

Think, you know, we adore you and are here to support you, but also you can do it, you can do it.

And yeah, he says he feels like he's gonna be bullied again.

Well, yes.

So this next week we will bully you as Navy.

If you would like to join us on our next coworking session in the off weeks with myself and Jay or some of our lovely friends and be bullied into doing what you know you wanna do anyways with love, of course, and consent.

Or you can also be live as we're recording in the discord.

You can join and be a superconductor, which means you can get all of that and more.

All you have to do is visit Iamasuperconductor.com to become a member today.

That's letter I, letter M, letter A, superconductor.com.

Ooh, Soph, I'm so sorry.

So Soph was going to join us in coworking next week so they could be bullied into doing their connection, but has decided to be on holiday instead.

So instead we will bully them in a discord, friendly, consent, consensually with love.

But yeah, you know, that's a gift that we provide to our superconductors. - We also provide that gift in, you know, Break Room.

We just gently bully everyone in there too. - Yes, that's very true.

That's very true.

Yes, if you are a fan of Maddie, they hang out, she hangs out in #BreakRoom in the discord, which is why everyone in the live chat was very excited 'cause they adore her just like you.

And it's now time, let's do our connection checks. (crowd cheering) All right, okay, so I didn't put mine in the discord two weeks ago, but over the past two weeks, I've been trying to get a writing group set up, which we'll talk about a little bit later.

And I had that done.

Our next, or our first check-in I should say is Thursday.

So two days from now, really exciting. - That's amazing.

So my connection was to take care of the recycling in my office.

Now, technically I should do a yellow heart right now because it's still in my office.

However, it is gathered and it's flattened.

It's just too hot to take it outside because then I have to put on shoes and I keep forgetting when I'm going out to do other things to take it with me.

But by the time, like after we're done recording, I am going to put my shoes on and take it outside.

So it will technically be a solid green by the time the show goes up.

So. - Okay, that's fair.

I think that's fair. - I'm giving myself a green in that.

Yeah.

All right, time for our conductors.

We have our Carl of all trades at the show who has a green check mark, talked to the owner of the venue over an excellent old fashioned, always good.

And she was elated at the idea.

Just need to email a date and get it on the schedule.

Jay, here's the menu so you can see they do have things other than beer.

I will make sure that Jay sees the link.

And that's so exciting.

I'm so glad that the owner was as excited as you are.

And I can't wait to hear how it happens. - All right, I'm up next for Soph.

Connection check with a yellow heart.

Soph is our Oracle of the show.

So they still haven't found their passport documents, but they did complete a journal article that has been a connection for most of this year.

So that is half a win.

Soph, that is definitely a full win.

If you've been working on that for a year, definitely.

You worked on it nonstop through the weekend and on your day off.

You need to take a break, friend.

Oracle of the show Soph, take a break.

You deserve it.

Also, you should have given yourself a check mark.

I'm just saying. - Yes, that is a green heart level because that just means that your connection changed.

And I think we've appropriately bullied you to do your passport documents just so that I will officially rule Stu as a separate third item option in the soup or sandwich debacle conversation, but only for Soph.

Soph will be the only one that will allow Stu to be a separate thing from stew or soup or sandwich rulings.

So you're welcome.

Our Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica, says connection check, a green heart.

I stayed off my broken toe as much as I can.

Walk with only the littlest hobble, which is important because I'm flying to visit my parents next week.

Yeah, it's not fun to travel like with pain and having that.

So I'm glad that it's healing well enough for you to go on your visit.

Proud of you. - Right, up next is Debo, our soprano of the show.

Connection check, a green heart finished the appliques on the baby quilt they're working on, see creativity in the discord for a photo.

We saw this a couple of days ago.

It is freaking gorgeous. - Absolutely breathtaking.

I am shocked anytime anyone can make anything out of like fabric.

Like it doesn't, my brain doesn't work, but yeah, it's absolutely glorious.

Our podcast listener of the show, Pillux, says connection check, yellow square.

I applied for jobs and set up a calendar event for the coworking, but fast UI didn't make it this time.

I do have more contacts and sent more emails for jobs though, which I don't usually do.

Again, sounds like a green square or a green shape of some sort, but again, you are valid in your yellow, but also I think it's a green 'cause you got stuff done. - Up next, our identical twin of the show, Erin.

Connection check, green circle.

Put my trip notes together, booked some day of tickets that I wanted and put my hiking plans together as well.

Feeling pretty ready, just need to buy a few odds and ends.

I'm assuming this is for Relay 10.

This is awesome.

As Kathy said, it's like a couple of weeks away.

You're doing great. - Yup, yup.

Our checklist enthusiast of the show, Mike, says green check mark.

Make plan of site pages and made plan of site changes and content for site launch.

Wrote a plan of pages and article topics.

Fantastic, well done, Mike. - Our mountain dweller of the show, that's an epic title. - Right. - Logan. - Logan! - Said connection check.

Green check mark, I invited a handful of people over for burgers on the deck, which should be about right given how much we have going on this month.

This is a wonderful connection and I'm so glad you got it done.

Good job, Logan. - Our robotics engineer of the show, Aiden, says connection check, green check mark.

My printer is back up and running and ready to keep working on my project.

Hooray! - Our fish bear of the show.

Guys, these are great. - Are they great?

We have the best listeners. - Yes.

Okay, fish bear of the show, fishy guy says, green square, slowly getting home projects done, making progress.

Also, I'm sorry if I mispronounced your name.

Yeah. - You're doing great.

I appreciate you.

Our entire advocate of the show, Chinta, says connection check, mostly green.

No new projects, but some current projects got expanded.

Fortunately, I've negotiated that the expanded bits can be delayed a while.

Now that right there, delerves, wow.

I was reading the word delayed as I was trying to say deserves.

It delerves an extra green circle there.

I'm so proud of you that you did the green circle, even if you only said mostly, because you also put in that extra work to make sure that the expanded bits can be delayed, and that really helps.

So well done. - All right.

The nameless of the show says connection checks, travel plans have been made, bookings are being done.

Awesome.

Again, I'm assuming that this is for a holiday.

You deserve it. - And our new conductor, Mrs.

Nameless of the show, has a green check mark, because she has made her first connection.

Hello and hello.

We're so happy you are here.

Hooray.

If you would like to make a connection, go ahead and stay tuned to the rest of the episode, because we will walk you through how to do that when we do our new connections.

But until then, we don't have a sponsor this episode, which is great because we have a lot to talk about.

And the reason I wanted Maddie to come on is because she has had some big changes going on in her life.

And for those that don't know you, would you like to kind of walk through kind of what's happening?

What happened?

What is happening?

What's actively?

You know how it goes. - Yeah.

Okay.

I have been a listener/Discord member for a really long time.

So I've shared most of this in the Discord.

This is how you make friends, guys.

Come join us.

But I was a project manager for a small software development company.

And then my partner and I got pregnant.

And in February, I gave birth to a beautiful baby who has the nickname Chaos with a K, because that's what I go by in the Discord, Chaos with a C.

And once we had her decided, I was going to become a stay-at-home mom, quit my job, and spend any of my very little free time working on becoming a published author.

So it's a really big change.

I knew that some of it was coming at the beginning of the year, but didn't know that all of it was coming.

You know, you can plan for having a baby, but you can't plan for everything a baby entails. (both laughing) - Very, very true. - The big changes are mostly just having the baby.

Yeah, be honest, it's the biggest change of my life. - Yeah, for sure.

Especially when you're going from a family of two to a family of three.

And that third person is basically starting as a potato.

Like they are nothing.

They're not, I mean, wow, they are a real human, I promise.

However, you are responsible for everything that they do.

And that's got to be, I mean, got to be, I know it is, 'cause I did it myself.

It is exhausting.

It is absolutely life-changing.

And that doesn't necessarily mean it's bad, but there's definitely some good and bad and all of the things.

And it's hard to like find yourself again.

Especially since you added in, "Oh, by the way, I'm not gonna go back to work," to that. - Yes. - That's gotta be hard. - It wasn't something we had planned.

I planned to go back to work the entire time.

And then on maternity leave, which because the United States is great, was unpaid, we realized that we didn't really need my paycheck to keep up.

And decided that it would be more fulfilling for our daughter if one of her parents was home.

And for me, quitting my job has always been something I wanted to do for working for myself reasons.

So it made the most sense for me to be the one to stay home, especially 'cause my partner loves his job.

So I was gonna make him do that. - Yeah, that definitely makes sense there a little bit.

You find the person that loves their job, makes enough, and is happy to do it versus the person that was wanting to quit their job and enjoys being with the baby.

It's not a hard decision in that case. - Yeah. - Yeah, that was kind of our thing too.

When I had Mini Sue, we looked at it and we're like, "Well, I make more money and I don't enjoy..."

Listen, I love hanging out with the kid, but I am not a stay-at-home parent.

That is not my mindset.

That's not my brain.

And so it made sense.

We didn't even have to have a deep conversation.

It was like, "Yeah, let's do this." - Yep. - Yeah. - So while it looks like very typical, we're a family, it was actually a decision we made.

It wasn't just like, "Oh yeah, Maddie's staying home now."

Yeah.

No, no, it was like an actual conversation we had.

And I gotta say, I'm loving it.

There are hard days, but it's mostly great.

It's mostly wonderful. - That's amazing.

Yeah, what are some of your favorite parts about being a stay-at-home mom? - Okay, chaos loves to snuggle.

And I mean, full-on, she does not wanna be put down if at all possible.

And that is the best.

We just get to sit on the couch and read together and play with her toys.

It's great.

That's my favorite part. - Amazing, amazing.

Especially since I saw on your Instagram that you found a lot of your physical to be read happened to be also in Kindle Unlimited? - Yeah, so I don't know if people know this, but babies are wiggly and it's really hard to hold books while you're also holding babies.

So I've been- - It's almost like that's something that I told you while you were pregnant, I think. - Yeah, it is something that you told me while you were pregnant.

And I was like, "No, Kathy, it's gonna be fine.

Everything's gonna be fine."

Yep, no, it was not fine.

But I found out that on Kindle Unlimited, at least 20 of my physical to be read books are in there and I can read them whenever I want.

So I downloaded them to my Kindle and now I can read even faster on the couch with my daughter.

I cannot say this enough.

I do read out loud to her, but they're not age appropriate books.

She really shouldn't be listening to them. - She's not gonna understand.

She doesn't know that you're reading the Psy changeling novels.

That's fine.

She can learn all about the shifters and the Psy and how they interact with each other and the humans.

And it's totally fine. - It's totally fine.

The one I was more worried about was the one that had blood magic in it.

And it was just like, maybe not appropriate for a four month old, but. - Well, only because you don't want her to get tainted by the magic.

What happens if you're reading it out loud and it actually affects her?

Because you never know.

Isn't that the magic in Inkheart?

I feel like that's the magic in Inkheart if you read it aloud. - I think so.

That sounds familiar, but I also haven't read Inkheart in a very, very long time. - Erin's right.

She does have to learn how to cast spells with blood eventually.

It's true.

It's just facts. - You might as well get the basic structure in place while she's still impressionable.

That's a good point.

Then she might be more powerful in the future.

Okay, so yes.

Go ahead. - All of that said, there are downsides to being a stay-at-home mom slash having a baby.

And it is like mostly just being so tired and not having any time to just be myself.

But the biggest one, Kathy, the biggest one.

And friends, I have ADHD, so you'll understand.

The biggest downside is being at the whims of a creature that is not my own brain anymore. (laughing) So my brain will be like, "I wanna do this."

And chaos is like, "Nope, we're doing tummy time," or whatever I'm doing with a baby at that point. - "Entertain me." - She's like, "It's not nap time anymore.

It's time to eat."

So that is the biggest one.

It's really hard to figure out what to do when there is a nonverbal creature yelling at you and you're like, "I don't know what you want from me." - Right.

Oh man, that's the most difficult, especially something that I learned.

As they grow, their cries and their concerns change because they're growing and they're thinking differently.

And so you're like, "Okay, I know that after A happens in 10 minutes, B is gonna happen."

Whether it's, you know, diaper change or whatever.

But then that only works for like four days. - And then they change their routine. (laughing) - So you can't even mentally prep for what you knew was gonna happen.

Yeah, it's, oh my gosh.

Yeah, that's exhausting.

In good news, it will stabilize a little bit more in the future. - Yeah.

Just waiting for those days, I'm trying not to be too hard on myself for not getting things done because yeah, babies.

If she's alive at the end of the day, everything has gone well. - That's exactly what I was gonna say.

Listen, you are keeping another human alive.

Like that is not unimportant in many, many ways.

You are keeping yourself alive too and your dogs.

So like, listen, you are succeeding 100%.

Anything else on top of it is just, you know, sprinkles. - Yeah, I love sprinkles. - Everyone loves sprinkles.

And if you don't love sprinkles, don't tell me because I might not trust you as a human. - I don't know if you can hear her in the background right now, but she's losing it. - You need to take a break. - I just need to pick her up and then she'll calm down.

Give me one second. - Yep, no worries.

Live show, this was definitely something that I made sure that she knew ahead of time.

That was okay because babies.

It just makes it real.

Like this is the real realities of life with a baby.

Yeah. - We're back.

So K.S. might be a little louder, but she's now on my lap and staring at the live stream chat.

So even though she can't read, everybody say hi. - Hi K.S., we love you. - Yeah.

She thinks that's very funny. - She'll send her message.

I know, I love it.

I love it.

She's on the show before my own kid.

So that, you know, goals. - We need to fix that. - I'm nervous though, because they get so nervous. - Okay, that's fair. - Recording or things.

So like, yeah, they're a little bit, if I had been doing this when they were that age, it might've worked.

That was even one of the suggestions that Jay had when Jay was unhelpfully like suggesting guest stars was to have my kid who, you know, it's summertime, which means that they're asleep right now at 10 o'clock in the morning. - Yeah, that's fair. - It's summer, they don't need to be awake.

And so I would definitely not want to wake them up. - No, not for this. - No, no, not for this. - Maybe for like a non-live show, you could like record at night. - But not with the live show, not when they have no idea what this is.

'Cause of course they don't listen to my shows because kids are the worst, but also the best. - I know, it's true.

It's true, it's glorious.

I adore them and I appreciate their reality.

You know, it helps bring my ego down as I need it. - Especially when they're like, what do you even do?

Well, that's a good question. - That's a very good question, Mini Soup.

I'm still not sure I understand it.

And I've known Kathy for years now. - I'm not sure I understand it and I am the one doing it.

But it's also, it depends.

It depends on who I'm talking to and what their concentration is.

Because if I'm talking to a dance team, well then yeah, I'm a dance photographer and I do other things.

But this type of stuff, it depends on the situation because people don't care that I run the oldest Wheel of Time community on the internet.

Unless they do.

But that's not gonna be number one, unless you're, that's gonna be the conversation.

And that's, it's a situational self-identification, I think. - Yeah, like context switching. - Yes, everyone does.

Whether they know it or not.

It's like if you're talking to, so say you're in the grocery store, you're hanging out.

You're just randomly talking to people, which I do a lot.

I know not everyone does, but let's just pretend for a moment now that you are like me and that you will talk to inanimate objects even if you're bored and lonely.

And someone looks at you and you're talking and they're randomly will ask, oh, hey, what do you do?

Well, if you're there and you see that they also have kids, you would probably start with, oh, well, I am a parent to a 15 year old.

And yada, yada, yada, yada.

Like that goal of like whoever you're talking to is gonna change, like that number one conversation. - It's like seeking a connection through like shared experiences.

So if you know things about them, yeah, I get it.

I get it. - Yeah.

And it's not inauthentic because you're still, you are who you are.

Like this is still important to, like you're not like, well, hopefully you're not like lying.

Like, oh yeah, I'm president of the United States or something like that's not necessarily what you're gonna do, but you're gonna change kind of the words that you use and the conversations that you have based on who you're talking to. - Definitely.

And just on that topic, vote Campbell 2024. - Oh gosh, no.

Let's make Kathy the president guys. (laughing) - See that, but that's the problem though is that the people that are running for president are not people that you want to be president.

We should like nicely bully people too that we think would do a good job to run the country.

Join the Relay FM switch on discord and we will bully you into running for president if you're a United States citizen. (laughing) - And over 35 and whatever, I think there's a third requirement too, but I don't remember what it is. - I thought it was not being a felon, but I'm not sure. - Well, yeah, who knows anymore?

That may have been an option in the past, but that's not what the show is. - No, we can talk about happier stuff. - Yes, like what your, this next topic in the topic comment thing that you're talking about. - Oh yeah, okay.

So one of the downsides, like I said, of being a stay-at-home mom and like having a baby is that it's really hard to find time for myself, which any parent can tell you, right?

Any parent, not just moms, not just dads, like any parent can tell you that this is the hardest thing.

And I knew this was going to happen.

So I know some people who listen to "Conduit" do themes.

My theme was the year of shift.

So just like rolling with the punches.

And one of those things that I have shifted towards is like my time used to be my own, now it is not, but my partner and I work together to make sure we each get like self time, time to be just us, not to be parents.

And I do get that in snatches throughout the day, depending on naps and stuff.

But as I told you, when we first got on this call, like sometimes chaos is just like, no, no naps.

So I mean, really this is your fault for naming them chaos.

Like it was, this was gonna, it's your fault. - Do you know how many times people have told me that?

Yeah, it's accurate.

Yeah, just to be clear, that is not her real name, but it is accurate.

Chaos is not her legal name. - No, I think I might've been like fined if I tried. - Yeah, I think your partner might have a little. - Yeah, Aaron's right.

We do bring it up weekly in break room.

Like, "Maddie, why did you name her chaos?"

I don't know. - I mean, it makes sense though, because your nickname was chaos in the discord.

And so you just put a K on it.

So it's like a relationship thing. - Yeah, exactly. - Oh no, Soph, I don't wanna know the names that you have seen as a teacher. - I can imagine lots of interesting names out there, which it's not a bad thing.

It's just very interesting to see and recognize and be like, huh, okay, moving on type of a thing. - Yeah. - Yeah. - They're all good names, Brandt. - It's one of my favorite internet memes of all time. - Oh my gosh, this comment right here.

So it's Tuesday of the week.

I've made that comment of some sort four times since Sunday. - Oh my goodness, that's like more than one a day. - Oh my God, yes.

Sometimes like actual dog related, sometimes not, usually not, but yeah, it's great 'cause everyone recognizes it.

And if they don't, you get to share it with them, which is the best reaction experience you can experience.

There's an XKCD about that.

You're one of today's 10,000. - All right. - So when my partner and I work to get self time for each other, like right now, his focus is on, he does weightlifting.

So he spends a couple hours a week doing that.

When I get my self time, the thing that I'm struggling with is actually using it for something other than doom scrolling. (both laughing) I'll just like sit in a room and I'll be like, I guess I'll just go on Instagram.

No, I should stop doing that.

I want to find time to actually do things I like instead of just consuming social media.

So that's one of the really hard things, but yeah.

I'm hoping that now that I have a writing group, like I talked about in my connection, I might be able to get back into writing. - Yeah, so tell me about, we know now, some of us, that your books are your life, a big portion of it. - For anybody who doesn't know, I started a bookstagram to share my reading.

It's super fun.

Even though the market is flooded with people sharing their reading habits on Instagram, it's a really fun community.

I've made tons of friends.

So it's been really fun.

Like talking about books that I've read that aren't popular because the algorithm is like, only sharing the same five books over and over again, introducing people to new authors.

I love it.

It's so much fun.

So that's one aspect of my life, sharing things I'm reading.

And the other aspect is that I'm trying to write.

I'm trying to become a published novelist.

So that's why I started that writing group.

That's hopefully going to give me some accountability.

And I know Kathy knows this, but I'm assuming most of your conduit listeners don't.

I finished writing an urban fantasy romance book two years ago.

Its code name was Secret Seer.

I sent it out to alpha readers and got a bunch of editing feedback and haven't touched it since.

So this is what I want to be focusing my self time on, trying to edit, trying to figure out where to go from here.

So yeah, but for anybody who doesn't know, because you didn't alpha read it, the book is a, it's urban fantasy romance.

So that means it is set in a world that has some sort of magic.

Urban usually indicates that it's like city-based and it's not like, Lord of the Rings style fantasy.

This can also be called paranormal romance.

Like changelings and shifters and vampires and stuff like that.

So it's set in a world where the gods and creatures of the world's myths, like walk the earth.

The two main characters are a young trickster god and an oracle in hiding, working together to solve a series of murders among the trickster followers.

So that is the basic two line summary.

I had my beta readers read it.

They gave me a lot of feedback.

And then I just don't know where to start, Kathy.

I don't know what to do. - Have you like, not collated necessarily, but have you taken the feedback from the alpha readers and like put it together in any form or are they just in the emails that you've received back or texts or whatever feedback that you've saved? - I put it all in an obsidian document altogether, tried to break it down by type of feedback.

So like if it was feedback about a certain character or feedback about some of the world building or the pacing of the story, I tried to like split it up like that so that, I could work on one type of feedback at a time, but some of those are bigger than others.

So like changing the way a character presents themselves, that's huge.

So is changing pacing.

Then there were like the little things like, Maddie, your grammar was horrible in this chapter. (laughing) Thanks to my grammar readers, yes, it was horrible in that chapter. (laughing) So like I can fix the small things really easily.

Can even, I think I even got all of them done.

I would have to go back and check of course, 'cause it's been so long, but it's like the big, it's the big edits.

Like how do you go back and make sure that the ending doesn't happen too fast and wrap up too many plot threads all at once?

You have to add scenes.

You have to add like downtime and that's hard.

So that's what I'm struggling with.

And I thought having a writing group with other people who are doing writing would help me get started on that and like get feedback from them.

Beyond being readers, they can help me with the writing aspects too.

So really excited for that. - I think that's, yeah, I think that's a great thing.

It's difficult to, I can imagine, obviously, let me preface this by saying I'm not a reader, but I've been I'm not a writer.

I'm not a writer.

I'm a reader.

I'm a reader, not a writer.

Take it back, take it back, take it back.

Thanks Javier.

It's really hot here you guys.

Hopefully you cannot hear the fan that I have going because that's literally the only way I would survive is with a fan running under my desk right now.

But so I am not a writer, but I've been alpha and beta readers for a variety of people and like helped support writers through that process.

And I know it's difficult to, and can feel like really overwhelming.

And something that one of my writer friends suggested was looking at the feedback as a whole, not as specifics, but like, you know, and I'm sure you've gathered it together like, Hey, the pacing in this isn't like, like you said, it's wrapping up too soon.

Looking into that and then being like, okay, here are a bunch of different ways you can change it.

Not trying to find that one specific thing of like, I need to find that perfect option. - Right. - But sitting back and saying, okay, if someone else was reading this or if someone else wrote this and this is mine, here are four ways that I could change it.

Or suggestions and like working through that because just like someone famous said, you know, the like the worst first draft is not having that first, like not writing it at all or something smarter sounding than that.

Like you need to, you can't edit something that you don't have.

And so you already have that first in place, but now you're rewriting something 'cause you've got to add stuff into it. - So just putting something in there that can link together will then make it easier to like make those adjustments, especially if you're changing character arcs or character presentations or personalities or something, you're gonna have to go in and make those changes in such a variety of places.

So like planning out that pacing to add it and then you can go back and like tweak what the characters will do. - Yeah, definitely.

So basically like brainstorm a menu of options for each of the things I need to fix.

I think that's a great idea.

And it's not something I've done 'cause I've been basically like mulling over the changes I need to make in my brain for two years.

Like one of the pieces of feedback was that the two main characters meet too early in the book.

Like they need to be themselves first before they're a pair.

And it's like, that's really good feedback.

It means I need to write a bunch of new scenes though at the front of the book.

And I've been brainstorming those, haven't put a single one on paper, haven't put a single idea down in a list, like, hey, maybe write this scene, this scene, this scene, when I really could.

And it would make it so much easier to get started in one of those like one hour blocks I've got because I have like a specific idea to go for and it's not gonna be like brainstorm and then write an entire scene in this one hour. - You have to break it down because, and that's probably, I mean, on top of everything else that you have been going through in the last two years, like that overwhelm is scary.

Like, oh, I don't even know where to start.

And I know my ADHD brain doesn't like a huge list of things. - No, it's very overwhelming. - Yeah, it's super scary.

And so, I mean, there's, so one of the apps that was a sponsor of this show, oh my gosh, I can't even remember what it is, but it has like this option, this like feedback for the ability to like flip through.

It's called Backburner.

Okay, so it has cards on it and you can just flip through them.

So you can see like, you're not looking at a whole list and trying to pick from that list, but you'll only see one thing at a time.

So it might be a good idea to try something like that where you're not looking at anything but that one card.

And if you don't wanna do it yet, you can move it on.

Like you can swipe it and it'll go back into the stack. - Yes. - Which means that you're not gonna get absolutely overwhelmed by all of the options when you only have this one hour. - I really love that idea.

And it reminds me of something I saw on Instagram.

It's a creator who has been talking about how they would get like 75% of the way through a project and then stop because they were scared to finish or they like didn't know the next steps or the next step was too hard.

And so they set up this project for themselves where they put all of the like final steps for these myriad projects they had almost done up on a board, hid the details and had their partner pick out a card at random and they had to finish it.

And then they started keeping track of all of the good things that came out of actually finishing the project.

'Cause like, everybody's like talks about, oh, he was an overnight success.

They were an overnight success.

And it's like, no, that's not true.

That is not true.

You have to put in the work to finish a project and then it'll sit out there and it might not get seen by a lot of people, but then the next project will get seen by more people and then more people and then more people.

And then all of a sudden you've made it big.

I believe they are a screenwriter and I will find a link for you, Cathy, to share it in the project or in the list.

Show notes, there we go, got the word.

Because they've been doing it for a couple months now and they're like, what's it?

Like the side of the board where it says all the things that came out of doing the work, that side of the board is filling up.

And they had made it small thinking, not much is gonna come out of finishing these tiny little projects.

No, no, it's like full and they're not done with all of their Post-it notes yet.

And I love that idea and I love the focus it takes them to just pick one card, just pick one card and just do that.

And I've been thinking about, could I apply this?

And it sounds like Backburner or something like it could do that for me for my writing. - Yeah, and because it's an app and say what you will, apps have their places for sure and are scary and overwhelmed.

But like the fact that it's an app means you don't have to have a physical place in your house.

And it also means chaos won't cause chaos on it. - Yeah, she won't pull everything off of it. - Yeah. - Yeah, so I will check that out.

Ooh, bless you. - Bless you.

Amazing, oh my God.

Yeah, so says, someone said, you wrote your book really quickly to them the other day and they laughed and laughed.

And yeah, it's so, yeah, it's difficult because people don't see what they don't see. - Right. - There's nothing wrong with that.

And it's part of like a, not a job necessarily, but like a way to support people that care about you to help give them information, like to support their journey in learning the way that they need to and want to learn.

So being able to like really be like, oh yeah, I get you think, I can see how you could imagine this book being written easily and quickly.

However, let me give you the truth. - Like that is not how it works.

And I have fallen victim to that mindset too.

I'm sure you have as well.

Like even as a writer, I'll be like reading, okay, here's a good example.

Nora Roberts puts out like three books a year.

Woman is a legend.

And so it's like, your brain thinks, oh, she puts them out so fast.

Like it must not be that much effort to write her books.

Like I could probably do that.

No, the reason she puts out three a year is because she's working like an insane person and has been for years and years.

Like, it's just wild.

How even knowing the behind the scenes of what goes into writing a book, our brains can trick us and be like, this should be easy.

This should be like, you should be successful right now. - Well, it doesn't help that you see people like Brandon Sanderson who come out and they're like, oh, ha ha ha, by the way, here's a bajillion novels that I just wrote overnight.

But his brain works differently too. - Yes. - And that's okay.

You can't compare yourself to that.

Instead, you gotta compare yourself to yourself.

And like, what are you able to do?

But also like Nora Roberts has that, oh my gosh, what's it called?

Like a structure.

She has the like-- - Oh, like the scaffolding, like all the people around her to help her do stuff. - Yes, exactly.

So she's not expected to keep house and keep a child alive and make dinner every day.

And all of these things on top of it, like she's sitting there.

And then it also helps that her books are fairly formulaic.

Which is not a bad thing.

Anyone that's like, oh, well, this is really predictive.

Like, okay, so like I guessed who the killer was.

Good for you.

But guess what?

A lot of times all people want is to have escapism.

Escapism? - Yeah, I'm a professional podcaster.

Escapism, escapism. - Yes, and being able to like take that moment of like enjoying something that yes, you know how it's gonna end.

You know, and that there is nothing wrong with that.

There is a reason that she has been able to write so many books.

And that's because she, you know, is able to focus in on here's what her readers want.

Here's what her readers like.

And guess what?

That's great. - Yeah. - Doesn't mean like she's probably not gonna win what's like the awards for like? - Nebula awards for like sci-fi. - And I was thinking of like a Pulitzer Prize. - Oh, there you go.

That's a good one. - It's not a Pulitzer Prize winning book.

And guess what?

That is okay. - Yeah, it's not the point.

It's really not the point of her books. - Yes. - What was I gonna say?

Oh, like, nope, I lost it.

Sorry, Javier. (laughing) Okay, Pulitzer Prize is not the point of a romance novel.

No, I lost it.

I really lost it. (laughing) - Is it, you know, romance novels want the happily ever after? - Yes, that's what it was. - Yeah. - Yes, okay. - Like, yeah. - Here we go, Javier. - You got it. - The point of romance is not to win prizes like the Pulitzer.

It's to give your readers the happily ever after, the really like, we know what's coming and we know it's going to end well.

Like, this is actually the definition of a romance novel.

It's not a romance novel unless the two characters who are the main characters or three, you know, or four, poly relationships are becoming a thing in romance, which is amazing and I love it.

They need to get together at the end and they need to be happy and they need to be happy forevermore.

That is how a romance is defined.

I think famously Nicholas Sparks, who writes what would be considered romantic fiction, says his are not romances, they are love stories because he does not guarantee a happy ending.

And in fact, most of the time, his books end horribly and you're weeping. - Absolutely heartbreaking. - Yes, oh God.

It's been a while since I've had like any desire to read a book that does not end happily.

Like, even in fantasy and sci-fi, like those things for me need to have a happily ever after as well, even if it comes after seven books.

Like those people need to survive, they need to survive and they need to be in a better world by the end of that. - Yeah, so. - Yeah, I think it's so difficult to acknowledge that sometimes like being able to recognize and be like, yeah, this is okay.

Like, this is what I want, this is what I wanna read.

And the same thing along with like people being ashamed of like what they're reading.

You know, someone's talking about, oh, I read all these self-help books or I'm reading, you know, the 10,000 page novel of, I don't know, someone famous from, you know, the third century who wrote, like, I don't even know. - Here's a memoirs of Marcus Aurelius.

Like, okay, cool.

If that's really what you want to read, absolutely congratulations, fantastic.

I'm so happy for you. - Yes. - However, however, there's no judgment in what you're reading if you wanna have fun.

If you wanna enjoy what you're reading, enjoy it. - For a lot of people, that's what reading is, fun.

It's not for, you know, education purposes.

For others, it is.

Like there's someone in the discord who is constantly sharing like really in-depth nonfiction books they're reading and more power to them.

I could not do that.

I could not do that.

But for them, that's fun, which is great.

For me, it would not be fun.

It would be exhausting. - Yeah, let's normalize reading what you wanna read. - Yes. - And being happy with that and not trying to force somebody else to read what you think that they should read unless they're asking for opinions or options, then you can, like that's fine.

But like, let's not, yeah.

It's rough. - It is rough.

And actually I ranted about this on my stories on Instagram the other day because this is a very specific example.

But I don't know if people have heard of Colleen Hoover, but she is a famous author.

She has written dozens of books at this point, I think.

Like maybe two dozen.

And she gets like a weird amount of hate from certain sections of the book reading population.

Just like people judge her books without even reading them.

The other day I saw someone posted a reel that was like, the day I have a Colleen Hoover book on my bookshelf is the day I don't deserve a bookshelf.

And I was like, who are you to judge?

Why are you doing this?

Why are you so mad about someone who is not in any way harming you?

And it's just, so let's just normalize.

Everyone can read whatever they want.

The only time I will give you hate for reading an author is if they're actively harming someone.

'Cause there are authors who are doing that. - Well, and there is something to, Colleen Hoover's books do tend to have, like feature some abusive and like harmful relationships that are not, that are very toxic. - Yeah. - Which is like, yes, that's, but if somebody is reading them and enjoying them and know, like, I think as long as like, can acknowledge the fact that like, why it's problematic, sometimes that could be okay.

But also like, if you need to help somebody like, hey, just so you know, Colleen Hoover, very problematic because of XYZ.

And then they can make the decision that choice.

But as Joshua says, yes, everyone is legally required.

If you're listening to my voice right now to purchase Maddie's book when it comes out, just kidding.

But also, let's support our friends, let's support people we love and know.

There's a lot of times that I will buy a book and it's still on my list to read and I haven't read it yet.

And okay, guess what, that's okay too. - Hi, Chaos. - That is very okay.

She just wanted me to tell you that that happens to me too.

I counted my TBR the other day and it's in the 600s.

Kathy. (laughing) - Oh my God. - See, that's why you do what I do, where you just don't count and you don't keep track of it.

And they just live in your Kindle.

And then, you know, if you, I found, let's see, I was trying to figure out what I wanted to read like six months ago.

And I was like, okay, let me go through the not downloaded section of my Kindle.

And I was like, oh, I totally forgot about this book that I bought for a friend, like from a friend, like three, four years ago.

And so I read it and guess what, it was great.

And I sent a message to them.

I was like, oh my gosh, just so you know. - I finally read your book. - Finally read your book, but I loved it.

Here's why, you know, give me that hopeful supportive, like, yay, good job type of a thing. (laughing) Yeah, for the record, I don't love that I counted my TBR numbers either.

Like, I didn't wanna know that.

Now I can do calculations.

Now I can do calculations of how long it's gonna take me to get through that list or I don't wanna know.

Yeah. - Yeah, no, 'cause here's the thing is it's literally impossible to read everything that's ever been written. - Right. - It's not possible.

And so read what you wanna read. - I just need to stop buying books until I have, you know, time to read them. - But you have your friends and stuff that you wanna support. - Okay, that is an exception, but like, you know, I don't need to buy the newest bestseller right now if I'm not gonna read it for four years. - That's true, especially if you're gonna get a physical book when you can get it in paperback. - Yep, or on clearance, on sale, from the library.

So many options, so many options for reading.

Yes, borrow it from, steal it from a friend. - You might not be allowed in my library, Kathy. - Don't worry, I never read physical books. - If you condone stealing physical books. (laughing) - Yeah, I'll go to the bookstore and I'll be like, ooh, this looks good, this looks good, this looks good.

And then I'm like, but I can't buy the physical book because I literally will never read it.

So often I'm reading at night in bed and it's really hard for me to lay down and hold the book open and yeah, it's just not, real books are not my life. - Whereas if I did not have a wriggling child in my arm, they would be my preferred way to read. - Which is also fine, they're all good books.

And so is audio books.

I can't really do audio books unless it's a series that I've read a lot of times, just because of how my brain takes the information in.

It's not super great, that's okay.

I do, I deal with it how I can.

And yet, see, Justin comes in here and makes, they're all good jokes, they're all good books, Brant.

Except I already made that joke today on this podcast.

So snail to you Justin. - We bring it all back around, Kathy. - Yes. - Oh my goodness. - Yes. (laughing) Oh goodness. - Yes, I used to be a big audio person, an audio book person.

And I think that was because I was also a podcast person.

I'm more a podcast person than an audio book person though, because I discovered that I can't get into a book unless I physically cannot get distracted for the first like hour. - Huh, I wonder why that's more difficult for you to discover. (baby crying) - I don't know, I don't know.

Could be the currently screaming daughter on my lap. - No, that couldn't be it.

Yeah, no, definitely not.

Is there anything else you wanna cover before? - I don't think so, 'cause I think chaos is saying we need to end mom. (baby crying) - That's kind of the vibe I was getting.

So what is your connection for the next two weeks? - Based on what we talked about earlier, I think that I'm going to focus on making a plan for editing secrets here by creating those little lists for like the little brainstorm lists for each edit I need to make, like one for pacing, one for characterizations, stuff like that.

So that in my self time, I can start to actually do edits.

So yeah, that's gonna be my connection for the next two weeks.

So I will put it in the feedback channel for the next conduit. - Love that.

Well, kind of along this same line of books and beta readers and all of that, I need to finish and send the feedback for my friend, Antony's book, and that needs to happen ASAP.

So that is going to be my concentration goal.

And then I also want to read it a third time to, like not for feedback, but just for fun to go in and really cause chaos in it because it's an incredible idea and I cannot wait for it to come out because it's going to be amazing.

So excited.

And for our connectors, our Carl of all trades of the show, Carl says their new connection is to email the date to host the Art with Code event probably after the trip to Colorado.

And then I need to finish up the agenda and slide deck.

Yes, I'm so excited.

And I'm so excited.

So excited for you.

You come do it.

Good luck, Carl.

All right, our pathologist of the show, I can never pronounce that word, Laura. - You did great. - Says, new connection, less fast food.

I feel better when I eat less fast food/drink less soda, but it's so convenient.

Going to attempt to minimize my fast food consumption by bringing snacks in my car for my long commute home and bringing enough for lunch to tide me over until I get home.

That is genius.

Laura, good luck. - Snacks are important.

Vital, some would say.

Our Oracle of the show, Soph, says next connection.

Do I even have to say it?

Yes, you have to say it.

Find the passport documents.

I look forward to it.

You can do it. - Good luck, Soph.

The Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erika, next connection, plan carefully so I can keep my mask on in the airports as much as possible with the ultimate goal of staying healthy.

Very smart, Erika, you've got this. - Our soprano of the show, Debo, says next connection, get the quilt top finished and take it to the quilter before I leave for London, which is in two weeks.

Ah, sorry. - You sound stressed.

You good? - No, I'm fine, I'm fine. - Our tech podcast listener of the show, Pilix, new connection, same thing, fast UI and apply for jobs.

You will get a job at some point.

Yes, you will, yeah. - Yes, you can do it.

Our shark of the show, one pair of shoes, who's also named Chris, says I have not done a connection check in a while, but my connection check for next time is to get up early and wash my car before it gets too hot.

Now I know that Chris is in the same area as me and we are currently experiencing a major heat wave.

Now before anyone makes any sort of commentary about, oh my gosh, it's so much hotter.

I live in Arizona where it's 125.

I don't care 'cause this is not normal.

Our buildings are not made.

None of it, like hush.

It's hot.

It's hot.

So, to you, you can do it. (baby crying) - You can do it, one pair of shoes.

All right, our identical twin of the show, Erin, new connection.

Get back to some of the tech debt I want to address in his freelancing work prior to going on a few vacations, starting in two weeks.

Ooh, good luck, Erin.

Yeah, tech debt is hard. - Yes, you can do it.

Our checklist enthusiast of the show, Mike, says new connection, send invitations and work on planning surprise. 30th birthday party for my wife.

Oh my gosh, I'm so excited.

I love surprise parties.

I love 30th birthdays.

I love these big moments that get amazing.

I'm so excited for you and I can't wait to hear more about it. - Mike, I hope your wife doesn't listen to Condit. - Also that. - Yeah, you could have just spoiled it.

All right. (baby crying) One second.

It's like she knows.

All right, our mountain- - She doesn't know who it is. - Our mountain dweller of the show, Logan, next connection.

Finish getting my website up and running. - Yes, you can do it.

Our robotics engineer of the show, Aidan, says next connection, continue with the prototyping for the electronics casing.

Oh, I hope you share this with us.

Definitely, definitely want to see.

Maddie, I can do the rest if you want me to. (baby crying) - Hey, I still don't like you. - Sorry, can you hear her still?

(baby crying) Okay, I put her down a little bit away from me.

All right.

You did Aidan.

Our fish bear of the show, fishy- (laughing) I'll do that again.

Our fish bear of the show, Fishy Kai, new connection.

I'm on vacation this week.

There's a to-do list a couple miles long, but I need to make sure to make time to relax.

Yes, that is very important.

Why do you have a to-do list on vacation, friend? - Yeah, yeah.

It was, it's okay.

We're not gonna judge too hard, but yes, relax.

Our tire advocate of the show, Chintas, says next connection, finish preps for internal conference that I'm organizing.

It'll be starting just about when Conduit Next records.

Perfect timing for you to get the things done before you tell us how they went. - Right, and back to nameless of the show.

Connection check.

Oops, nope. - I'm sorry. (laughing) That's on me, that's me.

No, let's blame Jay.

It's Jay's fault. - Jay, how dare you?

All right, back to the start of that one.

Back to the nameless of the show.

New connection, find a rhythm for balancing schoolwork and jobby job work.

Oh, I feel this so hard.

Not anymore, but yes, I understand.

Good luck. - And our Mrs.

Nameless of the show's new connection.

Find a new harness for Mocha.

She has outgrown her current one and get the things from the pharmacy.

And Mocha is a very good girl who joins us on our coworking sometimes, and she is the bestest, and getting bigger is adorable, and good luck finding the perfect new harness.

If you would like to submit a connection, you can do so in the Relay Discord in the #ShowFollowUp channel by starting your message with a conduit emoji and then putting your connection after.

If you are not in our Discord, that's okay.

We still love you.

You can also submit feedback by clicking the link in the show notes or using the Submit Feedback button at relay.fm/conduit, or you can also go straight to relay.fm/conduit/feedback.

Visit IAmASuperconductor.com to become a member today to get access to the pre- and post-show banjo, an ad-free episode, and a coworking session in the off weeks with Kathy, well, with myself and Jay.

Lastly, check out uconwear.com for some great conduit merch.

And thank you, Maddie, for joining me on this very special episode.

And in the post-show, we will do something fun that I don't know what it is yet, but we'll figure it out. - We'll figure it out. - We'll figure it out when we get there.

It'll be fun. - Thanks for having me, Kathy.

It was fun. - Absolutely.

Did we con-do it?

We con-did it.

Woo!

(baby crying) All right.

(Kathy laughing) (baby crying) (upbeat music) (upbeat music)