---
description: It's time to fill up the TIREs and get ready for liftoff as we explore
  the final frontier before a good decision!
pub_date: November 4th, 2021
title: '9: Decision Space (The TIRE Technique)'
url: https://relay.fm/conduit/9
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we condue our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit from Relay FM. This episode is brought to you by Pingdom, but more about that later. I'm Jay and with me is the most amazing emoji explainer that I have ever met. Yeah. Hi, Kathy. I'm sorry. I can't even like get. I'm so sorry for interrupting. Please continue. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's it. That's it. I am not about to unveil how terrible I am at understanding what in the world people are talking about in Discord because I see emojis all over the place and I'm like, hey, Kathy, what's this mean? And see, I would never be the person to call out someone else publicly and say they were behind on the cool kids phrasing, but if someone brings it up themselves, I can say that Jay is very bad at remembering because there's a couple things that I've explained a couple times, which is fine. He's very busy and important and full of stuff. So I don't mind explaining it because that is the type of person that I am. Honestly, though, it makes me really happy to explain things like this. So I'm super excited. So last week I spoke at a conference and it was a federal kind of event thing. And you know how the government loves their acronyms, right? Oh, yes. So I was the only non-federal person on this panel and they were just flinging all the acronyms around and I was like, hi, I'm from communities, but can we explain what these mean? I don't know. And then the next five minutes was the person going through their statement again, but actually breaking down every acronym. And I was like, oh, okay, cool, cool, cool. And then after that, every time someone would throw out an acronym, they would define what it was except for there was one time they were like, oh, don't worry, you don't need to know that acronym. It's never going to happen. Oh my gosh. Well, you know what? That works. That works. Yeah, acronyms are, there's power in acronyms. And I think we're going to hit a little bit in that. Oh, except you're hosting, so I need to stop leading the show. I'm just glad that you let me shout you out for all the help that you give me. And by the way, we have some other shout outs. I will be happy to take the first one and a big shout out to Ben and Dave for helping me with my Tetris app. Obviously, yes, of course there would be a Tetris app. It's not public. I doubt it will ever be public unless I become an amazing Swift developer. But apparently I wanted to build an app because of course I did. And I had some questions and some people took quite a lot of their time and donated it to helping me understand how Swift and Swift UI work. Not well, but thank you, Ben. Thank you, Dave. I hope you're listening and catch the shout out. I think that you are amazing and you are a Swift developer. So therefore you are an amazing Swift developer. And I'm not going to let you talk. And instead, I'm going to give a shout out to other Discord friends of the show, Maddie, Rosemary and Izzy. They just launched their podcast called Above the Mess, which if you like this show, you will love that show too. The three of them are all multi-potentialites and have lots of projects, lots of things going on. And I really love their interactions with each other and how very different and yet how very similar they are. And it's a great show. I highly, highly recommend it. As of recording, the first two episodes are out, I think. But when this publishes, I think the third one will be, what is time? It's hard. Doesn't matter. Go subscribe Above the Mess. Check it out. Absolutely. And as someone who literally uses the phrase multi-potentialite in my bio for talks, I knew that I wanted to listen to this podcast and Maddie, Rosemary and Izzy are all full, like just phenomenal. I've had the privilege to talk to everyone, I think, except Izzy, which I'm hoping to fix. Right now they're on a social media break. But when that changes, I have so many questions and I am a massive fan of the show. I'm also a massive fan of Jumbo. Jumbo messaged us in the Discord and said, Thanks Jay, after listening to the most recent episode, I can relate so much with taking in so much work because I know how to do it. So on a team meeting today, I spoke up and admitted, I need help. And it's been rather stressful as the team is generally not too busy, but I'm busy and I felt like I couldn't share the work. Tomorrow will no doubt be a challenge because now I have to train them on how to do it, which yes, that is fine. Absolutely. 100% Jumbo. YouCon did it. I am totally pumped that you show and that gave you the encouragement to just be a little vulnerable and say, hey, I need help and there's nothing wrong with that. Kind of a spoiler to this as well, I actually shared the last episode with my boss and my boss was like, yeah, you definitely need to work. But also encouraged me to say, hey, your success doesn't mean that we're going to automatically give you more work on it. But thank you for being vulnerable and sharing that. So yes, Jumbo, I am right there with you. These shows are also for us as hosts and we learn from one another a lot. Yeah. And I'm so proud for you for not only asking for help, but taking on the training. I know from someone who helps people, that is a big fear that people get over. And so I'm sure you are doing an incredible job and I hope that it is all going super well. And along those same lines, I have additional follow up from a friend of the show, Maddie. We talked about goals last episode and she was kind enough to point to her incredible blog post called I hate goals, which of course I felt deep in my soul and talked about smart goals and why smart goals aren't the best, but real goals are. And so we're going to link her blog posts in the show notes down below or over or in, depending on how you're listening to this episode right now. But that being said, go and read it and maybe real goals are the way of the future. Let's make that a thing. I want to be able to add like productivity guru to Maddie's list of many talents, which I think that she already is. Oh, she absolutely already is. But I mean, if she writes the post and this is like her like inbox zero post, I want to make sure that we were there to go first and cheer her on from day one. So we have one more shout out, but we're actually going to use this to transition into our next segment. So Tony Sky Day. So thank you, Tony, so much for hanging out with us. Started this wonderful conversation about fear and success. Obviously that was our topic last week. And I can't even begin to add all the shout outs and links to everything that happened in the conversation. I mean, it went for hours and it was incredible. It was it was absolutely phenomenal. But if you want to hear about it, you got to become a member relay dot FM slash conduit, become a member, join our discord, hang out in the productivity channel where many people often declare bankruptcy because there's so much goodness and we it's more goodness than we can handle often. But that said, I think it's time to check some connections. Kathy, your connection was to write down successes in a visual way. How'd that go? It actually went pretty well. I well, parts of it went well. So I had a really great purple hexagon whiteboard like it was glass and purple in the back. And it was fantastic and amazing. And I finally had I was like, this is what this purpose is going to be. It is I'm going to write my connection for the fortnight and then also use it for writing my successes. Unfortunately, the whiteboard was not up to the task in that it leaped off my wall and broke. I thought hexagons were the best of gods. Well, apparently this one was not. This one was just pushed too hard and couldn't handle the awesomeness that I was putting on it or something like that. So I am on the search because you know me, I love fun things. I love good things to put in my office. So I am on the search for a fun whiteboard that maybe won't run off the wall and die. So we'll see that. But that being said, I have another whiteboard that I use for my yearly theme that I've decided that I'm also going to write my successes on the yearly theme board. So it's going to be kind of an all in one. Nice. So I think this is where I have to point out the giant whiteboard desks. That would be great, except for three problems. One, I use the desk, which means I'd probably write like erase it with my arms. Two, I have cats who would also walk on it and like leave little footprints of erasing on the whiteboard. And three, I also have, I don't know if you remember one of the previous connections about cleaning my desk. I probably need to do that again. And I have a lot of stuff on my desk that I need to clear out. So what I'm saying is great idea, but not for me. Today I learned cats make good body erasers. True. What about you, Jay? What, how did you do for your connection? So my goal or my connection was to at least once a week for the next two weeks, announce a success. Cause you know, I'm scared of those no matter how small it is. And yeah, I totally forgot the first week. I'm not going to lie. It was Monday and I was like, Oh, I forgot to do my connection. So yeah, I just failed. But the second week, first of all, I can only begin to explain how the idea of failure is parasitic because even though I didn't complete my connection the first week, there was nothing stopping me from doing it the second week, except for me in my own head. And it took me so many days to get out of my head on light. And it was like, Oh, you know, why even do it? You already failed because you didn't do it the first week. And then finally, you know what got me to do it was I went to an axe throwing thing and got to throw axes. And there's a lot of energy and frustration that you can get out just throwing an axe at a piece of wood. And I think by the time I got to throwing shovel blades, like, I was like, this is a success. It's definitely a small one. At the end of the day, maybe I can fight off the zombie apocalypse if I had an unlimited supply of like shovel, spades, and hatchets. But it's a success. Nonetheless, I threw some axes at stuff. It was fun. It was amazing. And I loved it. And I also got out of my head and announced one success. So one for two. But yeah, I think the success there was actually realizing that my failure didn't mean that I was a complete failure. And I could just keep going. Yes, I think that's I mean, that's a great part of like the real goals that Maddie talks about is like, just because that that's the hard thing about like smart goals is, if you haven't done, like your connection was at least once a week for the next two weeks. And because you didn't do one week, you quote unquote failed. But you still did announce a success, even if like it was just one and I used just very liberally. That's amazing. And I think it's important that we need to call out that goodness, really. So what we're saying is maybe smart goals aren't the answer. And I heard about this thing called real goals from Maddie. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Maddie. I love Maddie. She's great. Speaking of Maddie, our first connection check from our conductors is from Friends of the Show Maddie. I think my foundation of space is complete, at least for now, which that means there is a connection check pass. She also says, I have completely reorganized my office from top to bottom. So it meshes well with my brain. That's the most important part. And of course, it feels nice. There's still some small things that need to be finalized, like little details, but the foundation is certainly there. Connection checked. That's so awesome, Maddie. And yeah, I think part of the thing that catches me off at times is I share an office, which means I'm only able to organize half of it so that it meshes with my brain well. But at least that part of the office does indeed feel super nice knowing that you know where everything is. Yeah. And I love the part about, yes, it's not finalized, because let's be honest, no room is ever complete. No space. The completion of a space never ends. And that's important to be able to recognize and acknowledge that things can still change and should change and will change. And so yes, you got that connection check. And speaking of other connections, Dragon, favorite Dragon of the show. No, not favorite, because we have two. The blue Dragon of the show, Skylar, unfortunately peanut buttered by fully examining their task manager, but they did decide on a new notes app. They say it's really nice to have a new thing to add a little bit of freshness to the system. This definitely is incredible. Making a decision is important, as we'll mention later in the show. And testing out, trying things is great, but also learning that having that little bit of freshness can reframe your brain and make things a little bit nicer. And so I love that. I'm so happy that you found stuff that works for you. Absolutely. And speaking of working for you, if you want to do your own connection check, if you set a connection and you want to let the world know that you did that thing, no matter how big or small it is, yeah, you can do that by tweeting to us on obviously Twitter, because that's where you tweet things. Tweet your connection to us with the hashtag my conduit or use the question mark conduit. Is it question mark conduit or my conduit? I forgot. Question mark my conduit. Question mark my conduit in Discord. And you can be like Maddie and Skylar and one other person that we're going to get to. But before we do that, let's take a moment to talk about Pingdom. This episode is brought to you by Pingdom from SolarWinds. While you've been listening to this podcast, how would you know if your website had gone down? Would you know if customers couldn't click that buy button or fill out a trial form? You might stumble across the problem by luck, but that means you've already lost out on new customers. You need something to tell you everything is running smoothly on your site and more importantly, when it isn't. So you need Pingdom. Pingdom detects around 13 million outages every month. That's more than 400,000 outages every day. And for as low as $10 a month, Pingdom helps keep your sites online. It doesn't matter if you're a startup or a Fortune 500 company, you need real-time alerts about critical website issues and customization of how you're alerted, whether it is SMS, email, or your team's collaboration apps. Pingdom even tracks and analyzes your website's load time so you can see what's affecting the user experience. If you have a website, you need Pingdom. Take charge of monitoring your site in minutes and go to pingdom.com slash RelayFM right now for a 30-day free trial with no credit card required. Then when you sign up, don't forget to use the code CONDUIT at checkout to get a huge 30% off your first invoice. Thanks so much to Pingdom from SolarWinds for their support of this show and RelayFM. All right, so one of our others, our friend of the show down under, Ellen mentioned, oh that sounded very strange. Okay, anyway, Ellen's connection check was, full disclosure, I haven't yet finished updating my CV, but I'm working on it, which I mean, hey, even the working on it, to me that's a connection check. That's impressive, yeah. Also, I just got off the phone with my old boss recommending me to her new company, which is a little extra motivation to get it finished in the next couple of days. Don't know if I want to do it, but it's nice to be thought of. Ellen, it sounds like you need to make a decision, which means you need to go to decision space. Decision space! Decision space! Because if you know this show, you know that if we give something a fun name and make a fun sound around it, it makes it better. Oh, see, now, okay, note to self, go back and add some reverb on that. So, when we talked before, when we were coming up with the topic, by the way, these topics don't fall out of the sky. Kathy and I sit down and think about them a lot. We were trying to come up with different topics for the show. And, you know, I think, Kathy, you said something that was truly profound of like, I'm just not in the right space for this. Yeah, yeah. So, we tend to start this conversation. Here's a little, you know, peek behind the curtain of the show. We tend to start the discussion kind of the day before we record. We go through, we kind of take a quick, like, look at some of the topics that we have in our space, in our list of brain dump topics, etc., and try and fit with what we feel is right. Each week, the episode that we're going to talk about is one that just kind of tweaks our brains and makes us really excited about the episode, and that can come from any location. I should also throw in there that we look at what other people suggest in our Discord, in our member Discord. So, usually, it's something that we've been thinking about that goes in conjunction with what someone from the audience is saying, hey, you should totally talk about this. And we're like, yes, we were thinking about talking about this. So, this is perfect. But that didn't happen this time. I mean, it did, but all the topics we were like, I don't know about it. It didn't feel right. We have, you know, we have a little, some things coming up in the next couple months, you know, it's the end, getting towards the end of the year. And so, like, rescheduling and adjusting and things. So, we wanted to make sure that, again, like everything that's planned has its space and has its spot. And nothing was feeling right. Yeah. So, we got to where Kathy just mentioned not being in the right head space. And it immediately made me think of either a scene that I've totally made up in my head, but I'm pretty sure this is a thing of Star Trek, the original series, I believe, where there was a conversation about going into deep space and the engineer, I'm not good with this. Don't come after me. Whether you're Star Trek or Star Wars fan, don't come after me. I'm going to mess stuff up. But one of the engineers basically said, Captain, we can't go into deep space right now, because if we do, we don't know what's going to happen. And isn't that like every Star Trek episode? I don't know. I've only seen a couple. I mean, usually there's like a beaming down and then some judo chops and kicks that happen. And then they get beamed back up and they have to set phasers to stun and all that. Again, I'm just making more people mad. Now I'm going to stop. But what winds up happening is they go into deep space anyway, and then they're just lost. They don't know what's going on. They don't know where they are. But the decision had to be made. They were like, well, we don't have a choice. We had to do this. And now we are dealing with the consequences of our actions. And that really got us thinking about the idea of this is what happens when we make decisions without being in the right mindset, without having the things to make that decision a good decision in place. If we just come to an irrational choice, or as Jay would often say, if I use my gut, sometimes my gut doesn't have all the things it needs to make the best choice. Well, and two, sometimes there is no best choice. Both things have their pros and cons. And so the decision that's made is the best for now, or the right choice for this second or this whatever. But if you're not in that right frame of mind, and if you're not in the right head space to be able to mentally deal with whatever decision making issues might come up, it's not going to be good. It's not going to be productive in a way that needs to be productive. Now, obviously, if you have to make a decision right now, that's totally fine. And you can make that decision. Sometimes if I'm in that spot where I have to make something right now, and I mean, nobody's going to die because I can't choose what to make for dinner, but you just don't have the effort to sit with the choices. Making a choice is better than making none. But if you have the option to wait until you're in a better space, you will be so much happier with what's going on. Yeah, I think sometimes the best decision to make can be, let me get back to you on that. And even if you set a time in which you can get to that, I think you're able to then say, all right, let me get to that space. Let me make sure I have everything set. Let me come up with a really cool acronym that would allow me to plan to make a decision. Kathy, do we have an acronym for this? We do. Somehow we have an acronym. And it's your tire. You need to use a tire to get into your decision space. Is that a penny farthing tire? Like one of the really big wheels and then the tiny little wheel behind it? That's totally what I'm imagining now. Maybe that's what it is. Maybe the big tire is all of the things that you have to do. And then the little tire is the actual action that is moving in that direction. We're really good at this. We're really good at this. We started typing different things and we were like, we just spelled tire and it was like, this is awesome. I'm so excited. So let's go through what those letters are. Jay, you kind of started with T being time. So yeah, time is the amount of time you have until critical failure. A good example of this is if you have a homework assignment and you're trying to figure out, is right now the time to do that homework assignment? Well, you know when time is over, when the homework assignment is due or when you literally have no more time to be able to actually complete said assignment. So giving yourself, making sure that you give yourself enough time to execute on what you're trying to accomplish, but also making sure that you know, when is that person wanting the decision from you? And is it possible to extend that out? And we're not saying to delay it as long as possible, but if you have a week to figure something out, you don't have to come up with a decision on day one. Yes. And then second up is the letter I, which now stands for intuition. A lot of these decisions. So growing up, my mom would always like help us make choices. You know, we would flip a coin for a decision. I don't know, we just had Halloween. So do you want to be a panda or a lion? And we would flip a coin. And depending on if we were really excited because it got panda and that was what the heads, like that's what the coin said. Great. That was the right intuition. But if we were sad that it was heads because we wanted to be a lion, we were able to sit with that choice and we could make that choice. You don't have to go by what the coin flip says, but using your intuition, using that gut instinct to help you decide, even if that decision is now is not the time to make that decision. I think the other side of intuition as well is what is the question being asked? Often we know that people will ask for things without actually asking for the thing. So using your intuition to kind of check against the actual question that's being asked. A good example of this could be, you know, hey, Kathy, I'd love to talk with you sometime about the idea of, you know, productivity and all this other stuff when the real question might have actually been, hey, Kathy, I would like to borrow you at least, you know, once every other week for a podcast that we do regularly on a show. Right? Yeah, same thing. And sometimes you don't know what that is. And sometimes even asking for it, you don't know what the answer is. And that's okay because we are going to move on to the letter R. And the letter R is for resources. And this is what tools can you use along with your intuition to make the best decision? As I said earlier, it's like, you know, if you follow your gut, but your gut is hungry, you might make some bad decisions. But if you actually, you know, I guess keeping the metaphor going, if you eat, it's like eating before you go to the grocery store, you're going to make different decisions than if you were hungry and like everything you see is based on, oh man, I'd love to just throw that in the oven right now and eat it. Yeah. And speaking of food, you also need energy. Food can give you energy, but also maybe a nap, maybe you didn't sleep very well, any of these things. So living with your energy and acknowledging and recognizing what is going on with your energy levels right now could also be why you're not in a good decision space and you need to change that energy to then have a better decision making process. And that can be, it doesn't have to be, okay, I'm going to go take a 20 minute nap because obviously that doesn't always work, but sometimes a walk or meditation or, you know, I don't know, playing Tetris can help adjust those energy levels and let you make better decisions. I just realized we just needed another T and an S and we could have made the acronym Tetris. Oh man, that's okay. I think, I feel like tire is better. Tire is better. Tire is better. I'm just going to say it. I mean, nothing is better than Tetris, but I mean, going, what's the words, adding to the idea of energy and resources actually, sometimes that means people and I don't mean treating them as assets, but also understanding that the decision that you make may affect people around you and not just gauging how much energy or how many resources you have available, but how much energy and resources do the people that have to support your decision also have? And I think adding to that with time, that gives you the ability to, one, refresh your energy, check with your resources, and then also let your intuition continue to validate or go against whatever decision you're leaning on. It's like a tire in that they just become cyclical and they keep feeding into one another. I love it. It's perfect. It may be a little bit of a backronym, but not really. We're okay. We're doing good. We're doing good. I'm proud of us. Well done. Hopefully this will give you the ability to stop and reflect and get into the right decision space to make that decision. By the way, yes, we know that in order to make that decision, you then have to also act on that decision, but Tyria is not a word. That's for future us to talk about. This is just talking about getting in the right space to make that decision, not necessarily the decision-making process, which productivity nerds, we like the planning to plan part. It's the action that sometimes we can have issues with, but that's okay because we're planning on planning the decision-making plan. I absolutely love it. I think we just decided something. I think we just made a decision to move on to the next section in the show, which is our connections for the upcoming Fortnite. I am going to kick it off to Kathy because I'm the host and I get to do that. Cheater, but that's fine. My connection is going to be a little bit of moving my body every day. Now, I always close my rings and a lot of times those are mind and body exercises on my watch, but there's a podcast called Maintenance Phase. In that, they talked about a book and not workout videos, but kind of workout videos by Angela Lansbury from the 80s. It sounds like they were just as delightful as you can imagine. One of the things she talked about is just moving a little bit every day, moving joyfully, moving to just feel the state that your body is in and being able to go with it. I've been having a lot of aches and pains and just kind of frustrated with pain levels lately. I am going to just move joyfully every day. I love that. I was actually going to suggest, what if you increased your activity rings to help motivate you to do it? Because that is- No. You're like, no. See, you just made a really good decision. Yes, I did. Because what that would do if I increased my activity rings is I would just add more time to my meditation. That's not the right answer. I want to actually move. Whatever that looks like, I have been super, really, really happy. I did a mindful cool down on Apple Fitness Plus with Janelle, I think is her name, is how you pronounce it. She was phenomenal. It was 10 minutes. Seven of them was light, gentle stretches. Then the last three was meditation. It was amazing. I wish there was a way to link the actual exercise, but maybe that's something coming with Fitness Plus in the future because I could link to my exercise, but nobody needs to see that. It was just incredible. I think I'm going to do more of that and just kind of move joyfully. Move joyfully. My connection is to put the tire on the road and I'm going to use the tire technique, which is my official dubbing of this methodology, to come up with a difficult decision that I have to make actually shortly after recording this. Yes, I'm going to cheat and force myself to do a connection that I have to do, but at the same time, I'm going to intentionally use the tire technique to map out the decision-making process. Amazing. I am so impressed. And speaking of impressed, I'm impressed with some of our conductors who have their own connections that they want to try to accomplish for the next two weeks. Ankenow wants to kickstart or at least try to kickstart a bit of a fitness habit to get body and mind in shape. Their goal is to aim to complete workouts for at least half of the days for the next two weeks and it feels like this is a manageable test for trying to establish a new rhythm. I think you can do it. Or sorry, I think you can do it. Can do it. Yes. Absolutely. And then our second connection is again from friend of the show, Maddie. I swear, we have more listeners than just Maddie. But if we didn't, Maddie, we love you and thank you. Yes, we still love you, Maddie. Absolutely. Absolutely. For the next Fortnite, now that their space is handled, she's going to rebuild her productivity system again. I think the basics remain, but she's felt like she's been in crisis mode for about four months now and just can't live like that. So the foundation system is her next step. I am so proud. I know this journey has been hard. It's been a rough year, but I'm proud of you and you can you can do it. If you want to add your connection to the show, again, the way that you do that is on Twitter using the hashtag my conduit or in Discord and you can use question mark my conduit there. And this has been absolutely amazing. I did not realize we were going to not only kickstart the launching of friend of the show, Maddie's productivity guru career, and hopefully one day we'll be able to watch her at these giant arenas with the little headsets. Yeah. But also we came up with our own acronym. We totally made that decision. We had space and time and intuition and resources and energy and we kicked the tires about and came up with our own thing that was absolutely amazing. OK, I'm stretching. So I'm just going to say thanks to Pingdom for sponsoring this episode. And Kathy, did we can do it? Heck yeah, Jay, we can do it.